Chapter 509

The valiant and extraordinary Orc King slowly walked up to an altar before the Towers of Death, constantly muttering incantations as he approached the pitch-black altar. Suddenly, countless blood-red runes emerged from the altar. The sky also dimmed as strong winds blew.

Countless Hot-blooded Orcs gathered beneath the altar. If one looked down from the ramparts, they would discover a black mass of tens of thousands of Orcs within the fortress walls…

After these Orcs gathered around the black altar, they fell to their knees and prayed.

This spectacular scene amazed even Shi Feng.

“Just what are they trying to do?” Shi Feng was utterly confused.

The Towers of Death of the Twin Tower Highlands were, in reality, a Level 50, 100-man Team Dungeon. In the past, Shi Feng had raided this Dungeon many times, so he had a relatively good understanding of the Towers of Death.

However, today was the first time Shi Feng had seen something this odd.

In particular, the Orc King who had emerged from the Towers of Death was the Final Boss of the Dungeon, Orc King Tresik.

When challenging the Hell Mode difficulty of the Dungeon, Orc King Tresik was a Level 54 Grand Lord.

Meanwhile, the Orc King Tresik standing on the altar right now was a Level 60 Mythic Monster.

Monsters in God’s Domain occupied multiple ranks. From weakest to strongest, these ranks were: Common, Elite, Special Elite, Chieftain, Lord, High Lord, Great Lord, Grand Lord. Standing above Grand Lord was Mythic.

[Orc King Tresik] (Mythic Monster)

Level 60

HP 90,000,000/90,000,000

Upon seeing the Orc King’s information, even Shi Feng could not believe his own eyes.

A Mythic Monster!

A Mythic Monster was slightly stronger than even a Tier 4 class. Moreover, with that ridiculous amount of HP, any Tier 4 party of the same level that attempted to raid Orc King Tresik would be beaten senseless. At the very least, a 50-man team of Tier 4 players was necessary to raid the Orc King.

Tier 4 classes already stood at the top of God’s Domain. It was extremely difficult to reach this tier, so how could it possibly be easy to gather fifty Tier 4 players? Not to mention, players could only begin challenging their Tier 2 Class Change Quests at Level 50; they were still far from reaching Tier 4.

To players below Level 60, Orc King Tresik was practically invincible.

However, it was because of this that Shi Feng’s interest grew.

The Final Boss of the Towers of Death had actually left the Dungeon to pray. Moreover, the Boss’s rank had risen to Mythic.

There was no way Shi Feng could grind the Hot-blooded Orcs at the moment. The area beneath the ramparts was packed with Warriors and Captains right now. If he attacked any one of them, he might attract every monster beneath the walls, including the Orc King Tresik.

They would annihilate him, leaving no room for escape.

“I’m interested to see just what this is about.” In any case, Shi Feng was not in a hurry. He took a seat in the corner of the wall and observed the situation at the altar.

However, the Orcs’ prayer was relatively long.

Even after over half an hour, these Orcs continued to pray.

Out of frustration, Shi Feng began arranging the contents of his bag.

After grinding for dozens of hours, Shi Feng had lost count of how many Hot-blooded Orc Warriors he had killed. The items they had dropped had nearly filled his bag. Had he not thrown away some of the worthless scrap items, not even his Super Large Bag would be able to hold all of the loot.

Shi Feng had to admit that the Towers of Death were indeed an efficient place to farm Light Stone Forging Designs. With the addition of his 5 points of Luck, his harvest was even more frightening.

In total, Shi Feng had obtained 141 Light Stone Forging Designs. He had also collected close to 30 Gold and some random scrap items and materials. If ordinary players came here to grind, they could definitely make a fortune overnight.

Thirty Gold Coins!

Although the value of Gold Coins continuously depreciated, each Gold Coin was still worth more than 7,000 Credits. In other words, Shi Feng had earned nearly 210,000 Credits in a single day!

However, none of these were Shi Feng’s greatest prizes.

His most valuable gain was the promotion of the Seven Luminaries Ring and the equipment he had obtained from opening treasure chests.

After upgrading the Seven Luminaries Ring to Level 7, its skills all received massive transformations. If not for the ring’s information labeling it as an Epic item, Shi Feng would have thought it was a Fragmented Legendary item.

[Seven Luminaries Ring (Replica)] (Ring, Epic Rank)

Level 20 – Level 80 (Current Level: 30)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 200

Attributes will be adjusted according to user’s level.

Strength +64, Agility +60, Intelligence +52, Endurance +60, Vitality +55

Damage +10%

Maximum HP +15%

Ignore Levels +10

All skills +2 Levels.

All items level requirement reduced by 5 Levels.

Additional Skill-

Seven Luminaries Aura: There are seven different Auras: earth, water, wind, fire, time, illusion, and space. Only one Aura can be used each time, and there will be a Cooldown of one minute when changing between Auras.

[Aura of Earth]

Level 7 (Requires 200,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 8)

Defense increased by 60%.

Damage taken reduced by 55%.

Activatable Skill-

Absolute Defense: Become immune to all damage for 5 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 minute 20 seconds

[Aura of Water]

Level 7 (Requires 200,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 8)

Healing effects increased by 100%.

Cast Consumption reduced by 50%.

Activatable Skill-

Life Bloom: Heals selected target for 30% HP every second for 40 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 minute 30 seconds

[Aura of Wind]

Level 7 (Requires 200,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 8)

Movement Speed increased by 60%.

Attack Speed increased by 60%.

Agility increased by 50%.

Activatable Skill-

Wind Rider: Enables temporary flight and Movement Speed increase of 220% for 24 seconds.

Cooldown: 2 minutes

[Aura of Fire]

Level 7 (Requires 200,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 8)

Damage increased by 50%.

Target’s Defense reduced by 60%.

Activatable Skill-

Firestorm: Inflicts 1,000% damage within a range of 30*30 yards for 6 seconds.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

[Aura of Time]

Level 7 (Requires 500,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 8)

Cooldown of all Skills reduced by 40%.

Enemies within a 150-yard radius will have their Movement Speed and Attack Speed reduced by 40%, and Cooldown of Skills increased by 50%.

Activatable Skill-

Absolute Time: Prevents enemies within a radius of 100 yards from using any skills or tools for 24 seconds.

Cooldown: 2 minutes 30 seconds

[Aura of Illusion]

Level 7 (Requires 500,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 8)

All Attributes increased by 40%.

Enemies within a 200-yard radius will have all their Attributes reduced by 40%.

Activatable Skill-

Fantasy World: Immunity to all Magic Damage and 20% of Magic Damage received will be converted to healing to recover player’s HP for 20 seconds.

Cooldown: 3 minutes

[Aura of Space]

Level 7 (Requires 500,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 8)

Immunity to all control and restricting effects.

Activatable Skill-

Space Movement: Instantly move to any location within a radius of 600,000 yards.

Cooldown: 4 minutes

After the Seven Luminaries Ring’s promotion, just one of its Auras could rival the Attributes of a Fragmented Legendary item. Meanwhile, the Seven Luminaries Ring had seven interchangeable Auras. Calling it a Fragmented Legendary item was by no means an exaggeration.

Aside from the Seven Luminaries Ring, Shi Feng valued the Tier 1 Set Equipment he had gained from the Twilight Treasure Chests.

First, Shi Feng obtained another two set pieces of the Yin-Yang Walker Set Equipment for Tier 1 Guardian Knights, putting him at a total of three set pieces.

In addition, he had also obtained the Mana Storm Set Equipment for Tier 1 Elementalists. Unfortunately, he only had two set pieces.

He had also fortunately obtained three set pieces of the Dark Melody Set Equipment for Tier 1 Assassins.

He had one set piece of the Forest Guard Set Equipment for Tier 1 Rangers.

He had also gained two set pieces of the Hurricane Set Equipment for Tier 1 Swordsmen.

Finally, he obtained one set piece of the Brave Heart Set Equipment for Tier 1 Shield Warriors.

Shi Feng had only gone through a small portion of the Twilight Treasure Chests in his possession. It was fully possible for him to collect a Tier 1 Set Equipment for every class.

Suddenly….

“Why has the sky darkened?”

While Shi Feng had been busy organizing his bag, he suddenly realized the light had dimmed, visibility becoming even poorer than during night-time. Taking a look below the ramparts, he noticed that a change had finally occurred at the black altar.