Chapter 511

A Tier 4 Sky Knight had been a tyrant qualified to rule over a large city, yet such a dominant existence had died without offering even the slightest of resistance.

Shi Feng even wondered if he were hallucinating.

“Is it a trap specifically targeting the Sky Knight?” Shi Feng watched the dispersing particles of light, inwardly relieved.

Prior to this, he had even considered stealing the treasure from the Orc King Tresik.

Fortunately, he had given up on that idea. Otherwise, he would have lost his life just like the Sky Knight.

The trap could instantly kill a Tier 4 Sky Knight, not even leaving behind a body. It was clear that this trap’s damage was not ordinary.

Although players would not face true death, the consequences of such an attack definitely would not end with just the loss of EXP and equipment. It was highly possible that the players would be affected as well.

At the very minimum, players’ immortal souls would receive damage, preventing them from logging into God’s Domain for a time.

However, this was still not the most severe possibility. In some circumstances, players who died might even have to delete their accounts after reviving.

It was possible that the Sky Knight’s death fit into this category.

After the Sky Knight died, Tresik kept his blood-red greatsword and slowly walked towards the treasure. Looking at the treasure with its golden divine glow, a grin on the Orc King’s ferocious face.

Tresik then began chanting his incantation once again. Suddenly, golden runes formed around the treasure, wrapping around the item, as if sealing it.

“Is it not a trap?”

As Shi Feng watched the Orc King’s actions, it was clear that the trap was not meant for the Mythic Monster. Instead, there should be something special about the treasure that prevented others from touching it. However, as the Sky Knight had not known this, he had been erased out of existence.

Since the Orc King knew that he could not touch the treasure, he knew exactly what kind of item that treasure was, hence why he sealed it.

“Should I take this risk?” Shi Feng hesitated.

Before, as the Orc King and the treasure were too close, by the time Shi Feng made it to the treasure, the Orc King would have already claimed it. However, now that the Orc King sealed the treasure, he had a chance to steal it.

Shi Feng could take the opportunity while the Orc King was busy to sneak over. And as the treasure was sealed, he could steal it.

However, Shi Feng had also witnessed the Orc King’s power.

Tresik had managed to block even the Firmament Flash, which had the power of a Tier 5 Skill. Dealing with a Tier 1 player like him would be child’s play for the Orc King.

It was possible that, before he could even arrive before the treasure, the Orc King’s greatsword would have already devoured his life.

Moreover, escaping after he collected the treasure was also a problem.

With the Orc King Tresik’s Attributes, even if Shi Feng’s speed were several times faster, he would not escape from the Orc King’s clutches.

Seeing as the number of golden runes surrounding the treasure had gradually increased, it was clear that the time remaining for the completion of the treasure’s seal grew shorter and shorter. Shi Feng looked at the Seven Luminaries Ring wrapped around his finger. Suddenly, he activated Gravity Liberation and jumped down from the wall. He then made a dash for the black altar.

It would be a pity if he did not at least try to steal a treasure that could tempt even a Tier 4 NPC.

Moreover, after the Seven Luminaries Ring had upgraded to Level 7, the Ring’s Skills had undergone massive improvements. Shi Feng could totally give stealing the treasure a try.

Above the black altar, Orc King Tresik focused on chanting his incantation. Meanwhile, Shi Feng slowly approached the altar.

A Mythic Monster’s perception range was not as wide as a God’s. Normally, that range was around 100 yards. Hence, Shi Feng still had a chance. If the Orc King’s perception range were any wider, Shi Feng would have no choice but to flee.

When Shi Feng was about 100 yards from the Orc King, he halted his steps. Sure enough, the Orc King had yet to notice his presence. Shi Feng then walked along the distance of 100 yards, searching for the location closest to the treasure before settling down and waiting for the moment the treasure’s seal finished.

Line after line of golden runes hovered around the treasure. This was the first time Shi Feng had ever witnessed such a complicated sealing ritual.

Just as the sealing process was about to end, Shi Feng immediately used Phantom Kill and had his doppelganger secretly run over to and wait at the other side.

Time slowly passed. Shi Feng’s heart began to beat furiously.

He was but a lowly Tier 1 class. Moreover, this was his first time trying to steal an item right from under the nose of a Mythic Monster. One mistake would definitely end with his death. Though Shi Feng did not mind losing a little EXP, he was deeply afraid of losing his equipment, particularly the Seven Luminaries Ring and the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath. Neither of these items were bound to his character. After he died, there was a very high possibility of either of these two items dropping.

However, if he unequipped these two items, he would lose his edge to steal the treasure. It was a gamble.

While Shi Feng waited quietly…

After the Orc King chanted the final verse of his incantation…

Suddenly, the countless runes wrapped around this treasure. In the next instant, the golden divine glow that had originally surrounded this treasure disappeared, revealing a simple and unadorned crystal ball.

When Orc King Tresik’s eyes landed on this crystal ball, the excited smile on his face became even more prominent. However, just as the Orc King was about to step towards the crystal ball, Shi Feng’s doppelganger abruptly dashed towards it. The doppelganger was extremely fast. It had taken only an instant to cross the distance of 100 yards.

“A little Tier 1 ant dares to try for my God Crystal?

“Die!”

Orc King Tresik revealed a disdainful sneer as he unsheathed the blood-red greatsword from his back. Transforming into a flash, Tresik suddenly appeared before Shi Feng’s doppelganger.

Even though the doppelganger had already activated Windwalk, it was still as slow as a turtle compared to the Orc King. Tresik felt nothing but disdain for a Tier 1 ant like Shi Feng. Hence, the Orc King decided to annihilate this little rat to avoid any taint to his God Crystal.

Without waiting for Tresik to take action, the doppelganger activated Defensive Blade.

Shi Feng’s deductions had indeed been accurate.

The difference in Attributes between them was simply too massive. Before the doppelganger could even raise its sword to defend itself, Tresik’s greatsword struck the doppelganger.

Although Shi Feng had grasped the Flowing Water Realm and had even learned Flowing Water Acceleration, there was a qualitative difference between himself and the Orc King Tresik. In front of absolute power, all tricks were useless. The Orc King’s Attributes were dozens of times higher than Shi Feng’s. Even if Shi Feng’s techniques were more impressive, their effects were limited.

In the blink of an eye, Defensive Blade’s block charges had been exhausted.

Immediately after, a streak of red light cut across the doppelganger. Truly, without being able to resist, Shi Feng’s doppelganger had been defeated.

However, while Tresik dealt with the doppelganger, Shi Feng had already activated Windwalk and used a Speed Scroll. He had even activated Blade Liberation, increasing his Agility by 80%, and activated the Additional Skill of the Flame Boots, Flame Rush, increasing his Movement Speed by an additional 100%.

At this moment, Shi Feng was faster than even wind itself.

By the time the Orc King killed the doppelganger, less than 20 yards remained between Shi Feng and the treasure.

“Despicable!” Tresik immediately discovered Shi Feng. Spinning around, he dashed towards Shi Feng.

Although Shi Feng was very fast, two to three times faster than his doppelganger, compared to the Orc King, however, he was still as slow as a snail.

Sure enough…

Just as Shi Feng was around three yards away from the treasure, Tresik suddenly appeared behind him, his greatsword swinging down at the little rat.

However, Shi Feng had long since prepared for this moment. Before this, he had activated the Aura of Earth. At the instant he was discovered, he used Absolute Defense, becoming invulnerable for five seconds.

Now that Shi Feng was invincible, he did not have to worry about any attacks towards him. While shouldering the Orc King’s attacks, he grabbed the crystal ball and stuffed it into his bag.

Tresik grew indignant at this sight; the violent aura that surged forth from his body caused even Shi Feng to grow breathless. If he were not in an invulnerable state right now, he would have long since died.

With the God Crystal in hand, Shi Feng immediately swapped the Aura of Earth to the Aura of Space and activated Space Movement. He then jumped into the spatial crack that appeared and left the Towers of Death.