Chapter 510

At this moment, the black altar radiated a blood-red glow. In the darkness, it was an extraordinarily eye-catching.

The ground surrounding the altar also began emitting plumes of bright red mist. A small cyclone that had appeared above the alter tugged the mist towards its core. Gradually, the space in the storm’s center gradually began to crack.

A moment later, this spatial crack formed a portal.

The instant the spatial portal was complete, the area around the Towers of Death froze. It was as if a separate, miniature world had formed around the Towers of Death, and no object from the outside world could affect anything that occurred inside this place.

All of Shi Feng’s communication with the outside world was blocked as well, every name on his friends list having turned a dull gray; he was unable to contact anybody.

The surrounding air felt as heavy as mercury, and Shi Feng felt as if his every action was heavily restrained.

Inside this region, Shi Feng felt like a candle flickering in the wind; his life could be extinguished at any moment.

Meanwhile, this was all due to the horrific pressure from the spatial portal.

“Just what is inside that spatial portal?”

Shi Feng widened his eyes in shock. He tried to glimpse at what was inside the spatial portal, yet, as if a strange power shrouded the portal, not even Shi Feng, with his extraordinary dynamic vision, could see anything inside it. However, there was one thing that his brain urged him to do right now.

Escape!

The pressure leaking from the spatial portal was sufficient to freeze the entire space surrounding the Towers of Death and create a separate world.

This was the first time Shi Feng had ever encountered such a situation.

While Shi Feng struggled to recover from his shock, the hundreds of thousands of Orcs surrounding the pitch-black altar suddenly turned into blood mist.

Moreover, the transformation had been completely silent.

The originally crowded fortress around the Towers of Death had suddenly become a ghost town.

The abrupt change was enough to instill utter terror.

For a time, the blood-red runes around the alter forcefully sucked in the blood mist, intensifying the runes’ glow. Simultaneously, the portal above the altar grew, the pressure it emitted increasing as well.

The air that had previously felt as heavy as mercury now felt as dense as fine steel. Now, Shi Feng could not move in the slightest.

“Is this Divine Might?” A possibility suddenly flashed in Shi Feng’s mind.

Divine Might… It was something that Shi Feng had felt more than a few times before. As long as Divine Might was activated, any players within the affected area would receive various sorts of suppression. Moreover, the wider the gap in tiers, the greater the suppression would be. Only players of the same tier would be unaffected by Divine Might. However, of all the Divine Might Shi Feng had experienced before, not one had rendered him completely incapable of movement.

Before Shi Feng could reflect more on the situation, the Orc King Tresik finally finished chanting his incantation. Suddenly, the area around the Towers of Death fell eerily silent.

Shi Feng noticed hints of excitement and longing on Tresik’s ferocious face.

At this moment, the spatial portal blotted out the area above the black altar. If the portal descended now, Shi Feng did not doubt that it would devour the massive black altar whole.

However, the black portal did not descend. Instead, the portal released a loud sound resembling the cracking of glass.

It was as if something inside the portal were trying to smash its way through the mysterious power surrounding it.

Shi Feng began to have a bad feeling about this.

If a God truly descended, then he would die with 100% certainty.

A God possessed extremely acute senses. Even over a thousand-yard-distance, a God could discover a player long before that player discovered said God.

In the past, plenty of players had been very interested in Gods. Unfortunately, many Tier 4 players had not been able to get even 3,000 yards close to the Gods before the divine beings swatted them like flies. Meanwhile, Tier 5 players had survived the wrath of Gods, but only Tier 6 players qualified to challenge them. Even then, they only ‘qualified.’

At this moment, Shi Feng was less than 2,000 yards away from the altar. If a God descended, it would discover him immediately and send him to his death with a single slap.

“It shouldn’t be able to descend, right?” Shi Feng could feel that the mysterious power surrounding the spatial portal was already at its limits.

In the blink of an eye, a gigantic hand that blotted out the sky suddenly emerged from the portal. In the face of this hand, even the massive altar seemed like a small toy.

Fortunately, the instant this hand descended, countless golden chains suddenly emerged from the sky. These golden chains immediately bound the hand, preventing it from moving.

“The Chains of Order!” Shi Feng breathed a sigh of relief at the sudden appearance of these fine chains. “Sure enough, it is impossible for a God to appear here.”

Although the golden chains were thin, they contained an immeasurable amount of power. Even Gods could not fight these chains.

Yet, this massive hand abruptly twitched, and a single item fell from its palm. This item released a dazzling golden glow that illuminated the entire fortress around the Towers of Death.

The moment this item landed in front of the Orc King, the gigantic hand in the sky retreated through the spatial portal.

Peace returned to the Towers of Death.

“Did that God break open the spatial portal just to give the Orc King an item?” Shi Feng was utterly stunned.

An item that was obtained from a God through the sacrifice of hundreds of thousands of Orcs… Even if Shi Feng could not clearly see what that item was, but judging from how the Orc King had willingly made such an immense sacrifice, it was definitely an extraordinary treasure.

If he could steal it…

However, Shi Feng promptly shook his head, removing the thought from his mind.

Only those who wanted to give up on life would attempt to steal an item from a Mythic Monster. It would be no different than trying to steal from White River City’s Magistrate, the Tier 4 Great Wizard Weissman.

Just as Shi Feng was about to turn and leave…

A figure suddenly came flying towards the Towers of Death from a distance. The figure flew at a tremendous speed, several times faster than even Shi Feng when he had Wind Rider activated. In just a few seconds, the originally seed-sized figure grew to the size of an ordinary human.

“Sky Knight?” Shi Feng could not help his shock. The new arrival was actually a human NPC.

Moreover, it was the Tier 4 hidden class, Sky Knight.

His body exuding a multicolored brilliance, the Sky Knight immediately charged towards the Orc King.

Meanwhile, as if receiving the arrival of a great enemy, the Orc King Tresik immediately tried to collect the flashing golden treasure.

However, the Sky Knight had obviously prepared for this situation. With a shout, he pointed his sword towards the heavens.

Suddenly, a titanic golden sword appeared above the Orc King. This golden sword then transformed into a streak of light as it descended towards the Mythic Tresik.

Shi Feng’s jaw dropped.

This Sky Knight actually knew the Tier 4 forbidden move, Firmament Flash.

Forbidden moves were Taboo Skills in God’s Domain. Firmament Flash was labeled “Taboo” because the skill possessed overly destructive power. In addition, the skill was extremely difficult to learn. Classes of the same tier had no way of learning it.

The Tier 4 Firmament Flash could rival even a Tier 5 skill. Even though the Orc King Tresik was a Mythic Monster, an existence slightly above Tier 4 classes, when facing an attack with the might of a Tier 5 skill, it had no choice but to protect its life first.

The Orc King Tresik immediately unsheathed his blood-red greatsword. Releasing an angry roar, a frightening aura suddenly surged forth from his body. It seemed as if the Orc King had activated a berserk skill that boosted his strength to an astonishing degree. He swung his greatsword, sending a streak of blood-red light slashing at the descending holy sword.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Suddenly, the land around the Towers of Death shook. It was as if the end of the world had arrived.

“What!?” Shi Feng was stunned.

The Orc King Tresik had actually defended against the Sky Knight’s Firmament Flash.

At this moment, however, the Sky Knight already stood before the golden treasure, his hand stretching out to snatch the item.

Just as the Sky Knight was about to grasp the golden treasure, Shi Feng suddenly noticed a mocking grin on the Orc King’s face.

“Ah!”

The instant the Sky Knight touched the golden treasure, he suddenly released a tragic scream. Suddenly, his body transformed into countless particles of light…