Chapter 523

Shadowless Rat’s instant death stunned War Wolf and the others, who watched the entire encounter.

As his teammates, they were very familiar with Shadowless Rat’s strength and skill.

Moreover, Shadowless Rat was a Tier 1 Assassin who had grasped Omnivision. He could easily perceive his enemy’s attack trajectory and respond appropriately. In addition, the majority of his equipment consisted of Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment, his total HP being over 4,400. Even War Wolf would have to expend a significant amount of effort to defeat Shadowless Rat. If the Assassin focused on escaping, War Wolf would be helpless against him.

Yet, now, he had actually been killed with a single hit…

Meanwhile, they didn’t even know what had happened exactly. They only saw the pitch-black sword in the enemy Swordsman’s hand transform into a streak of light, and in the next moment, Shadowless Rat was dead.

How could they not be shocked?

After killing Shadowless Rat, Shi Feng did not stop. Turning, he dashed for War Wolf and the others.

This time, however, he did not hold back as he sprinted at full speed. In the dead of night, his cloaked figure looked like a ghost; he was extremely difficult to locate.

“He hid his strength! All those who aren’t Tier 1 classes, fall back! I’ll hold off the Boss. The rest of you, delay him. Maintain your distance! His sword his extremely fast, so do not approach him no matter what!” War Wolf shouted his orders in the team chat.

Although War Wolf’s instructions had been appropriate, he still felt as if something were off about this situation.

Why had such an expert ambushed them?

Moreover, based on the enemy’s behavior, it was clear that he had aimed for them from the very beginning.

This situation greatly confused War Wolf.

Among the various teams in Overwhelming Smile, their team had always strived to maintain a low-profile; they have never provoked anybody. They were an elite team that Overwhelming Smile had formed in secrecy to serve as the Guild’s trump card, and even the normal members of the Guild did not know they existed.

However, the enemy had clearly chosen the best possible moment to launch his attack.

The ambusher’s strength was the most usual aspect. He was definitely one of the rarely-seen top-tier experts.

Although the enemy had only attacked once, War Wolf could tell how powerful he was.

Comparing Basic Attributes alone, this enemy was far superior to Shadowless Rat. Even if both sides fought without any combat techniques, Shadowless Rat would not have an easy time blocking that person’s sword. Not to mention, there was also the attack that contained no excess movement. Being caught unaware, it was only natural that Shadowless Rat had been defeated.

In fact, there was not the slightest bit of error with War Wolf’s judgment. In front of absolute power, all tricks were futile.

Shi Feng currently wore the Tier 1 Hurricane Set Equipment. He also possessed the Epic ranked Seven Luminaries Ring and the Fragmented Legendary ranked Heavenly Dragon’s Breath. With one hand, he wielded the top-tier Dark-Gold ranked Purgatory’s Shadow, and with the other, he wielded the Magic Weapon, Abyssal Blade. He was a Tier 1 Blade Saint, and his One-handed Sword Mastery had reached the level of a Sword Master. In terms of Basic Attributes, he was leaps and bounds above Shadowless Rat.

Even though Shadowless Rat had already reached the threshold of the Refinement Realm, in the face of absolute power, all combat techniques were useless. Not to mention, as an assurance, Shi Feng had even used Flowing Water Acceleration in his attack. How could Shadowless Rat possibly block an attack with that kind of speed?

However, Shadowless Rat’s bad luck was partially to blame for Shi Feng’s ability to kill him with one hit. Even with Shi Feng’s powerful Basic Attributes, it was still impossible for him to eliminate over 4,400 HP, killing the Assassin, with a single hit. At the very least, he needed two hits to finish off the Assassin. However, the attack that struck Shadowless Rat had triggered a triple critical hit. Even death would find it difficult to avoid the Assassin at that point…

In the span of a few breaths, the remaining six experts in War Wolf’s team had already managed to block Shi Feng’s advance. Among these six players, three were melee classes, with one being a Swordsman and two being Berserkers. The remaining three consisted of a Cleric, an Elementalist, and a Ranger. All six players were Tier 1 classes.

A party of ordinary Tier 1 players would be more than enough to deal with a 20-man elite team, not to mention that these six Tier 1 players were true experts. Their coordination was certainly something to behold.

“I refuse to believe that the six of us cannot defeat one of you,” a Level 27 male Berserker in silver armor said irritably as he watched Shi Feng dash towards his team.

“It’s better to be careful. This person’s Attack Power is very high. Even plate armor classes like you will not survive more than a few hits. Focus on pinning him down. Leave the attacking to us ranged classes,” the tall and slender Level 26 female Elementalist suggested.

“We know; relax.” another Level 26 male Berserker in black armor laughed.

They were very confident that they could deal with Shi Feng.

Normally, they often held practice PvP matches against each other. As long as they, the three melee classes, worked together, even their Boss War Wolf would suffer defeat. They also had three ranged classes on their side. They refused to believe that the black-cloaked Swordsman before them could turn the tide of the battle by himself.

The Tier 1 Ranger then fired a series of Frost Arrows, sealing off Shi Feng’s movements. Meanwhile, the Tier 1 Elementalist used a combination of Ice Spear and Ice Wall. Both the Ranger and the Elementalist had grasped Omnivision, so they could see through Shi Feng’s actions and send their attacks ahead of time. Under the combination attack, Shi Feng was forced to stop his advance temporarily and evade the incoming attacks.

“Take this!” Seizing the opportunity, the silver-armor Berserker tightened his grip on his greatsword and used Flame Charge on Shi Feng.

Flame Charge could force the target into a Fainted state for a slightly more than one second. As long as they incapacitated Shi Feng for one second, under everyone’s focused fire, even his 10,000-plus HP would not last. The black-armored Berserker had also used Charge on Shi Feng, though he purposely timed his Skill’s activation so that he would reach Shi Feng a moment after the silver-armored Berserker. Even if Shi Feng activated a Skill to defend against the silver-armored Berserker’s Charge, he could only defend against the first Charge and not the second one. Most importantly, both Berserkers attacked Shi Feng’s sides, making it even more difficult for Shi Feng to force his way through the attacks. There were also the three ranged classes blocking off Shi Feng’s paths of retreats. If Shi Feng tried to evade, the attacks would strike him…

“Die!”

The black-armored Berserker readied his battle axe as the silver-armored Berserker attacked Shi Feng, waiting for the moment when Shi Feng used a Skill to defend against the silver-armored Berserker’s Charge. When that time arrived, it would then be his turn to finish Shi Feng off.

Shi Feng’s only choice was to evade the Charge and in turn, sacrifice some of his HP by enduring the ranged classes’ attacks. That way, he would at least keep his life. In the long run, however, he would only find death here. It was only a matter of time.

“Why isn’t he dodging?” the Tier 1 female Elementalist muttered, confused, as she watched from afar.

Even when the silver-armored Berserker arrived before Shi Feng, the latter had not moved in the slightest. In the next moment, the silver-armored Berserker swung down his greatsword with all his might.

Dang!

Dazzling sparks scattered to the surroundings as Shi Feng blocked the silver-armored Berserker’s full-powered slash with one of his swords.

“You’re dead!” On the other side, the black-armored Berserker sneered. Shi Feng had actually decided not to evade the attack. He had not even used a Skill to defend himself. He was simply insane.

After being incapacitated by two Charges, not even a miracle could save him from death.

When the black-armored Berserker arrived before Shi Feng and swung his axe …

Everyone heard the sound of clashing metal once again.

How? The black armored Berserker was shocked as he stared at Shi Feng blocking his axe with the Purgatory’s Shadow. Does he possess a Skill that makes him immune to control effects for a short time?

The two robust Berserkers standing beside Shi Feng had failed to inflict any damage.

“Even an Immunity Skill won’t save you!”

Shouting angrily, the silver-armored Berserker’s body increased slightly in size. It was obvious that he had used a Berserk Skill, allowing his Strength to grow. He then used Cross Slash.

The other black-armored Berserker used Whirlwind Slash.

“It should be my turn now, right?” Shi Feng asked softly.