Chapter 524

Before the fight with War Wolf’s team had even begun, Shi Feng had activated the Aura of Space on the Seven Luminaries Ring, becoming immune to all control effects.

Whether it was the Tier 1 Elementalist’s Ice Wall or the Tier 1 Ranger’s Frost Arrows, Shi Feng had intentionally dodged both the Tier 1 Elementalist’s Ice Wall and the Tier 1 Ranger’s Frost Arrows with the goal of tricking the two Tier 1 Berserkers into approaching him on their own accord, saving him the time of going after them himself.

Releasing a low shout, Shi Feng used the Skill unique to the Hurricane Set Equipment, Sword Aura Release, dealing 300% weapon damage to all enemies within a radius of five yards and knocking all enemies back by twelve yards, stunning them for one second.

“Crap!”

The silver- and black-armored Berserkers immediately realized something was amiss and hurriedly activated Block to defend themselves, swinging the greatsword and battle axe.

Boom!

Both Berserkers felt as if they had just been hit by a truck, their bodies flying backward and slamming heavily into the ground.

Before either of them could react, Shi Feng advanced. He could easily cross a distance of twelve yards with a single step.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng appeared before the silver-armored Berserker and sent a Chop down on the man.

Currently, both Berserkers were in a Fainted state. They could not defend against Shi Feng’s attacks at all. However, the instant Shi Feng’s sword descended, he immediately changed his weapon’s trajectory, directing the Chop behind him.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Before anyone noticed, a Tier 1 Swordsman had appeared behind Shi Feng and similarly used Chop. Hence, Shi Feng had abruptly changed his target.

When the swords of light collided, the impact sent the Tier 1 Swordsman flying, three damages of over -400 points appearing above his head.

How can someone possess such horrific Strength? Is he a human-shaped Lord? The Tier 1 Swordsman stared at Shi Feng in disbelief. He had flown over six yards and had only managed to stabilize himself after much difficulty. Even so, the hand he used to grip the sword that collided with Shi Feng’s blade was completely numb.

During this brief exchange between Shi Feng and the Tier 1 Swordsman, the silver-armored Berserker recovered from his Fainted state. Shock filled his heart when he saw a single hit send his Swordsman companion flying. Immediately, he used Whirlwind Slash in an attempt to scare Shi Feng away.

When the silver-armored Berserker used Whirlwind Slash, the Elementalist and Ranger at a distance promptly begun to launch cover fire.

What a joke!

Shi Feng was capable of sending a Level 26 Tier 1 Swordsman flying with just one hit. If such an attack struck them directly, they would die instantly.

Facing the barrage of attacks, Shi Feng had no choice but to evade, opting to chase after the black-armored Berserker. After all, not only were these attacks overwhelming, but they were also experts’ attacks. If he really tried to take the silver-armored Berserker’s life, it was highly possible he would have to sacrifice his own.

Seeing Shi Feng retreat, the Level 27 silver-armored Berserker unconsciously released a sigh of relief. That was close… I nearly lost my life there.

If he had not instinctively used Block, allowing him to negate one instance of damage coming from his front, he would have lost his life during Shi Feng’s first attack.

Not to mention that alarmingly dangerous second attack…

Despite being in a Fainted state, he could clearly feel the killing intent, which was intimidating enough to cause one to freeze during battle, contained within Shi Feng’s attack. Even if he were not in a Fainted state, he was not confident he could block that lightning-quick attack.

Although he possessed high HP and Defense as a Berserker, his HP was just slightly more than 5,300. With Shi Feng’s frightening Attack Power, even a plate armor class would die from a single hit.

Only a brief second had passed since they had begun fighting Shi Feng. However, this was the first time in his life the silver-armored Berserker had experienced such a long second. His life very nearly flashed before his eyes…

When the black-armored Berserker saw Shi Feng come for him, without hesitation, he turned and fled.

He had also experienced Shi Feng’s power. Not only were Shi Feng’s Basic Attributes leaps and bounds above theirs, but his combat techniques were also far beyond them. Facing such a person head-on was nothing short of suicide!

While the black-armored Berserker fled, the distant female Elementalist cast Ice Wall and Ice Spheres to hinder Shi Feng’s movements. Although the spells could not reduce Shi Feng’s Movement Speed, they still dealt damage. Hence, Shi Feng had no choice but to dodge the attacks. Besides that, the Ranger consistently fired accurate attacks at Shi Feng’s movement trajectory, hindering the Blade Saint’s chase of the black-armored Berserker. The Tier 1 Swordsman also trailed behind him, waiting for an opportune moment to strike.

This is really annoying. Although Shi Feng had expected such a situation, he could not help his slight irritation.

Top-tier experts were top-tier experts for a reason. They were not as easy to deal with as other players. Although he was very fast, he was not fast enough that his enemies could not react. With the six of them cooperating perfectly, attacking and retreating simultaneously, Shi Feng simply could not find any gaps to attack.

As for using long-distance attacks such as Thundering Flash, Earth Splitter, and so on, these Skills casting times were too long. With these people’s skills, they could easily dodge Shi Feng’s long-range attacks. Moreover, using such Skills would also slow his movement, allowing these people to widen the gap between them, placing him at a disadvantage.

However, these people’s ranged attacks were also useless as Shi Feng dodged them easily. As for confronting him in melee combat, they did not have the courage. They would be gambling with their lives if they tried to take on Shi Feng’s attacks.

For a time, both sides were locked in a stalemate.

At this moment, War Wolf had shaken off the Boss and dashed towards Shi Feng with astonishing speed.

“Hahaha! Brat, you’re finished!” the silver-armored Berserker could not help but laugh when he saw War Wolf running over to help them.

War Wolf was a Shield Warrior. Not only did he possess a frightening Defense, but he also had a shield. Adding in War Wolf’s techniques, if he coordinated with them in melee combat, they could easily finish off Shi Feng. Most importantly, while they had a healer, Shi Feng did not. This battle’s result was clear for all to see.

“Encircle him; do not let him escape,” War Wolf hurriedly shouted in the team chat.

“Boss, you can count on us!” Overwhelming Smile’s twelve other elites suddenly emerged from their hiding spots, each of them holding a crimson bead. Once they circled Shi Feng, they immediately began chanting an incantation.

Suddenly, a massive flame barrier rose from the ground, creating a dome that trapped Shi Feng and the others inside.

“Brat, you’re really not simple. We even have to use the Sealing Beads that we obtained from Hell Mode Team Dungeons after going through much difficulty to deal with you. Don’t even dream of escaping now,” the silver-armored Berserker laughed.

No one was allowed to leave the sealing barrier. Unless Shi Feng possessed a Skill with tremendous destructive power, he would have to wait until the barrier exhausted its power. Meanwhile, the barrier had a duration of 15 minutes. It was more than enough to deal with Shi Feng.

“Isn’t he just one extra person? Do you guys really think you can handle me?” Shi Feng retorted with a laugh.

“You underestimate the effect one extra person can have. Even before this, you couldn’t do anything to us. With Boss Wolf’s help, we will break the balance and kill you. Don’t blame us for ganging up on you. You’re the one who ambushed us. Next time, make sure you think twice about who you attack,” the silver-armored Berserker sneered confidently.

“If six of you are just barely a match for me, I wonder how the seven will cope with two?” Shi Feng could not help but ask.

Although Shi Feng’s voice was soft, everyone’s chests tightened.

Even with War Wolf’s powerful aid, they felt that they would only have a 60% chance of taking down Shi Feng. If another expert popped up, then…

“Two? Do you think I’m a fool? Once this barrier is up, nobody is allowed to enter or leave!” the silver-armored Berserker refused to believe Shi Feng’s claim.

However, the moment he finished speaking, another person suddenly appeared by Shi Feng’s side. Moreover, this person was a twin of their enemy. The killing intent this person radiated could similarly make one’s heart skip a beat.