Chapter 525

Every member of War Wolf’s elite team was stunned when they saw two Shi Fengs in front of them.

“What’s going on here?”

One Shi Feng had already given them plenty of trouble, and they even required War Wolf’s help if they wanted any hope of defeating him. Now that there were two, what were they supposed to do?

“A doppelganger, huh?” War Wolf remained calm despite the sudden appearance of another Shi Feng, and he immediately thought of a possibility.

In God’s Domain, aside from the Skills of the various classes, there was also a large variety of General Skills. A Skill capable of producing a doppelganger was not entirely impossible. It was just like how Summoners could summon powerful monsters.

When the others on the team heard War Wolf’s statement, they realized that this was actually quite possible. Otherwise, how would they explain the situation before them? Everyone instantly released a sigh of relief.

Although a doppelganger possessed some lethality, at the end of the day, a doppelganger was still a doppelganger.

However, they quickly realized that they were sorely mistaken.

They were outrageously wrong.

The instant Shi Feng’s doppelganger showed itself, it dashed towards the Tier 1 Swordsman. Although the speed of the doppelganger’s sword was not as frightening as the real Shi Feng’s, every one of the doppelganger’s attacks forced the Tier 1 Swordsman to take three to five steps back before he could stabilize himself. The Tier 1 Swordsman was even forced to activate Defensive Blade to hold off the doppelganger’s assault.

“I’ll help you!” the black-armored Berserker rushed towards Shi Feng’s doppelganger, brandishing his battle axe.

However, even with the aid of a top-tier Berserker, the Tier 1 Swordsman’s HP rapidly decreased. The team’s Tier 1 Cleric had no choice but to heal the Tier 1 Swordsman constantly to stabilize the latter’s HP.

The doppelganger’s combat power flustered every one of its enemies.

“Leave the doppelganger to me. Since it is a Skill, there is definitely a duration. Once the duration ends, we will deal with the person himself,” War Wolf snarled. He then used Charge and arrived before the doppelganger.

Shi Feng had to admit that War Wolf was indeed an expert who had already set foot into the Refinement Realm. Both his attacks and evasion were extremely accurate and meticulous. He always achieved the greatest of effects using the smallest of actions. In addition, that massive shield of his allowed him to guard the majority of his body from the doppelganger’s attacks easily. Despite being forced into a constant retreat by the doppelganger’s every move, his body remained as steady as a mountain.

Amazing. If Cola was as skilled as War Wolf right now, we could definitely try to raid a 50-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon. Shi Feng pitied his situation while he watched War Wolf.

With War Wolf pinning down the doppelganger, the remaining six experts kept Shi Feng in check while they bided their time.

However, before anyone could catch a breather, twelve swords suddenly appeared hovering around Shi Feng. Just looking at the gleaming edges of the blades made one’s scalp tingle.

“Since you guys see nothing wrong with ganging up on others, there’s nothing wrong with me using my doppelganger and these twelve swords to deal with the seven of you, right? Don’t call me a bully, alright?” Shi Feng smiled faintly. He then controlled the twelve Abyssal Blade phantoms to attack the six experts.

Suddenly, the silver-armored Berserker and the other experts paled, their words sticking in their throats.

Although the twelve Abyssal Blade phantoms did not contain much power, their damage was still significant; they could cause up to 45% of Shi Feng’s damage. In addition, the phantoms were small, fast, and nimble, making it extremely difficult to avoid their strikes. While the melee classes could cope, but barely, with the phantoms, the same did not hold true for the ranged classes. It was especially true for the Cleric. Preserving his own life had become an arduous task, much less doing so and healing his team.

After fighting for only a short moment, War Wolf and the other top-tier experts were miserable.

The Overwhelming Smile members watching from outside the barrier were utterly dumbfounded.

Even if everyone present was a fool, they could tell just how powerful Shi Feng was.

By now, it was obvious that Shi Feng had merely been toying with the six experts during their previous exchange.

At this moment, Shi Feng stood on the sidelines and watched the battle. By relying on the doppelganger and twelve swords, he had already beaten Overwhelming Smile’s prided peak combat force into submission. If he joined the battle, couldn’t he wipe them out anytime he wanted?

“Just who are you?” War Wolf demanded, his confusion evident on his face.

Such a powerful expert would not just coincidentally ambush them. He must have a purpose for doing so.

However, instead of replying to War Wolf’s question, Shi Feng silently pointed the Abyssal Blade towards the sky.

Suddenly, countless swords of light appeared above the silver-armored Berserker and the others, completely enveloping the seven people. Then, like raindrops, the swords of light descended.

This Skill was none other than the Tier 1 Skill Shi Feng had learned when he became a Blade Saint—Skywheel Sword.

[Skywheel Sword]

Inflicts 1,000 base damage plus 200% weapon damage to all enemies within a radius of 20 yards. Also seals all enemies within range, preventing them from leaving the area for 4 seconds.

Previously, Nine Dragons Slash had forced everyone to use up almost all of their Lifesaving Skills. Among the experts, the Elementalist and Cleric had both exhausted theirs.

Faced with the rain of swords, the two ranged players could only quietly go to their deaths…

Meanwhile, the remaining two Tier 1 Berserkers, the Tier 1 Swordsman, and the Tier 1 Ranger had less than a third of their HPs remaining after the Skywheel Sword’s descent. They were also trapped in a 20-yard radius area.

Using Silent Steps, Shi Feng appeared behind the Tier 1 Ranger. Although Rangers possessed melee combat capabilities, Shi Feng had caught him completely off-guard. A sword of light flashed across the Ranger’s body, and without offering the slightest resistance, the Ranger, too, fell lifelessly to the ground, his equipment scattering around his body.

“Damn it!” War Wolf’s eyes turned bloodshot with rage. Although he wanted to save his companions, he already had his hands full dealing with the doppelganger before him.

At this moment, he was overwhelmed with regret. Just why had he used a barrier to trap his own men with this kind of monster? Moreover, the barrier lasted 15 long minutes…

“Everyone outside, hurry up and escape!” War Wolf was helpless as he shouted this command.

“Boss Wolf!”

The Overwhelming Smile team members outside the barrier nodded and scattered. As they ran, they began to contact the other members of Overwhelming Smile, asking for reinforcements. However, they knew that no one could save War Wolf and the others; there was not enough time.

Inside the barrier, though the silver-armored Berserker and the other two experts tried to attack Shi Feng as a group, the gap between their Strength and speed and their enemy’s was simply too massive. Without needing any Skills, Shi Feng easily finished off the three of players after brandishing his swords a dozen times or so.

As for War Wolf…

Shi Feng was done playing around. He immediately instructed his doppelganger to activate Blade Liberation.

Blade Liberation was a Skill that he had learned himself, not a Skill that he acquired with his equipment. Since the doppelganger could utilize all of the Skills he had learned, it was naturally capable of using the Tier 1 Berserker Skill, Blade Liberation, as well.

Instantly, both the doppelganger’s Strength and Agility increased by 80%. At this moment, the doppelganger’s Strength and Agility had even surpassed Shi Feng himself.

In the next moment, countless swords of light clashed with War Wolf’s massive red shield, producing a continuous stream of rings. The barrage of powerful attacks sent War Wolf flying. As he tried to stabilize his body in midair, he suddenly discovered Shi Feng’s doppelganger before him. Hurriedly, War Wolf raised his shield in an attempt to protect his body. Shockingly, however, the doppelganger’s sword passed through his shield and struck his body, dealing over -1,000 damage.

This move was none other than the Skill specifically meant for targeting MTs, Illusory Shadow. Once this Skill was used, the doppelganger’s attacks could only be dodged, and not blocked. At this moment, War Wolf’s towering shield was practically non-existent. Moreover, he could not control his body while he flew through the air, making it impossible to dodge the doppelganger’s attacks.

Attack after attack assaulted War Wolf. The doppelganger attacked the Shield Warrior six times in a row, and of them, three had triggered a critical hit, dealing close to -3,000 damage.

In the blink of an eye, War Wolf’s body fell to the ground, his nearly 7,000 HP reaching zero.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng had activated Space Movement and instantly appeared before the twelve escaping Overwhelming Smile members. He then finished off each player with a single hit, letting none escape the Dragonmen’s Nest.