Chapter 522

While War Wolf’s team of twenty cautiously faced-off against the Magic Eye Dragonman, the other Overwhelming Smile members watched excitedly, hoping to learn War Wolf and his team’s techniques. They yearned to become one of those twenty players on the team and were enchanted by the battle; they paid no attention whatsoever to their surroundings.

It was not because they were foolish, but because Overwhelming Smile’s prestige in Maple City made them untouchable. No one would dare to provoke them. Furthermore, it was currently night-time, and there were fewer players out in the field grinding and leveling up. Even if someone were plotting against them, they had so many players on their team. There were even top-tier experts in their midst. They had no reason to fear anyone.

“Boss Wolf is really amazing. Despite facing so many magical attacks, he has not once received any magical damage from the Boss.”

“I know, right? If I had just half of Boss Wolf’s abilities, I could easily become the Chief MT of other first-rate Guilds.”

“Half? In my opinion, one-third would be enough to become the Chief MT of Star-Moon Kingdom. Didn’t you see how Boss War Wolf tanked the Final Boss of a 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon all by himself? Even when the previous two MTs had all of the healers on them, the Final Boss still took them out easily. Meanwhile, after Boss War Wolf arrived, he tanked the Boss all by himself and only required one healer to keep him alive. My jaw nearly hit the ground.”

When the spectating crowd spoke about War Wolf, admiration for the Shield Warrior filled their hearts.

Due to War Wolf’s appearance, the 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons that had previously given Overwhelming Smile a headache had become very easy to raid. If not for the 50-man large scale Team Dungeons having too high of a requirement, Overwhelming Smile would have long since obtained the First Clear.

“Huh? Why does it suddenly feel hot?”

“Hot? Now that you mention it, you’re right. Isn’t it night-time right now?”

Several players began to glance around, searching for the source of the sudden heat. However, they had not noticed anything in particular.

“Wait, above us!” a vigilant Assassin shouted as he pointed towards the sky.

Immediately, everyone shifted their gazes upward, only to find an endless stream of fire-type mana gathering above their heads, condensing into a fire that rained down on them. Meanwhile, a spinning wall of flames had appeared around them. The ground beneath their feet also began to boil.

This phenomenon was none other than Shi Feng’s Firestorm.

After Shi Feng had upgraded the Seven Luminaries Ring, the Level 7 Firestorm now had an effective radius of 30 yards, and the Skill shrouded all 80 spectating players.

Before Overwhelming Smile’s elites could react, a damage of over -10,000 points appeared above each of their heads…

War Wolf had the highest HP in Overwhelming Smile, yet, even he only had close to 7,000 HP. After a storm of flames swept through the crowd, silence permeated the area. All 80 members of Overwhelming Smile had been reduced to ash. Due to Haunted’s effect, the drop-rate of all of the players Shi Feng had killed had multiplied. Moreover, due to Shi Feng absorbing their Immortal Souls…

Not only had these players lost their levels and equipment, but they were also barred from logging into God’s Domain for a long period.

“Good. Only you guys are left.”

Hiding a short distance away, Shi Feng revealed a satisfied smile. This was the fearsome aspect of large-scale destruction spells. In the past, there had been a saying in God’s Domain: one would rather incur the ire of a God-tier Assassin rather than provoke a player with large-scale destruction spells.

God-tier Assassins were only powerful against individual players. However, a player who knew large-scale destruction spells could annihilate an entire army by themselves. If a God-tier Assassin was likened to a sniper rifle, then a player with large-scale destruction spells was like a strategic missile; they were a Guild’s worst nightmare.

In the past, the Midnight Tea Party had stood on equal footing with Super Guilds because they had a Mage God and Curse God on their team. These two players had possessed an arsenal of large-scale destruction spells. To them, an army of thousands was no different than floating clouds. A single Tier 6 large-scale destruction spell could easily wipe out the entire army.

After killing the 80 Overwhelming Smile members, Shi Feng did not bother picking up the loot scattered across the ground. Instead, he charged towards War Wolf, who currently raged against the Magic Eye Dragonman.

Firestorm’s commotion would not have escaped the notice of War Wolf’s team. While both sides were engaged in an intense battle, Shi Feng could not waste this opportunity by picking up loot.

“Boss Wolf, the members on standby have been wiped out. What are we supposed to do now?” Shadowless Rat asked, a lingering fear in his eyes as he watched the raging inferno that faded gradually. At this moment, the names of their team members on stand-by had turned gray.

“Retreat for now. Otherwise, our chances of victory will be too low if we have to fight the Boss while dealing with this new enemy,” War Wolf immediately shouted in the team chat. “I’ll cover for you guys. Everyone, retreat!”

One had to admit that War Wolf’s team was very skilled. Despite realizing that a new enemy had arrived, they still retreated in an orderly manner. War Wolf also retreated slowly as he held off the Boss.

“Only one person?” While Shadowless Rat pulled away from the Boss battle, he suddenly noticed a black figure dashing towards them. He sighed with relief at the sight. Licking the corner of his lips, he sneered and said, “Boss Wolf, leave this bastard to me. He actually thinks he can provoke us and plunder our treasures? I’ll teach him a lesson.”

Saying so, Shadowless Rat activated Wind Steps and dashed to meet the cloaked figure.

Initially, War Wolf had intended to stop the Assassin. However, after giving it some thought, he changed his mind.

Seeing the enemy’s Movement Speed, War Wolf had already managed to judge the enemy’s strength. Although the enemy was an expert and possessed good Attributes, he was still far from being a match for Shadowless Rat.

War Wolf was very familiar with Shadowless Rat’s strength. Among the eight top-tier experts, the Assassin ranked third in one-on-one combat. He was more than enough to deal with an ordinary expert. Moreover, they had already destroyed 50% of the Boss’s HP. It would be a huge waste if they had to start all over again.

Before, he had worried that the enemy was very powerful due to the fact that the latter possessed a large-scale destruction spell. Ordinary players could never possess such Skills. At the very least, the enemy should be an extremely powerful expert or someone with the backing of a large Guild. If it were someone targeting Overwhelming Smile as a whole, they would have no choice but to retreat. After all, with Overwhelming Smile’s high prestige in Maple City, the enemy would have sent a team of several hundred players to deal with their 100-man team. However, since there was only one attacker, it should only be an expert trying to plunder their items. Shadowless Rat was more than enough to deal with such an expert. If Shadowless Rat was not enough, they could just send someone to help the Assassin.

With their combat techniques, it was very dangerous for them to fight against the Boss while fending off several hundred players. However, since the enemy was alone, one person should be enough to deal with the problem. The rest could focus on the Boss.

When Shadowless Rat was only 30 yards away from Shi Feng, he activated Stealth. He intended to finish off Shi Feng with a chain of attacks.

However, who was Shi Feng?

Under the gaze of Omniscient Eyes, no enemies could hide from Shi Feng. Up till now, Shi Feng had intentionally lowered his speed; he had not used his maximum.

Suddenly, Shi Feng’s speed increased.

Xiu!

Only an afterimage remained in Shi Feng’s original location.

“So fast!”

Shadowless Rat immediately panicked. He knew that he had encountered a tough opponent this time.

However, it was too late to retreat. The distance between him and Shi Feng was less than 20 yards. Activating Wind Blade, Shi Feng’s speed soared, and in the blink of an eye, he had arrived before Shadowless Rate. He immediately swung his sword down towards the Assassin.

Shadowless Rat was greatly surprised. However, his instincts as an expert allowed him to react to the attack. After grasping the trajectory of Shi Feng’s sword, he quickly moved his daggers to receive the attack.

In the next moment, however, a black streak of light cut across Shadowless Rat. The Assassin was then forced out of Stealth, a shocked expression on his face as he looked at the black hooded figure before him.

How could any attack possibly be so fast?! Shadowless Rat looked at his bloodied chest, his heart palpitating as his HP quickly bottomed out. He then crumbled to the ground, motionless.