Chapter 534

Maple City, Overwhelming Trading Firm:

“Master Aspiration, may I know if you are satisfied with the Overwhelming Trading Firm’s Advanced Alchemy Room?” Youlan asked softly as she watched the white-haired old man standing beside the workbench. Currently, this old man held a purple glass bottle and gently swirled it around.

Youlan was extra careful when dealing with this old man, Master Silent Aspiration, treating him with more respect than even Feng Xuanyang.

Although this white-haired old man was already past 70-years-old, even Underworld’s upper management had to show this man great respect, much less a young woman like herself.

Before Youlan had even been born, this old man had explored virtual reality games for many years. And throughout all these years, he had focused fully on the art of alchemy.

In this day and age, nobody in the virtual gaming world’s alchemy industry did not know the name Silent Aspiration.

Old Man Silent Aspiration was already a Basic Alchemist. Meanwhile, if Shi Feng could see the potion this old man was concocting right now, he would find it both shocking and familiar.

The potion in the glass bottle was a Fire Resistance Potion. However, it was not just any Fire Resistance Potion. It was a modified variation. In the past, this potion had been known as the Fire Dragon Potion, and it had been extremely famous throughout God’s Domain. Not only did it provide more Fire Resistance than a Basic Fire Resistance Potion, but its duration was also much longer. Most importantly, the Fire Dragon Potion increased a player’s Strength by 10 points during its duration. The Fire Dragon Potion’s effects could also stack to a maximum of 50 Strength and 100 Fire Resistance.

To an ordinary player, 50 Strength was a significant increase, not to mention experts.

“Not bad. I never expected that you, little girl, could actually obtain such a good bottle. This has finally allowed me to complete my newly-developed potion,” Silent Aspiration smiled at the red liquid inside the purple bottle. Satisfied, he said, “Sure enough, it is as I surmised. Not only will the Fire Resistance stack, but the Strength bonus will also stack. Seeing as the Basic version of the potion already possesses such wonderful effects, let’s call this the Fire Dragon Potion. Little girl, consider yourself lucky.”

“Master Aspiration, you truly are amazing. You are actually capable of producing such a powerful potion. May I know the success rate for this Fire Dragon Potion?” Youlan’s eyes lit up with joy when she saw the Fire Dragon Potion’s effects.

In order to convince Master Silent Aspiration to come to Maple City and help Overwhelming Smile, she had to go through much difficulty to obtain this set of Mysterious-Iron Alchemy Equipment.

However, compared to the value of this Fire Dragon Potion, a set of Mysterious-Iron Alchemy Equipment was nothing considerable.

“Relax. If this old man crafts the potions personally, my success rate is 50%, and though the success rate of other Alchemists might be below 30%, the materials I’ve used to concoct this potion are all common. It won’t do much harm to waste some,” Silent Aspiration laughed.

To develop the Fire Dragon Potion, he had invested a lot of time. Otherwise, he would have long since become an Intermediate Alchemist by now.

“Many thanks for Master Aspiration’s help. Now that we have the Fire Dragon Potion, as long as we nurture a large number of Alchemists, the Candlelight Trading Firm will no longer be a problem,” Youlan said confidently.

As the creator of the Fire Dragon Potion, Silent Aspiration could distribute its recipe to as many people as he wanted. It would be extremely easy for the Overwhelming Trading Firm to develop a small army of Alchemists.

Moreover, the Overwhelming Trading Firm would have exclusive rights to sell the Fire Dragon Potion. It was far more precious than any rare forging design or recipe. It was impossible for anyone outside the Trading Firm to produce it. With this potion, who could possibly challenge the Overwhelming Trading Firm?

“I’ve already produced what you requested. Little girl, if you wish to keep me here, you need to remember the Secret-Silver Equipment you promised me,” Silent Aspiration reminded her.

To this old man, nothing was more valuable than refining his alchemy. In particular, the alchemy in God’s Domain was unbelievable. If possible, he would’ve immersed himself in research every day. Unfortunately, his equipment was not good enough. Otherwise, he would not have bothered helping Youlan.

“Master Aspiration, please rest assured. I have already found some clues leading to the set. I believe that it won’t be long before we obtain a set of Secret-Silver Alchemy Equipment for you,” Youlan guaranteed. “In the meantime, however, I will have to trouble Master Aspiration to produce a few more Fire Dragon Potion Recipes. That way, I can earn the money required to buy the Alchemy Equipment quickly.”

“This is a simple task,” Silent Aspiration laughed.

—

As time passed by, the various Guilds throughout God’s Domain no longer competed over Dungeons. Instead, they had shifted their focus to competing in trade. This competition only grew fiercer as more time passed.

This shift had occurred because everyone had seen just how profitable the Candlelight Trading Firm was.

After just two short days, many Guilds had opened their own Shops. Even Ouroboros had opened a Shop in Star-Moon City, though the Shop was nowhere near the central district. However, Gentle Snow had not had much choice. She had seen just how much money the Candlelight Trading Firm raked in every day.

By the time Ouroboros collected enough Reputation points and Coins to purchase a golden Land, the Candlelight Trading Firm would have monopolized Star-Moon City’s trade. So, she made the decision to set up a Shop in the city’s outer district first. At the very least, the Guild could gain a small income of Coins this way.

Meanwhile, Overwhelming Smile was even more amazing. Not only had the Guild set up a Shop in Maple City, but it had also opened another Shop in White River City, challenging the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“Young Master Feng, everything has been prepared. At noon, we should have a sufficient stockpile of the Fire Dragon Potion. At that time, our men will announce the sales of the potion throughout White River City. Even if the Overwhelming Trading Firm is not situated in the golden areas, everyone will still swarm the Shop. Moreover, the Candlelight Trading Firm only has three people capable of producing the Basic Strengthened Armor Kits. When the time comes, it will fall to the Overwhelming Trading Firm.”

“Excellent! Youlan, you’ve done splendidly this time! You were actually able to obtain something as valuable as the Fire Dragon Potion. With this potion, the Overwhelming Trading Firm will lure a large number of players. We’ll reduce the prices for the other products as well. I want to see just how the Candlelight Trading Firm plans to compete!” Feng Xuanyang said gleefully.

Underworld had money and manpower. They could easily obtain a large stock of materials. In addition to Silent Aspiration’s unlimited supply of Fire Dragon Potion Recipes, each additional Basic Alchemist they nurtured would be one more capable of producing the Fire Dragon Potion. Currently, the Overwhelming Trading Firm already possessed six Basic Alchemists. As more time passed, that number would only increase. On the other hand, the Candlelight Trading Firm had no way to increase the number of Forgers who could craft Basic Strengthening Armor Kits, no matter how many Basic Forgers they hired. Meanwhile, Candlelight’s unsatisfied customers would naturally run to the Overwhelming Trading Firm.

After all, many Level 25 Dungeons required players to have Fire Resistance. One could say that the Fire Dragon Potion was more valuable to players than the Basic Strengthened Armor Kits. Moreover, every player only possessed limited funds. As the Fire Dragon Potion was cheaper than the Basic Strengthened Armor Kits, when comparing the benefits one could gain from the two, players would prioritize the Fire Dragon Potion.

—

While Feng Xuanyang fantasized about monopolizing White River City’s trade with the Overwhelming Trading Firm, Shi Feng’s work was in full swing.

To maximize the benefits of the Book of Gold, Shi Feng allowed all trustworthy Advanced Forging Apprentices to become Basic Forgers and had them produce Light Stones ceaselessly for two days.

As for Shi Feng himself, after becoming a Forger, he had unlocked the forging design for the Intermediate Mana Armor Kit. Hence, throughout the duration of the Book of Gold, he focused on forging Intermediate Armor Kits without rest.

In addition, during this time, Shi Feng had secretly recruited Gentle Snow’s help to establish a few Candlelight Trading Firms in several other major cities, particularly the major cities in Star-Moon Kingdom’s Eastern Region. However, as Shi Feng’s money was limited, he had only established Basic Shops in these cities’ outer districts.

To establish these Shops, Shi Feng had invested all of the money he had earned during this time. He even spent the money the Guild had earned through Guild Quests.

“Guild Leader, we have met out intended goal. We can begin operations at any time,” Melancholic Smile reported. Although she was somewhat tired, excitement filled her eyes.