Chapter 535

“Begin selling them in the Shops, then.” Shi Feng nodded.

During the past two days, Shi Feng had nearly a hundred Basic Forgers produce Light Stones constantly. Their stock of Light Stones was enough to supply multiple cities. In addition, the Proficiency gained during this period had allowed many Advanced Forging Apprentices to earn the promotion to Basic Forgers. With this, they could meet the public’s demand even after their current stockpile ran out.

“Guild Leader, how much should we sell them for?” Melancholic Smile ask.

Previously, she had focused on her work fully, giving no thought as to how much they should sell the Light Stones for.

The materials used to produce the Light Stones were very common. A 20-piece stack of Light Stones cost less than 3 Silver to craft. Factoring in a Basic Forger’s success rate, which was just slightly above 50%, the total cost would be around 6 Silver per stack.

“Simple. Sell each piece for 1 Silver and each stack for 19 Silver,” Shi Feng stated directly.

Unlike the Basic Strengthened Armor Kits, which were considered luxury items to most ordinary players, Light Stones were commonly-used items. So, its price was also very low.

In the past, the starting price for Light Stones had also been roughly 1 Silver per piece. Any higher and players would begin to feel cheated. However, as the number of players who could produce the item increased, the Light Stone’s price would eventually fall to 50 Copper per piece and 10 Silver per stack.

“What about the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits?” Melancholic Smile asked.

In reality, Melancholic Smile didn’t believe that the Light Stones were Candlelight Trading Firm’s trump card; rather, she believed that their success lay in the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits.

Only Shi Feng could produce the Intermediate Armor Kit as nobody else had the design. This was the Candlelight Trading Firm’s greatest advantage. Others might not realize this, but the reason behind Starstreak Trading Firm’s fierce competitive edge was the Basic Mana Armor Kit.

Even now, the Basic Mana Armor Kits were still highly sought after by elite players.

[Intermediate Mana Armor Kit]

Can be made into either Physical or Magical Intermediate Armor Kit.

Bound to character after equipping.

[Intermediate Physical Armor Kit]

Defense +200

Strength +10, Endurance +12, Agility +10

Maximum binding limit per character: 3

Can only be bound to Level 25 equipment or above.

[Intermediate Magical Armor Kit]

Defense +60

Intelligence +10, Endurance +12, Vitality +10

Maximum binding limit per character: 3

Can only be bound to Level 25 equipment or above.

If a player equipped three Intermediate Mana Armor Kits, the total Attributes they received would be the equivalent of wearing an additional piece of Level 25 Dark-Gold Equipment.

One could not buy Level 25 Dark-Gold Equipment through the market even if they had the money. Many people offered prices of 20 Gold or more for non-MT Dark-Gold Equipment, not to mention Dark-Gold Weapons and equipment for MTs.

Currently, God’s Domain’s elite players were around Level 25, so they could conveniently use the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits. Hence, now was the best time to sell them.

However, it was also this reason that made it difficult for Shi Feng to set the price for the kits.

He could neither sell it too cheap nor too expensive. Moreover, there was also the fact that he wouldn’t have a lot of free time to produce the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits.

“Let’s set them a 5 Gold for now,” Shi Feng said after pondering for a long moment. Although the various Guilds currently busied themselves with commerce and had already spent a significant sum of money, they should still possess a small amount of Gold. To claim the First Clears of large-scale Team Dungeons, they would have no qualms about spending several hundred Gold to equip a team fully with Intermediate Mana Armor Kits.

Following which, Melancholic Smile began to prepare.

Meanwhile, the Overwhelming Trading Firm had also begun selling the Fire Dragon Potions.

“This Fire Dragon Potion is awesome! It can stack Attributes and Fire Resistance! With this potion, raiding Level 25 Team Dungeons will be a breeze!”

“The only downside is the price. Each bottle actually costs 10 Silver. The MT alone will require five bottles per run. Everyone else in the team will have to drink at least one bottle as well.”

“What can you do about it? The Overwhelming Trading Firm is the only place that sells this potion. However, if we can successfully raid 10- and 20-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons, we will more than earn back the cost.”

Overwhelming Smile’s advertising had been very well-timed. As the Fire Dragon Potions went on sale, people began to promote the potion at the various lively locations throughout White River City. As a result, many teams, who had struggled with the Level 25 Dungeons that required high Fire Resistance, grew interested, and they had promptly run towards the Overwhelming Trading Firm to purchase the Fire Dragon Potion.

—

Shortly after the Fire Dragon Promotion went up for sale, some of the players visiting the Candlelight Trading Firm to purchase daily necessities discovered that something had changed.

There were several new counters in the hall on the first floor. Initially, due to the recent increase to Candlelight’s space, the first floor had felt relatively empty. Now, however, it was just right.

“What is this?” curious players quickly flocked around the new counters.

“Hello, sir, this is our Candlelight Trading Firm’s newest product, the Light Stone. With this item, you won’t have to worry about not being able to grind at night…” the NPC beauty slowly explained.

To ordinary players, nothing was more of a headache than grinding at night. At night, not only was monsters’ vision unaffected, but there was also a certain increase to monsters’ combat power. On the other hand, players’ vision was considerably limited during night-time, significantly affecting their combat power. However, this was still not the biggest problem. At night, because of the vision problem, it was much easier for monsters to ambush parties. Hence, ordinary players were normally afraid of grinding monsters in the dark.

Meanwhile, the Light Stone just happened to brightly illuminate a large area, allowing players to see as if it were daylight. With this item, not only would monsters’ strength remain unchanged, but it was also easier for players to avoid ambushes. Since players would be able to see as normal, they could also fight with their usual combat power, so grinding monsters would be as easy as it was during the day.

“Crap, there’s actually such a good item available? How much is it?” a player asked.

“As this is a new product, we are selling each Light Stone at the low price of 1 Silver Coin. You can also buy a stack of 20 at a discounted price of 19 Silver Coins,” the NPC beauty smiled brightly as she spoke.

“It’s so cheap! I want one stack!”

“Wait, I want two stacks!”

…

Suddenly, the players inside the hall began to purchase Light Stones madly. Although ordinary players did not make a lot of money, they normally formed parties when grinding in the fields. If they split the cost of 19 Silver between each party member, they could easily afford the Light Stones. Moreover, each stack of Light Stones could last a party up to two nights.

As long as one casually tallied up the accounts, the majority of the independent players would not miss out on this opportunity.

An ordinary party could definitely earn more than 19 Silver Coins from two nights of grinding, not to mention an elite party.

Very quickly, news of the Light Stones spread. Players who received the news immediately disregarded whatever they were currently doing and hurried to the Candlelight Trading Firm.

For a time, the Light Stones became far more popular than the Fire Dragon Potion.

“What? You’re saying that the Candlelight Trading Firm is selling Light Stones in large quantities?” Feng Xuanyang was baffled when he heard this latest report from his subordinate. “How is that possible?! We even have to limit the number of Fire Dragon Potions we sell each day! How could they possibly afford to sell Light Stones in large quantities?! Where are they finding so many people to produce them?!”

He had spent more than 50 million Credits just to poach the three people capable of producing the Light Stones from the Candlelight Trading Firm, yet, now, the Trading Firm was still able to offer so many Light Stones. How could he possibly believe such a ludicrous report?

Wasn’t that item extremely rare and precious?

How could there be so many Light Stones suddenly popping up? Even if the three Forgers of Candlelight focused on producing Light Stones without rest, it would not be possible to produce so many!

“Young Master Feng, this information has been verified. It is real. Based on our initial estimates, more than 1,500 stacks of Light Stones have already sold. Even so, the Candlelight Trading Firm continues to sell them without limit. Now, many of the Overwhelming Trading Firm’s customers have already run to the Candlelight Trading Firm to shop.”

“Shit! Shit! They scammed me of more than 50 million Credits! They will pay for this!” At this moment, Feng Xuanyang finally came to a realization. The previous three Advanced Forging Apprentices had been a trap set by the Candlelight Trading Firm.

He had lost over 50 million Credits, just like that. Moreover, it had all been his own money.

“Instruct someone purchase Light Stones immediately! Buy as many as you can! I don’t believe that they have an unlimited supply!” Feng Xuanyang commanded furiously.