Chapter 533

When the group heard Shi Feng’s introduction, they were dumbfounded.

Everyone present knew just how precious a martial arts master was.

Many professional fighters would do anything just to receive advice from a martial arts master, let alone personal tutorage.

Moreover, their instructor was a top-tier master. Never in their dreams would something like this happen. For a second, Blackie and the others even thought that they had heard wrong.

However, after spending time in God’s Domain, everyone’s senses had improved considerably. By now, they were already capable of making a rough estimate of another person’s strength.

Lei Bao also made no attempt to hide his beastlike aura in the slightest. Just basking in his aura made their bodies feel heavier. If not for Shi Feng standing beside Lei Bao, they would’ve fled immediately as this oppressive feeling was truly unbearable.

Although none of them knew Lei Bao’s exact strength, none of them doubted that Lei Bao could wipe the floor with all of them in less than ten seconds.

“Master Lei Bao, I’ll have to trouble you, then.” Shi Feng could see everyone’s surprise and knew how incredulous of a situation was. However, this was all definitely real. Not even famous professional fighters would have access to these benefits. If Blackie and the others could not improve with Lei Bao’s help, then he really had no other means of helping them.

In the past, under Shadow’s arrangement, Shi Feng had sought out many masters to learn from. He had not been as lucky as Blackie and the others. Being stood up by a martial arts master after several weeks of waiting was a normal occurrence to Shi Feng. As for personal tutorage? That was just a dream.

“No problem. Since we agreed upon this beforehand, I will hold up my end of our bargain.” Lei Bao nodded. He then shifted his gaze to Blackie and the others, faintly smiling, he said, “All of you, follow me. I’ll have a look at your foundations before planning your training.”

Under Lei Bao’s watchful gaze, everyone felt their hair stand on end. They all had a bad premonition about what was to come. Unfortunately, with Lei Bao’s personality, even if they did not want the training, he would not show any mercy.

“Guild Leader…” The group sent pitiful looks towards Shi Feng.

However, Shi Feng only waved them off.

With Lei Bao’s training, Shi Feng hoped that they could learn how to control their bodies more efficiently. Once they learned that control, they could display frightening combat power in God’s Domain.

When it came to control over one’s body, Lei Bao had reached perfection. That he had reached the standard of Tiger Roaring showed that Lei Bao knew a unique method to train his physical control. Otherwise, he could never train his body to the degree of merging his internal and external power. Compared to a half-baked martial arts master like Shi Feng, Lei Bao was a powerhouse.

While Lei Bao trained Blackie and the others, Shi Feng did not remain idle as he headed towards the Greenwater Villa’s gravity training room.

Now that Shi Feng’s brain activity had significantly improved, if he wished to control the lock on his physical power completely, he needed to possess sufficient strength. Otherwise, his body would crumble, unable to withstand the sudden release in power. Lei Bao, on the other hand, was different. He was a true martial artist, someone who had trained in the arts since he was young. Even if he released the limiter his brain had placed on his body, his body could easily handle the additional power.

The gravity training room would help enhance physical toughness immensely. There were also various medicine and healing cabins available for one to recuperate as they needed. Since Shi Feng had access to these facilities, he had to train as much as he could.

After Shi Feng had spent half the day training, Liang Jing had finished with her tasks at the Greenwater Villa. Currently, every Zero Wing member had a virtual gaming cabin in their room, coupled with an unlimited supply of A-rank Nutrient Fluids. However, the most valuable item was still the S-rank Nutrient Fluids; each person had received one bottle. With it, everyone could fully replenish their brain’s energy.

Such expenditure had left even Liang Jing, someone who had seen various aspects of high society before, stunned.

Not only was there a top-tier martial arts master serving as an instructor, but everyone had also been provided with a bottle of S-rank Nutrient Fluids.

How was this supposed to be training for professional gamers? Those who did not know better might even think that these youths trained to participate in the national fighting competition…

Was such extravagance necessary just to play a game?

Shi Feng could very much relate to Liang Jing. The chances of a single Guild currently spending so much to nurture their experts were nil. The same could be said even for Super Guilds. However, that was simply because no one had realized the importance of a top-tier expert yet.

Moreover, God’s Domain had only recently become popular, so its influence over the real world was still very faint. However, with the passing of time, God’s Domain’s popularity would grow, and soon, it would become a part of everyone’s daily life, becoming a true second world of mankind. People had the chance to live a different life in God’s Domain. They could explore all the mysteries this new world had to offer and perform feats that were normally impossible. The wealth one could earn in the game was immeasurable, and various fighting competitions would come to God’s Domain. These competitions were even more exciting than the fights in the real world.

After Shi Feng instructed everyone on their combat techniques in game, he retired to his room and logged in, beginning a new day in God’s Domain.

The moment Shi Feng logged in, he began to open Twilight Treasure Chests.

Without hesitation, he activated Divine Providence and sacrificed 100 Life Force points.

Inside the quiet forging room, the twelve Twilight Treasure Chests on the floor released a dazzling aurora that filled the room.

“Huh? It can’t be, right? It’s possible to obtain this, too?” Shi Feng looked at the golden book in his hand.

Shi Feng was already relatively happy about being able to obtain several more pieces of Tier 1 Set Equipment from the twelve treasure chests. However, upon seeing this glowing golden book, his joy became utter shock.

The Book of Gold!

This was the best possible item a Lifestyle Guild could obtain from the Twilight Treasure Chest.

This book was not any ordinary item. It was a Consumable item that would vanish after use.

To an individual Lifestyle player, this book’s effects were not particularly significant. To a Lifestyle Guild, however, it surpassed even that of an Epic item.

[Book of Gold] (Consumable)

Permanently increases the proficiency of a single player’s Lifestyle Skill by one rank to a maximum of Master rank. Can also be used to increase the proficiency of 100 players’ Lifestyle Skills by one rank to a maximum of Advanced Forger, for two days.

“With this item, I can temporarily promote those Advanced Forging Apprentices to Basic Forgers and promote Cream Cocoa and the others to Intermediate Forgers, significantly increasing their production speed and success rate.” Shi Feng could already imagine just how frightening the Candlelight Trading Firm would become with a sudden influx of so many Basic Forgers.

Although there was only a gap of one rank between a Basic Forger and an Advanced Forging Apprentice, it was a massive gap.

Using the Light Stones as an example, while Advanced Forging Apprentices only had a success rate of 20% to 30%, Basic Forgers had a success rate of 60% or higher. Not to mention, many items required one to be at least a Basic Forger to craft them.

Until now, there were only three Basic Forgers in all of White River City: Melancholic Smile and the other two. Other cities might not even have one Basic Forger, let alone three.

If the Candlelight Trading Firm had 100 Forgers, its impact on the market would be astronomical. Most likely, even if one added together all the Forgers throughout Star-Moon Kingdom right now, that number would not even reach half of the Candlelight Trading Firm’s.

“Melancholic, contact all trustworthy Advanced Forging Apprentices immediately and have them gather in the fifth-floor meeting room.” Shi Feng did not wish to leave the Book of Gold unused.