Chapter 532

Shi Feng’s current status in society was worlds apart from what it had been.

Although he did not exude any sort of aura, from Liang Jing’s point of view, this silence weighed down on her.

Previously, she had belittled Shi Feng. Although she had not said anything, she had struggled to accept Xiao Yu’s instruction to escort a youthful little brat like Shi Feng to the assembly hall. Hence, she had purposefully treated Shi Feng with a little disrespect.

Now, however, Liang Jing regretted her actions.

She really shouldn’t have treated Shi Feng impertinently back then. After all, someone who could earn Chairman Xiao’s respect wouldn’t be an ordinary character, even if it were only a young man in his early twenties.

He can’t be thinking of replacing me, right? Liang Jing worried.

There were countless people out there who dreamed of becoming the assistant to a character like Shi Feng. In the VIP room that day, many of Jin Hai City’s influential figures had hoped to send Shi Feng assistants, taking the chance to deepen their relationship with the popular young man. Meanwhile, she had only received this job due to her advantage of being Xiao Yu’s most valued assistant. If Shi Feng dismissed her, only tragedy would await her…

She had seen countless wealthy and well-stated princelings who were immeasurably arrogant. These people got rid of anything or anyone that irked them. Meanwhile, a successful young man such as Shi Feng, whose status in society was far superior to even Xiao Yu’s, was even more likely to behave in such a way.

Watching Shi Feng’s solemn gaze, Liang Jing’s heartbeat accelerated.

Am I going to be fired, just like that? Liang Jing inwardly despaired.

Suddenly, Shi Feng spoke, “Miss Liang Jing, thank you for your trouble. I’ll leave to inspect the training grounds you’ve arranged in a moment.”

Although Shi Feng might appear to gaze at Liang Jing solemnly, in reality, he was simply pondering how he should go about making Liang Jing one of his people, liberating both Aqua Rose and Melancholic Smile’s potentials. He had not paid any attention to Liang Jing herself. However, after considering the matter for some time, he had not come up with a proper solution. Hence, he could only set the matter aside for now.

After all, Liang Jing was someone Xiao Yu had sent.

If Liang Jing became the manager of Zero Wing and the Candlelight Trading Firm, she would wield the core secrets of both organizations. Hence, Shi Feng needed to be careful with his decision.

Although Liang Jing’s management capabilities were extraordinary, he first needed to familiarize himself with her personality. He had time to make the decision after he got to know her a bit.

“Ah?” Liang Jing was surprised. Inadvertently, she breathed a sigh of relief. She had fully expected Shi Feng to dismiss her when he opened his mouth to speak. Hurriedly, she said, “Master Shi Feng, I’ll have a car sent to receive you immediately.”

—

Meanwhile, at the Big Dipper Training Center, the situation had undergone a massive transformation.

The training center’s employees were all in an extraordinarily good mood. Even the guests who frequented the training center were in a fiery mood.

The training center had regained its past popularity.

By now, everyone had heard the news that the Big Dipper Training Center had finally recruited a top-tier master to serve as an instructor.

In this age, where mankind focused on personal fitness, everyone placed great importance on their own physical condition. Only through proper training and the assistance of medicine could one significantly improve their lifespan.

In the past, people who had survived past the age of 100 were extremely rare. In today’s society, however, many were easily capable of living past 120 years old. In addition, they could retain their youth for a long period. In the past, one would practically lose all semblance of youth past the age of 50. Now, however, even after reaching 70 years old, some still possessed their youthful vigor and appearances as if they were in their forties. However, they were mostly martial arts masters. Ordinary people had yet to reach that level of health.

In the past, Taichi Grandmasters had lifespans surpassing 150 years. In the ancient world, that had practically been a miracle.

Nowadays, with the support of technology, it was not impossible for humans to live that long.

Hence, many people wished to strengthen their own bodies.

“Master Shi Feng, this is the training ground the company has prepared for you. What do you think?” Liang Jing pointed towards an exotic and elegant three-story villa.

Originally, the company had planned to turn this into a resort Gold status members or above. However, when Shi Feng requested a training ground that was free of disturbances, the only place they could think of that fit Shi Feng’s requirements was this villa. This villa was equipped with state-of-the-art training equipment, and the building’s surroundings were the best Big Dipper Training Center had to offer. There was even a gravity training room in the villa that could fit up to several hundred people at a single time.

When Liang Jing heard that the company had assigned this area to Shi Feng, she was greatly shocked.

This Greenwater Villa was Big Dipper’s treasure. Now, the company had actually given Shi Feng full authority over this place.

Liang Jing had only realized how important Shi Feng was to the company after this decision had been made.

“Not bad. This is an impressive location.” Shi Feng nodded his head with satisfaction. In reality, he had both visited and lived in the Greenwater Villa before. It was certainly a valuable area.

Shi Feng had even considered moving the Guild’s core members here, particularly the upper managers of the Workshop. Although the Workshop he had bought was quite good, the facilities available there were nothing compared to the Greenwater Villa.

“Miss Liang Jing, can I trouble you to ask Chairman Xiao to move all ten virtual gaming cabins we previously agreed upon here?” Shi Feng asked after giving it some thought.

Nurturing experts was easier said than done. Naturally, the more advanced the training and recovery facilities were, the more progress those experts could make. In particular, the gravity training room was immensely helpful to players. Hence, Shi Feng planned to move a portion of Zero Wing’s core members to the Greenwater Villa. He also intended to move here.

By doing so, he could give pointers to others at any time.

He could also scour for talents at the Big Dipper Training Center.

God’s Domain was unlike any other virtual reality game as it placed heavy emphasis on actual combat. The further one progressed in the game, the more realistic and difficult the battles would become. Producing experts would become much easier if he chose to nurture players who were already somewhat skilled in combat.

“Master Shi Feng, please rest assured. I will have the ten virtual gaming cabins installed in the Greenwater Villa by today. I will have the S-rank Nutrient Fluids sent over as well,” Liang Jing said slowly.

The Big Dipper Training Center had already gone all out this time. Both the virtual gaming cabins and the S-rank Nutrient Fluids were extremely difficult to obtain. However, in order to rope in Shi Feng, they spared no expense or effort.

Following which, Shi Feng notified Blackie and the other upper managers, having them come to Big Dipper’s Greenwater Villa.

“Brother Feng, am I dreaming? We can really live here?” Blackie asked with disbelief when he arrived before the Greenwater Villa.

For commoners like himself, the Big Dipper Training Center was a place he could not visit even if he wanted to. Only members were allowed here. As for the villa before him, normal members were probably not even allowed here. Yet, now, people like them had the chance to live in this villa.

They were merely professional gamers. To a massive existence like the Big Dipper Training Center, they were negligible.

Even Fire Dance, Violet Cloud, and the Five Demon Generals standing beside Blackie were stunned into silence. They were just commoners in real life. They did not dare consider entering such a high-class location. Even the Zero Wing Workshop Shi Feng had established had surprised them. They had never known that a gaming workshop could be so luxurious. Now, they were even more surprised. They were actually going to live in such a high-class villa.

Everyone had yet to learn about Shi Feng being a martial arts master, much less about the fight that made him famous overnight.

“Big Brother Shi Feng, I heard that the daily rental here is very expensive,” Violet Cloud worriedly commented.

“That’s right. Normally, each person has to pay several thousand Credits per day to stay here. However, from today onwards, this will be Zero Wing’s training base!” Shi Feng nodded. “It is not as easy to mingle in God’s Domain as you think it is. Hence, from today onwards, I will work with all of you frequently. However, I will only instruct you on your combat techniques in God’s Domain. I’ll leave your training in the real world to someone else.”

“Someone else?” everyone was surprised.

“That’s right. This is Master Lei Bao. He has only recently joined Zero Wing, and from today onwards, he will handle your daily training. This is a rare opportunity that many will never have no matter how much they wish for it, so you must cherish it,” Shi Feng introduced the martial arts master.

Although he was skilled in God’s Domain combat, he did not know how to train people in the real world. On the other hand, Lei Bao was a bona fide top-tier master, someone who was only a short distance away from reaching the realm of grandmaster. When it came to training people in the real world, Lei Bao was far more qualified than he was.