Chapter 547

Aqua Rose revealed a bitter smile as she watched Shi Feng’s departing figure.

However, when she considered the situation from a different perspective, Shi Feng’s decision was not necessarily a bad thing.

In the past, other than Super Guilds, there really weren’t any Guilds that had dared provoke the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

Now that Zero Wing had made a fuss, even if they were defeated, it would be a glorious defeat. Moreover, suffering defeat in God’s Domain did not equal annihilation.

God’s Domain was not as simple as other virtual reality games. Thoroughly annihilating a Guild was easier said than done. It was similar to Zero Wing’s efforts to chase Overwhelming Smile out of White River City. Despite having massacred Overwhelming Smile’s members, not only did the Guild still reside in White River City, but it was also getting by quite well. Only, the Guild was forced to maintain a low profile, and its development had slowed significantly.

Although the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had a lot of experts, and its financial prowess was enormous, it would not be able to extinguish Zero Wing in White River City easily.

Not to mention, Zero Wing also had the Candlelight Trading Firm supplying it with Coins.

“Alright, let’s head back and prepare. White River City won’t be so peaceful from now on.” Saying so, Aqua Rose left the Candlelight Trading Firm with Zero Wing’s core members.

—

Meanwhile, inside the VIP room on the second floor, Shi Feng had already begun to discuss business with Gentle Snow.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, this move of yours is truly incomprehensible,” Gentle Snow said, confusion plastered on her snow-white face. She could not help but ask, “Guild Leader Black Flame, you should know that there are a total of seven first-rate Guilds competing over the Black Dragon Empire. Although two of them are not based in the empire, they have invested a significant sum into the branch’s development. Yet, despite there being so many first-rate Guilds in the empire, only the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion has a Branch Guild set up in the imperial capital. None of the other first-rate Guilds have set up their Branch Guilds there yet. Do you know why?”

“The imperial capital isn’t a nice place to live.” Shi Feng laughed.

Gentle Snow rolled her eyes. He was clearly pretending to be stupid. Helpless, she explained, “That is because the Branch Leader there is Blood Dragon, one of Nine Dragons Emperor’s most formidable generals. Blood Dragon is a violent man, and he loves battles more than anything. He also has a group of experts under him called the Blood Legion. If any Guilds refuse to submit to the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion and dare to reside in the imperial capital, then this Blood Legion will come forward.

“The Blood Legion will secretly target these Guilds, going as far as to ambush the upper echelons even while still within the city limits.

“None of these first-rate Guilds wish to drop all pretense of cordiality with the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion and allow others to take advantage of the situation. Hence, they had no better option but to withdraw from the imperial capital and develop in other cities.

“If the Pavilion sends the Blood Legion to White River City, it won’t be a good thing for Zero Wing.”

Shi Feng simply revealed a faint smile in response to Gentle Snow’s words.

Naturally, he knew all of this information. Moreover, his understanding of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was even more thorough than Gentle Snow’s.

The Blood Legion’s fame was not one bit exaggerated. The Blood Legion was also known as the Assassination Legion, comprised of a group of Assassins that the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion had carefully nurtured. Anyone who opposed the Heavenly Dragon Legion would oftentimes find themselves killed back to Level 0 the following day. The result would not change even if one hid inside a city.

It was not an easy feat to kill players inside a city. It was especially so for a major city. Even if one managed to kill a player, the city guards would still kill them and deliver a severe punishment. In mild cases, this punishment would be a jail sentence of several days. In severe cases, it was highly possible that the guards would first execute the player multiple times, then jail them for a dozen days or so, and finally, chase them out of and bar entry to the city. If this player dared show their face in the city, the guards would execute them on the spot.

Unless that player did not mind losing a few Levels and being locked up for a few weeks, or they no longer wished to reside in the city any longer, they normally would not take action inside an NPC city.

During the initial stages of God’s Domain, the various large Guilds already wished they could split in two to hasten their development. One could just imagine how much of a loss it would be for a Guild to have its experts locked up for days or weeks.

Every Guild treated its experts like treasures. Losing an expert for a single day could cause immense damage to a Guild, not to mention a jail sentence of a few days.

However, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion paid these consequences no mind. They had plenty of experts to go around. This was the Pavilion’s strength.

“Forget it. I’ve already told you about the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. Since you made me wait so long, may I know how many Intermediate Mana Armor Kits Guild Leader Black Flame intends to sell to me?” Shi Feng’s unperturbed attitude left Gentle Snow utterly speechless. At this moment, however, her own situation did not look too well, either, so she could not be of any help even if she wanted to.

“Miss Snow, how many do you want?” Shi Feng simply laughed off Gentle Snow’s worries, not bothering to offer her any explanation. However, he knew that Gentle Snow sincerely wanted to help him. He also understood that she was currently powerless to help him.

Hearing Shi Feng’s question, Gentle Snow pondered for a moment before asking softly, “Do you have enough to gear a 50-man team?”

Everybody knew how precious the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits were. Even partnered Guilds were only allowed to purchase 21 kits at a time. That amount was only sufficient to gear nine players at most. Beyond that, it was extremely difficult to obtain any more kits, as all those who had managed to purchase them refused to part with them.

It was impossible for any Guild, other than Zero Wing, to obtain a sufficient number of Intermediate Mana Armor Kits to gear a 50-man team fully.

“Okay, but the Candlelight Trading Firm requires a large amount of rare materials. In the future, I will require Ouroboros to sell the majority of the materials it obtains to the Candlelight Trading Firm,” Shi Feng said.

Currently, Zero Wing was still capable of meeting the Candlelight Trading Firm’s demand. However, as the Firm developed, the materials it required would increase. At that time, Zero Wing alone would not be enough to satisfy the demand of the Candlelight Trading Firm. However, if a first-rate Guild like Ouroboros supplied the Firm, there would no longer be any problems.

“Once I return, I’ll instruct my subordinates to send you the materials.” Gentle Snow nodded in agreement. In any case, she was tight on money right now. If she could convert some of the Guild’s materials into Coins, it would help her greatly.

—

After Shi Feng and Gentle Snow concluded their trade, the matter of Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame, provoking the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had already spread throughout God’s Domain.

As a super-first-rate Guild, any minor matter relating to the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion would receive the attention of the various large Guilds in the virtual gaming world, not to mention a major incident such as a Guild openly insulting them.

For a time, everyone began to pay attention to the Star-Moon Kingdom, to Zero Wing, and to Black Flame.

“Crap, Black Flame must’ve gone insane! He actually dared to slap the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion in the face! Does he not want to play God’s Domain anymore?”

“What do you know? Black Flame is super amazing! He is a titled expert on the God’s Domain Ranking List! He has his own pride, naturally, so how could he possibly hand over the Candlelight Trading Firm he had built by himself?”

“I wonder what the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion will do?”

“Isn’t it obvious? If Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion does not flatten a Guild like Zero Wing, will it still qualify to be called a super-first-rate Guild?”

News and talk of the conflict between the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion and Zero Wing filled God’s Domain’s forums. As for Super Guilds, they, too, had fun watching from the sidelines.

—

Currently, while all of God’s Domain was in an uproar, the atmosphere inside one of White River City’s high-class restaurants was extremely awkward.

“Pavilion Master, leave this matter to this subordinate. I will give Black Flame more than what he bargained for,” the robust Blood Dragon requested respectfully.

“I never expected to encounter such a blind fool in this far-off city. Now, every player in God’s Domain knows of this incident. The Great Pavilion Master has even sent me a message personally, telling me to deal with this matter as visibly as possible and show those Super Guilds that the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion is no longer just a super-first-rate Guild. Rather, it is a Super Guild that stands on equal footing,” Nine Dragons Emperor said, a bone-chilling glint flashing in his eyes. Curling up his lips, he said, “Since the Great Pavilion Master has issued the command, we cannot take this matter lightly. Notify the War Dragon Legion and have them meet us here immediately. I want to destroy Zero Wing’s Guild Residence personally!”