Chapter 544

Zero Wing’s arrival had silenced the reception hall. At this moment, practically every Guild representative in the hall focused on Shi Feng.

“Why does it have to be him?”

“So that’s the case. It is no wonder the Candlelight Trading Firm set up its headquarters in White River City.”

Everyone suddenly came to a realization.

However, at the same time, the upper managers of the various large Guilds reevaluated their impression of Zero Wing.

The majority of the people present had not understood Zero Wing’s true strength. They had only read some reports about the Guild.

Before arriving in White River City, each Guild had investigated the various Guilds residing in White River City.

The reports had contained a lot of information about Zero Wing. Moreover, after the Guilds’ intelligence agents’ detailed investigation of the number one Guild in White River City, they had quite the high evaluation of Zero Wing.

Practically every agent had evaluated Zero Wing as a Guild that was above a second-rate Guild, but below a first-rate Guild. Meanwhile, Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame, was even Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one expert. Up till today, Black Flame had yet to suffer a single defeat. Even Overwhelming Smile, the Guild secretly supported by Underworld, could only hold the position of number two in White River City.

When everyone had received these reports, they had simply laughed it off and placed no particular importance on Zero Wing.

Now, however, the upper managers of the various large Guilds even considered firing those intelligence agents of theirs.

Just what had they investigated?

“How can Zero Wing be so powerful?” Galaxy Past’s expression became grim when he saw the members of Zero Wing.

“Guild Leader, the woman standing beside Black Flame, isn’t she Aqua Rose?” An indescribable bitterness welled up in Purple Eye’s heart when she saw Aqua Rose.

They were old acquaintances. In the past, Aqua Rose had once invited her to join Twilight Echo. However, she had rejected the offer.

She had been greatly shocked to find out that Aqua Rose had left Twilight Echo.

Twilight Echo was an even stronger Guild than the Star Alliance. However, Aqua Rose had left it without hesitation. Moreover, she had even joined a newly-established and unknown Guild after the fact.

When Purple Eye had received this news, she even thought she had heard wrong.

She had also felt it was somewhat unfortunate. A capable gamer such as Aqua Rose had taken such a foolish route.

Now, however, it would seem that Aqua Rose’s decision had not been the wrong one at all.

A Guild with a single expert was not particularly frightening. However, it was a different story if said Guild possessed a large group of experts. Moreover, looking at the nearly one hundred people who had entered the hall, each one of them wore equipment that could rival the best equipment the Star Alliance had to offer, so much so that the best-geared members of the Star Alliance were even inferior to some of Zero Wing’s core members. Furthermore, the Star Alliance could only scrape together, at most, enough equipment to gear a team of 20 players. It was absolutely impossible for them to equip a 100-man team.

One could just imagine how powerful Zero Wing’s background was.

Moreover, Aqua Rose’s current equipment actually consisted of only Dark-Gold Equipment. As for the dark-red staff in her hand, Purple Eye could not even begin to imagine its rank. However, judging from the amount of pressure it emitted, it was most likely above Dark-Gold rank.

Now that Zero Wing had displayed its strength, even Gentle Snow, who was very familiar with Zero Wing, was surprised, not to mention the Star Alliance, which was also a Star-Moon Kingdom Guild.

Regarding this revelation, Gentle Snow could only reveal a bitter smile. She did not know whether she should rejoice or lament right now.

Previously, when Shi Feng had offered to annex Ouroboros, she had thought that he was being wildly arrogant. However, looking at this dazzling and imposing 100-man team, there might not be a second Guild in all of Star-Moon Kingdom capable of building up such a team.

With the two first-rate Guilds of Star-Moon Kingdom reacting in such a way, there was no need to mention the Guilds that had come from a foreign country.

“Pavilion Master, this Zero Wing seems quite amazing! It has actually obtained so much Dark-Gold Equipment. Every one of these players also seem extraordinary, with a few even radiating dangerous auras!” a blue-haired girl with bright eyes and slender eyebrows sitting beside the Dragon Pavilion Master exclaimed, giggling. Contrary to her words, her actions made it seem as if she did not take Zero Wing seriously at all.

“As expected of the number one Guild of White River City. It really does possess an impressive number of experts. The equipment it possesses is even more surprising. Only, it is a pity that such good equipment is actually being wasted on these people,” the handsome youth stated, his gaze revealing a hint of greed.

He could not help but admit that the equipment worn by Zero Wing’s members was indeed amazing. Even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion did not have so much top-tier equipment, much less first-rate Guilds.

If he could snatch all of it away…

At that time, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion would definitely become a bona fide Super Guild. It might even become even more powerful than a few current Super Guilds.

“Pavilion Master, should I secretly rob them all?” the robust man named Blood Dragon asked softly.

“Let’s discuss it first.” The handsome youth waved his hand. Faintly smiling, he said, “Whether it is the Candlelight Trading Firm’s Intermediate Mana Armor Kits or Zero Wing’s equipment, it seems that my trip to White River City has not been wasted. If I deal with this matter properly, the Great Pavilion Master will definitely be pleased.”

“Pavilion Master is truly wise. At that time, I want to see just how the Phoenix Pavilion plans to contend with our Dragon Pavilion,” Blood Dragon laughed.

Even after silence had gripped the reception hall for some time, Shi Feng had not hurried to dive straight into business. Instead, he waved his hand and signaled Melancholic Smile.

At this moment, Melancholic Smile opened her mouth and said, “Ladies and gentlemen, if you are here to purchase Intermediate Mana Armor Kits, please follow me. As our stock is limited, the Candlelight Trading Firm intends to hold a small-scale auction exclusively for you.”

Saying so, Melancholic Smile led the way out of the reception hall.

In response, however, the Guild representatives only turned to look at each other, showing no signs of leaving their seats.

Who among them was not here to purchase the Candlelight Trading Firm, hoping to earn a massive profit through the transaction? How could they possibly come all the way here just to purchase a few measly Intermediate Mana Armor Kits?

Particularly, the Dragon Pavilion Master from the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion looked utterly uninterested in the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits.

With the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion taking the lead, everyone would naturally follow.

However, among these people, one person stood up from their seat and followed Melancholic Smile.

“Has Gentle Snow gone insane?” Galaxy Past watched Gentle Snow’s departing figure.

There were so many Guilds putting pressure on Zero Wing right now. Even if Zero Wing were strong, it would have no choice but to tread carefully when faced with so many large Guilds. Offending so many large Guilds at once would be tantamount to suicide. Anyone who had a brain would definitely choose to stay. After all, they could take advantage of the situation to rake in even more profit for themselves, and that was not something a few measly Intermediate Mana Armor Kits could hope to compare with.

Yet, Gentle Snow had actually chosen to leave…

“Don’t tell me that no one else here is interested in the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits?” Shi Feng asked as he glanced at the seated guests.

At this moment, Feng Xuanyang stood. Righteously, he said, “Guild Leader Black Flame, many of us here have journeyed from far away. We have already shown the Candlelight Trading Firm sufficient respect. If you turn us away empty-handed, our reputations will suffer.”

“That’s right, Guild Leader Black Flame! Let’s prosper together! Wouldn’t it be better if we invest into and develop the Candlelight Trading Firm together? That way, everybody can profit!” Many among the crowd began advising Shi Feng as they laughed merrily.

Among those present, aside from the upper managers of a few first-rate Guilds, everyone promptly voiced their agreement.

“Are all of you of the same opinion?” Shi Feng calmly asked.

“You could say that,” the Dragon Pavilion Master, Nine Dragons Emperor, suddenly said. “However, aside from my interest in the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits, I am also very interested in the equipment you all wear. Why don’t you state a price? I’ll buy all of it.”

Although Nine Dragons Emperor wore a lukewarm smile, his tone indicated that he would not take no for an answer.

Suddenly, the entire venue fell silent. Many of the Guild representatives sucked in a breath of cold air.

Initially, they had thought that the conditions they had proposed were sufficient. They had never expected that this Dragon Pavilion Master would be even greedier than they were. He actually wanted to devour both the Candlelight Trading Firm and Zero Wing.