Chapter 559

The number of equipment on the statistical list exceeded 20,000. Most of the equipment originally belonged to the Zero Wing members who had participated in the war, so those had to be returned. In addition, they had to take into account the reward for killing enemy players as well as death subsidies. However, even after deducting all the necessary expenses, they still had over 5,000 pieces of equipment remaining.

Initially, Shi Feng thought Zero Wing would only gain a slight profit from this war. After all, Zero Wing’s army of over 10,000 elites had practically suffered complete annihilation; only a few hundred elites remained alive at the end of the war. As for the Tier 1 core members, only several dozens survived.

The compensation for the losses of over 10,000 elite members and hundreds of core members was astronomical.

Having a surplus of more than 5,000 pieces of equipment surpassed Shi Feng’s expectations entirely.

“We are fortunate that the Pavilion members’ equipment is of excellent quality, unlike the previous battles we fought before when there were barely enough spoils of war to go around, even though our losses were not significant back then.” At this moment, Aqua Rose was overjoyed.

The Guilds they had fought in the past were much poorer compared to the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. The enemy Guilds back then consisted mostly of ordinary players, with only a small number of elite players; the equipment they could drop was naturally of low quality. Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Equipment was considered top-tier goods for those Guilds. Now, however, the enemies they had killed were the elites and experts of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. Naturally, the items they dropped were on an entirely different level in terms of quality.

The majority of the equipment worn by the Pavilion’s elite members was Level 20 Secret-Silver Equipment, with the weakest being Level 20 Mysterious-Iron Equipment, and the strongest being Level 20 Fine-Gold Equipment. As for the members of the War Dragon Legion, all the equipment they wore was Level 25, with the majority being Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment, and the weakest being Level 25 Secret-Silver Equipment. A few legionnaires even had Level 25 Dark-Gold Equipment. Naturally, the items they dropped were astounding.

Currently, Level 20 Bronze Equipment was being sold for around 20 Silver. Even Mysterious-Iron Equipment sold for around 40 Silver only. However, the prices for Secret-Silver Equipment was a different story altogether.

With the difference of just one rank, the price increased from around 40 Silver straight up to around 90 Silver. If it were Secret-Silver Equipment meant for MTs, the price would go further, up to 1 Gold 20 Silver.

This disparity was mainly due to the sheer difficulty in obtaining Secret-Silver Equipment.

In Level 20, six-man Party Dungeons, even at Hell Mode, there was only a fixed chance for Secret-Silver Equipment to drop. Only ten-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons would drop Secret-Silver Equipment with 100% certainty, with a small chance of dropping Fine-Gold Equipment.

Most players in God’s Domain were just beginning to raid Level 20, ten-man Team Dungeons, and the number of teams that could raid Hell Mode was very low. With the tight supply of Level 20 Secret-Silver Equipment, it was only natural for prices to be a lot higher.

As for Level 20 Fine-Gold Equipment, its prices were even more inflated. Each piece of such equipment sold for at least four Gold. Normally, only 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons would drop Fine-Gold Equipment with 100% certainty. Meanwhile, there was only a fixed chance for one to drop in Hard Mode. Hence, Fine-Gold Equipment was much rarer, and its price much higher.

If Level 20 equipment was already like this, there was no need to mention Level 25 equipment.

For equipment, although an increase in one rank was equivalent to an increase in five Levels, Level 25 Secret-Silver Equipment was much more expensive than Level 20 Fine-Gold Equipment. At present, each piece sold for five Gold or more.

Moreover, the supply of Level 25 Secret-Silver Equipment on the market was extremely limited. People usually circulated such equipment within their own inner circles, and players would have to rely on their connections to purchase one.

As for Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment, they were considered the best equipment currently available in God’s Domain. Setting aside the fact that nobody would sell such equipment in the first place, if there were some available for sale, the price would be at least fifteen Gold.

Currently, among the 5,000-plus pieces of equipment in Shi Feng’s hands, there were over 2,000 pieces of Level 20 Mysterious-Iron Equipment and over 2,000 pieces of Level 20 Secret-Silver Equipment. As for the remainder, over 600 pieces were Level 20 Fine-Gold Equipment, over 400 were Level 25 Secret-Silver Equipment, over 150 were Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment, and a total of twelve pieces were Level 25 Dark-Gold Equipment.

If converted to Coins, all this equipment would be worth more than 10,000 Gold.

After fighting a single war, Zero Wing had made a pure profit of over 10,000 Gold. Any Guild would be celebrating after such a harvest. Not to mention, even if a Guild had 10,000 Gold, it would not be able to obtain so many pieces of equipment.

If a Guild wished to develop quickly, other than having experts leading its members, it was also essential to have equipment in the Guild’s Warehouse. The amount of equipment a Guild possessed determined the number of members it could sustain. Now that Shi Feng had received such a huge influx of equipment, he could definitely advance Zero Wing further, absorbing even more members into the Guild.

“Guild Leader, should I place the equipment into the Guild’s Warehouse?” Aqua Rose asked.

“Organize them and place the ones with good Attributes into the Guild’s Warehouse. Hand over the remainder to Melancholic for sale,” Shi Feng instructed after giving her question some thought.

A majority of the current players had already reached Level 20 or above. Those who hadn’t reached Level 20 were either new to God’s Domain, or just ordinary Lifestyle players.

Meanwhile, all the elite members in Zero Wing were Level 25 or above, whereas ordinary members were either Level 23 or Level 24. Hence, their demand for Level 20 equipment was not particularly high.

Level 20 equipment was currently considered mainstream equipment in God’s Domain. Its popularity just happened to be at its peak. After more time passed, Level 20 equipment would grow obsolete and lose its value. Hence, now was the best time to sell their excess equipment and maximize their profit.

Currently, the Candlelight Trading Firm continued to expand every day. However, the variety of goods the Firm sold was still insufficient.

There was a limit to the number of players the Firm could attract just by relying on the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits and Light Stones. Only when the Firm could sell good equipment in large quantities would it truly be able to hold its ground in Star-Moon Kingdom.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, many trading firms would sell the Bronze, Mysterious-Iron, Secret-Silver, Fine-Gold and even Dark-Gold Equipment produced by its forgers. Only by following that example could the Candlelight Trading Firm maintain its Shops’ competitiveness.

Soon after, Shi Feng logged out of the game to rest.

—

Time passed slowly.

On the day after the great battle…

The atmosphere surrounding White River City was no longer oppressive like before, and many players on the streets had begun talking about yesterday’s war.

“Damn! I can’t believe that, while I was at work during the day[1], the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was actually defeated!”

“I know right? Zero Wing is OP now. If even a super-first-rate Guild is helpless against it, it would be even more impossible for other Guilds.”

“It is a huge pity that you did not get to watch that battle. That Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion really deserves its title as a super-first-rate Guild. The number of experts they sent over yesterday could easily overwhelm any first-rate Guild! However, Zero Wing still came out on top! Nobody could have imagined that they actually had such a powerful NPC guard; that one NPC killed hundreds of top-tier experts all by himself! My eyes nearly fell out when I saw that scene back then!”

“Now that Zero Wing has defeated the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, it will definitely become even more powerful in the future. I heard that Zero Wing has begun mass recruitment again. I failed their test the last time. I wonder if I can pass it this time?”

“Previously, I thought about trying to join a Super Guild. Now, however, it seems that there won’t be a need to do so. I’ll go with you to apply for the test.”

The independent players filling the streets and alleyways of White River City talked fervently about Zero Wing, a fire of anticipation burning in their eyes.

These players felt proud just thinking about residing in the same city as Zero Wing, a Guild capable of contending against the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. Compared to those flamboyant first-rate Guilds, Zero Wing was far more powerful.

In reality, such a reaction wasn’t limited to just the players of White River City. The independent players of many other cities, other kingdoms even, began migrating to White River City one after another, every one of them hoping to join Zero Wing.

In just half a day’s time, Zero Wing completely recovered to its original strength. The number of elite players Zero Wing had right now was even higher than before the war with the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

TL Notes:

[1] Reminder: daytime in reality is nighttime in God’s Domain. The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion attacked during the night.