Chapter 558

“Won!”

“We won!”

Everyone from Zero Wing was incomparably excited, and they all began cheering loudly one after another.

Throughout this entire war, nobody had expected them to win. Even the large Guilds watching from afar had long since made preparations to take advantage of Zero Wing’s misfortune.

Originally, other than Super Guilds, nobody else dared to oppose the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. However, they had dared.

Moreover, they had even defeated the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

They had achieved a feat that no Guild had ever imagined was possible.

“The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was actually defeated, just like that…”

The various large Guilds spectating this battle fell silent.

Other than shock, everyone felt amazement.

Despite the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s overwhelming power, in the end, all those elite players and frightening top-tier experts suffered defeat at the hands of a single NPC guard.

“After we return, we must focus on developing our Guild’s guards.”

Galaxy Past had an excited expression on his face as he watched the retreating members of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

The true strength of a Super Guild was something no ordinary Guild could ever hope to comprehend. Only first-rate Guilds like them would know some secrets about Super Guilds.

Although the opponent Zero Wing had defeated this time was not a Super Guild, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s strength was already on a par with those Super Guilds’. Since Zero Wing could repel the attack of the Pavilion, it could naturally repel the attacks of Super Guilds as well.

Most likely, nobody in the entire God’s Domain had thought that…

The first Guild capable of going toe-to-toe with the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion would not be a first-rate Guild but a recently established Guild like Zero Wing, instead.

However, this was still not the most exciting part.

The most exciting part was that Zero Wing had shown everyone present the hope of contending against a Super Guild.

In virtual reality games, the result of a war between Guilds usually depended on players. However, God’s Domain was different. Here, NPC guards could also determine the outcome of a Guild War. In other words, the advantage a Super Guild possessed was no longer an insurmountable hurdle.

If a Guild’s players could not repel an attack, they could just fill the gap using NPCs.

At this moment, Galaxy Past wasn’t the only one planning to focus on nurturing his Guild’s NPC guards. The upper managers of the various large Guilds had also grasped this point. They all had the notion of developing their NPCs once they returned.

As long as their Guild Residences had an NPC like Kite protecting it, then their Guild Residences would be impregnable. That way, they could disregard those powerful Super Guilds. They could develop their Guilds however they pleased.

—

Although the members of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion were swiftly withdrawing, Shi Feng had no intention of letting them off the hook. Instead, he immediately expanded on his victory, killing as many as Pavilion members as he could.

Every player present was an elite or above. The quality of the equipment they wore on their bodies went without saying.

Each additional death was equivalent to obtaining another piece of good equipment.

During the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s withdrawal, Shi Feng and Kite managed to kill several hundred more players, obtaining a bountiful harvest—particularly of the Life Force points Shi Feng collected.

“Damn it!” Nine Dragons Emperor’s heart bled when he saw his Guild’s elites and the experts of the War Dragon Legion dying one after another. “Black Flame, just you wait! Sooner or later, I will definitely claim this debt! You won’t be as lucky the next time we meet!”

After the war ended, Zero Wing’s members also began collecting their spoils of war.

Both Guilds had suffered an immense death toll in this war. However, during the intense battle, nobody had the time to pick up loot. Hence, plenty of equipment littered the ground right now.

This sight stirred greed and jealousy in many of the spectating Guilds. However, not a single Guild player dared to steal some equipment for themselves. The same held true even for the Assassins who were in Stealth.

A large number of NPCs still stood guard near these drops, and everyone had already witnessed just how powerful these NPCs were. Naturally, nobody wanted to donate their own equipment to Zero Wing.

—

At the same time, word of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s defeat spread at the speed of light.

Practically all the discussions on the official forums mentioned this incident.

“It can’t be, right? The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion actually lost?”

“You must be joking!”

“The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion really lost. I have firsthand video documentation here, and you can have it for just 50 Credits!”

A majority of the players in God’s Domain was incredulous of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s defeat.

The Pavilion, which had remained unshakable all this time, had actually been defeated. It was a rout. Even the Pavilion’s most powerful War Dragon Legion had lost over half of its members. The damage the Pavilion had suffered this time was simply incalculable.

—

Star-Moon City, inside Ouroboros’s Guild Residence:

“Snow, Zero Wing actually won against the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, just like you guessed it would.” Zhao Yueru’s unblemished face was full of surprise when she received the latest news regarding the war between Zero Wing and the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

“There’s nothing surprising about this,” Gentle Snow said, a bright smile appearing on her face. “Black Flame is no fool. Moreover, he has never done anything he was not confident about. Since he dared to pick a fight with the Pavilion, he naturally had basis for his confidence. Only, I never imagined that the source of his confidence would be so powerful.”

“We’re in luck this time. Since we’re allies with Zero Wing, those Elders whom Cao Chenghua is planning to pull to his side will have to carefully reconsider their actions,” Zhao Yueru laughed.

Moments after Zhao Yueru said these words, the doors to the meeting room opened, and a few gorgeously dressed middle-aged men and women entered.

Seeing the arrival of these few people, Gentle Snow could not help but smile bitterly as she shook her head.

“Fate truly knows how to toy with people.”

These men and women were none other than Ouroboros’s few highly skilled and influential Elders. Normally, these Elders paid little heed to the matters of the Guild, focusing only on grinding, leveling up, and raiding Dungeons. Even Cao Chenghua dared not offend these Elders casually.

Previously, Gentle Snow had tried inviting these Elders for a discussion on some matters. However, they had simply ignored her overtures.

Now, without even requiring her invitation, these people had taken the initiative to come looking for her.

This situation left Gentle Snow speechless. Back then, she had only decided to become Zero Wing’s ally to repay her debt to Black Flame. Now, however, it would seem that she was growing even more beholden to him, instead.

“Guild Leader Snow, we truly apologize for before. The few of us have been busy raiding Dungeons all this time, so we failed to meet up with you. Now, however, we are already clear on the Guild’s situation. The few of us here have unanimously decided to support you fully. If Cao Chenghua dares to try to split up Ouroboros, he will have to go through us first before he can do so,” the leading Shield Warrior declared, chuckling.

Now that Zero Wing had defeated the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, a super-first-rate Guild, its fame and status in God’s Domain were naturally far different from before.

Prior to Zero Wing’s appearance, the upper managers of various large Guilds were secretly doing their best to forge connections with Super Guilds to increase their authority inside their own Guilds.

Many large Guilds had even taken the initiative to curry favor with Super Guilds to obtain the protection of these Super Guilds. That way, if other Guilds wanted to make a move on them, these Guilds would have to think twice before taking action against them. After all, nobody wished to incur the anger of a Super Guild.

Meanwhile, now that Zero Wing had defeated the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, the consequences were obvious.

In the future, Zero Wing might very well become another super-first-rate Guild.

When a man became powerful, those near him could ride on his coattails to success as well.

Since Gentle Snow was an ally of Zero Wing, that meant that Gentle Snow had the support of what amounted to a super-first-rate Guild. As long as one was not a fool, they would know which side they should choose.

—

White River City, Zero Wing’s Residence:

“Guild Leader, I’ve already tallied up the results of the war. Here are the statistics,” Aqua Rose said, a smile on her face as she handed over a list of data to Shi Feng.

“How could there be so many?! We’ve really made a fortune this time!” The corners of Shi Feng’s lips twitched slightly when he looked at the list.