Chapter 555

Black Flame pushed Martial Dragon back!

Silence!

Every Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion member within Zero Wing’s Residence was dumbfounded!

Meanwhile, the players watching from afar were similarly rendered speechless, their minds repeatedly playing that scene from before.

Although neither side had used any profound techniques and had only exchanged a straightforward blow, it was precisely this simplicity that allowed everyone to see the difference between the two very clearly.

Shi Feng’s Attributes were absolutely mind-blowing.

“Shit! Just what kind of equipment is Black Flame wearing?!” Feng Xuanyang’s eyes nearly popped out of their sockets at this scene.

Martial Dragon was a Level 28 Berserker. Moreover, the majority of his equipment was Level 25 Dark-Gold Equipment. The weapon he wielded was even one of indiscernible quality, but judging from its appearance, it should certainly be above Dark-Gold rank. This equipment composition could definitely be among the very best in God’s Domain. Even if Black Flame were fully geared in Dark-Gold Equipment, he would not be that much stronger than Martial Dragon.

Moreover, Black Flame was only a Swordsman, a very well-balanced class in terms of Attributes. Normally, a Swordsman’s Strength would be inferior to a Berserker’s, and his Agility would be inferior to an Assassin’s. Yet, now, Black Flame had actually managed to force back an apex Berserker like Martial Dragon with a single hit…

Just how outstanding was Black Flame’s equipment to pull off such a feat?

At this moment, Nine Dragons Emperor, who was leisurely watching the battle from afar, had an expression of immense joy on his face, his eyes fully focused on Shi Feng—as if he had just seen a peerless beauty.

Although Nine Dragons Emperor was indeed surprised at seeing Martial Dragon forced into a retreat, he was much more delighted at discovering the peerless equipment that made such a feat possible.

“Uncle Chen, order the ones below to obtain Black Flame’s equipment!” Nine Dragons Emperor instructed the old man beside him, his eyes shining brightly.

“Understood!” The old man addressed as Uncle Chen immediately made a bow and left his position.

A short moment later, the old man arrived with quick steps at the balcony of the private room, then abruptly shouted, “War Dragon Legion, listen up! Plunder every piece of equipment on Black Flame’s body and leave nothing behind!”

Although the old man was quite aged, his voice was extraordinarily loud when he shouted. Practically everyone in the neighborhood had heard him.

“Is the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion stupid? Didn’t they see how Black Flame repulsed Martial Dragon in a single hit? Who could possibly kill him and plunder his equipment? Also, even if they plan on plundering someone’s equipment, there shouldn’t be a need to announce it publicly like that, right?” some ordinary players spectating from the sidelines ridiculed.

When the members of Zero Wing heard the old man’s words, they nearly spat out blood in anger.

The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was completely looking down on them.

For a time, Zero Wing’s members fought with even greater ferocity.

Although the spectating ordinary players made fun of Nine Dragons Emperor’s foolishness, none of the upper managers of other first-rate Guilds were laughing.

They knew full well just how powerful the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was.

Despite the currently brief duration of the battle, the death toll was already extremely frightening.

The battlefield, which initially had nearly 30,000 players, now had less than 20,000 players remaining. The majority of the survivors also belonged to the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. Even the War Dragon Legion had over 800 members still alive. Overall, the Pavilion’s losses were light. In contrast, Zero Wing’s side…

Things were just terrible on this side. Many elite members had died, and only two hundred or so Tier 1 players remained; Zero Wing had lost nearly half of its main combat power. If not for the Tier 1 NPCs, Zero Wing’s situation would be much uglier.

The gap between the two Guilds was evident at a single glance. They simply could not be compared to each other.

Black Flame repulsing Martial Dragon?

What was there to celebrate?

“These people really think Black Flame has a chance of winning!” Third Ghost sneered as he looked at the distant spectating ordinary players.

That was the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion Zero Wing was going up against, a super-first-rate Guild in the virtual gaming world. Moreover, the Pavilion had even sent out its War Dragon Legion this time around. Zero Wing had no chance of victory at all.

Moreover, Martial Dragon was a peerless expert who had grasped a Domain.

Although Black Flame had the advantage in Attributes, the gap was not so great that it was impassable.

Any expert would be able to discern this point very clearly.

Hence, Nine Dragons Emperor did not take Black Flame seriously at all and was fully intent on obtaining the Swordsman’s equipment.

—

Inside Zero Wing’s Residence, Martial Dragon and Shi Feng had already exchanged moves dozens of times.

Every time Shi Feng attacked, he forced Martial Dragon into a retreat, chipping at Martial Dragon’s HP with each exchange. At this moment, Martial Dragon’s HP was down to around 90%.

However, Shi Feng was not particularly happy about this situation, neither was he angry about Nine Dragons Emperor’s plan to plunder all his equipment. He only felt helpless.

Although Shi Feng succeeded in suppressing Martial Dragon with his Attributes, the Berserker was, after all, an expert who had grasped a Domain. Since Martial Dragon knew that he could not win using brute force, he had gone with a softer approach to neutralize Shi Feng’s attacks. Negating Shi Feng’s power was practically impossible for ordinary experts. After all, Shi Feng was an expert who had already set foot in the Flowing Water Realm.

If one wanted to negate Shi Feng’s power, they required inhuman levels of precision and confidence. The fact that Martial Dragon could achieve such a feat was all due to his Domain.

Of course, while Shi Feng was helpless against Martial Dragon right now, the same could be said for the Berserker. After all, Shi Feng could see through his attack trajectories; whenever Martial Dragon tried attacking Shi Feng, the latter would always take the appropriate defensive measures and force the exchange into a frontal clash between weapons.

In a frontal clash, the side with lower Strength would naturally receive damage and lose HP. Hence, Martial Dragon could only buy time.

However, Martial Dragon was in no rush. Zero Wing was vulnerable. Fire Dance alone could not turn the situation around.

This was not an arena. There was no need for players to fight one-on-one. If three to five legionnaires were insufficient, they could simply increase that number. Even if Fire Dance had powerful Attributes, the War Dragon Legion could just treat her as a powerful Boss and slowly grind her to death.

“You are the first person who has lasted this long against me. Unfortunately, this match won’t go on for much longer,” Martial Dragon said ruefully as he glanced at his surroundings.

The number of Zero Wing members still alive was rapidly decreasing. After another ten minutes or so, this war would come to an end.

This outcome was all due to the difference in the number and quality of experts. Even with so many NPCs filling the gap, they were still far from enough.

“Indeed, this battle will not last much longer.” Shi Feng’s heart ached over this situation as well. The losses Zero Wing had suffered in this war was simply too massive. Yet, instead of revealing a dispirited expression, Shi Feng smiled, saying, “However, the victor in this war will still be us, Zero Wing!”

“Do you not see the situation your Guild is in right now?” Martial Dragon could not help but laugh when he heard Shi Feng’s words.

However, shortly after Martial Dragon had spoken, the Berserker’s expression suddenly turned grave.

“An ambush?”

Martial Dragon suddenly felt a killing intent that was even more intense than when Shi Feng had revealed himself. Martial Dragon promptly tried to put some distance between Shi Feng and himself. However, Shi Feng did not allow Martial Dragon to do so, sticking closely to the Berserker at all times.

In terms of speed, Martial Dragon was simply no match for Shi Feng.

Just as Martial Dragon faced Shi Feng’s barrage of attacks, the shadow of a figure suddenly appeared behind Martial Dragon.

“Scram!”

Martial Dragon had already been on his guard against this figure. Tightening his grip on his greatsword, he swung the weapon towards his back with all his might, the weapon itself transforming into a streak of red light. Under normal circumstances, this sudden attack definitely would have caught the player, who had appeared behind Martial Dragon, by surprise.

Dang!

However, this red blade of light was easily blocked.

“You are…” Martial Dragon finally managed to get a clear look at the ambusher and was stunned.

This man had gray hair and a tall, robust body that was significantly larger than an ordinary person’s. Also, this man was not a player but an NPC.

Although this NPC was only Level 40—lower than those Level 50 Tier 1 guards—the pressure Martial Dragon felt from him was even stronger than what he’d felt from a High Lord.

However, Martial Dragon had no time to ponder the identity of this NPC, because the moment this NPC swung his sword, over a dozen wind blades flew at Martial Dragon from all sides.

Only Shi Feng knew what this Skill was.

Tier 2 Sword Skill, Wind Roar!

This Skill could not be blocked and could only be dodged. But Martial Dragon no longer had time to dodge right now.

In the blink of an eye, multiple wind blades devoured Martial Dragon, his 6,000-plus HP instantly bottoming out with not a single point remaining.

The ambusher was none other than Shi Feng’s Personal Guard, Kite.

Only, at this moment, Kite had already recovered his original strength. No longer was he a Tier 1 Swordsman but a Tier 2 Sword Master, instead.