Chapter 554

Although this new voice was not loud, Martial Dragon’s sharp gaze immediately locked onto its origin.

In the direction Martial Dragon was looking at, a plain-looking man in armor slowly emerged the warring crowd.

Despite so many players focusing on killing each other, nobody had bothered to attack this man. It was as if none of these people had noticed him. Everyone was still focused on dealing with their own opponents.

Only when this man’s black sword pierced through the backs of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s elites, did these elites notice the man’s existence. By then, however, it was too late.

Since the war had begun, nobody had noticed that this ordinary-looking man had killed many War Dragon legionnaires and Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion elites. He was practically a god of silent death.

“One-hit Asura!” Surprise and excitement filled Martial Dragon’s eyes as they landed on Shi Feng. “Sure enough, your reputation is well deserved. You really do possess some ability.”

A technique that could allow one to move unnoticed was no trivial matter.

The concept might sound very simple, but when it came to its realization, not many could achieve it. This required a combination of special breathing techniques and footwork. Not to mention, Shi Feng even wielded this technique with such ease.

Despite having met many experts in the past, Martial Dragon had never encountered one capable of such a technique.

One could say that such a technique was extremely convenient in a group battle.

Since this technique could allow a player to avoid attention, then it could naturally be used in reverse as well, forcing others to focus on oneself.

Martial Dragon had originally intended to finish off Fire Dance with his last attack. However, due to that sudden surge of killing intent from Shi Feng, Martial Dragon felt as if someone had suddenly appeared behind him. Martial Dragon had no choice but to halt his attack in order to respond to the new enemy, allowing Fire Dance to escape with her life as a result.

“Fire Dance, go deal with someone else. Leave him to me.” Shi Feng sent Fire Dance a private message.

“Guild Leader, be careful.” Fire Dance nodded. Although Fire Dance was reluctant, she turned and moved to deal with other enemies.

Martial Dragon glanced at Fire Dance’s departing figure, not bothering to chase after the Assassin. Instead, he focused his attention on the slowly approaching Shi Feng.

—

“What’s going on with Martial Dragon?! Fire Dance was within his grasp; why didn’t he finish her off before moving on to deal with Black Flame?!” Feng Xuanyang, who watched the fight from afar, shouted with frustration and confusion.

His hatred for Zero Wing ran deep, and he wanted nothing more than to kill Zero Wing’s upper managers hundreds of times. If not for Zero Wing, he would not have encountered so many problems. He would have long since become the hidden overlord of Star-Moon Kingdom’s Eastern Region rather than ending up in his current dire state. He even had to obey the Seven Ghosts.

“Young Master Feng, Martial Dragon is not at fault here. It isn’t because Martial Dragon didn’t wish to finish her off, but because he couldn’t,” Third Ghost said, laughing bitterly. He then explained, “Fire Dance is much faster than Martial Dragon. If she focuses on running away, even Martial Dragon cannot catch her. Not to mention, Black Flame has currently locked onto Martial Dragon. If he attempts to chase after Fire Dance, he will reveal a gap in his defense, giving Black Flame an opportunity to attack. Black Flame’s combat power is astounding. He is far above Fire Dance. Moreover, that technique that makes others ignore his presence is also the perfect technique for assassinations.

“If Martial Dragon focused on Fire Dance, it is very likely that he would feel the bite of Black Flame’s sword. How could Martial Dragon possibly dare to focus on Fire Dance?”

“Then, are you saying that there is a possibility that Black Flame will defeat Martial Dragon?” Resentment boiled up in Feng Xuanyang as he listened to Third Ghost’s words.

In the beginning, Black Flame had been a nobody, insignificant, while he was a member of Underworld.

Black Flame had spoiled his good fortune many times, yet, the more he fought Black Flame, the more he discovered how helpless he was against the man. At this point, he could do practically nothing against Black Flame.

Chuckling, Third Ghost confidently said, “Martial Dragon is very powerful. I only said that Black Flame had a chance against Martial Dragon while he was distracted. However, if Martial Dragon focuses on his opponent, Black Flame has almost no chance of emerging victorious.”

“What do you mean?” Feng Xuanyang asked curiously.

“This is something I heard from Boss First Ghost, but it seems that Martial Dragon has already awakened his Domain. In a direct confrontation, it is simply impossible to defeat Martial Dragon. Even if we, the Seven Ghosts, worked together, it is unlikely that we could defeat Martial Dragon in a head-on clash.”

When Third Ghost uttered the word “Domain,” reverence appeared on his face.

Domain… Within a certain range, the wielder of the Domain could achieve absolute control. One could even count the number of raindrops that fell in their Domain.

Only by training one’s five senses to their extreme limits could one reach such a realm of control. Domains were practically a myth.

Normally, only the geniuses among geniuses had the possibility of grasping such a technique.

One could say that Domains were the dreams that countless experts sought.

—

While Third Ghost explained the situation, Martial Dragon and Shi Feng gradually approached each other.

Thirty yards… Twenty yards… Fifteen yards…

One after another, the upper managers of the various large Guilds witnessing this war shifted their gaze towards these two players.

One was Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one expert, Black Flame, while the other was the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion’s top fighter, Martial Dragon. Both were peerless experts that could deter an army by themselves, so how could they possibly miss out on a battle between the two?

“Guild Leader, who do you think will win?” Purple Eye asked.

Although she was a top-tier expert herself, she had no idea what the outcome of this battle would be as she had never witnessed either of the two fight with their full power.

“I suspect Martial Dragon will win. The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion is a super-first-rate Guild. Moreover, you should have seen the strength Martial Dragon displayed a moment ago. That’s a Domain!” Envy and admiration filled Galaxy Past’s gaze as he looked at Martial Dragon. “Rumor has it that Martial Dragon qualifies to compete with those old monsters, and it would seem that those rumors are true. I wonder when I will be able to set foot on that stage as well.”

Purple Eye nodded in agreement.

In reality, she really hoped that Black Flame would emerge victorious. After all, there had yet to be a single first-rate Guild daring enough to provoke the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, yet, Black Flame had done just that. One could not help but admire the man.

Now, he even faced off against a combat genius like Martial Dragon.

Unfortunately, Black Flame had yet to reach that stage. Moreover, the difference in the number of experts between Zero Wing and the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was simply too huge. There was no room for Zero Wing to resist.

—

When there was only a distance of ten yards, Shi Feng suddenly stopped.

“Why aren’t you advancing?” Martial Dragon stood proudly, his gaze fixed on Shi Feng. With a disdainful look, he asked, “Or do you intend to run away?”

Shi Feng remained silent, paying no heed to Martial Dragon’s provocation.

“Since you aren’t going to come to me, I’ll go to you!” Martial Dragon brandished his greatsword and dashed towards Shi Feng like a fierce tiger, his body carrying an overwhelming momentum that pressed down on Shi Feng.

Yet, Shi Feng remained motionless as he welcomed Martial Dragon’s attack.

Martial Dragon took no time at all to cross the distance of ten yards.

Arriving before Shi Feng, Martial Dragon swung his blood-red greatsword, the weapon transforming into a streak of red light as it slashed towards its target. Martial Dragon’s attack was both simple and crude.

At this time, Shi Feng, who had made no effort whatsoever to dodge the oncoming attack, finally moved, the Abyssal Blade in his hand transforming into a streak of light as it met Martial Dragon’s greatsword.

Boom!

When the two swords clashed, a crisp low-pitched sound echoed throughout the Zero Wing Residence.

The pure exchange of blows between the two powerhouses caused even the pavement to crack and shatter beneath their feet.

Martial Dragon was abruptly forced to retreat by five steps, the numbness in his arms spreading to his scalp. Martial Dragon then shifted his gaze to Shi Feng, and what he saw left him stupefied.

Shi Feng stood steady in his original position like an immovable mountain.

The difference in their Strengths was obvious.