Chapter 557

“What kind of NPC is this?”

Nine Dragons Emperor shot up from his seat the instant he saw Blood Dragon and Dust Dragon instant-killed, an expression of shock plastered over his face.

Nobody had a better understanding than he did of Blood Dragon’s and Dust Dragon’s strengths.

Although the two of them were not a match for Martial Dragon, no one was likely to be a match for them when the two of them were working together.

Even a Level 40 High Lord would not be able to kill both of them in a single strike.

The only possibility was that this NPC was too powerful—so powerful that players simply had no way of resisting him.

“Kite, kill them all! Leave none alive!” Shi Feng no longer held back. He immediately commanded Kite to begin his slaughter.

In the past, Kite was titled the Windbreaker.

In the entire God’s Domain, very few Personal Guards possessed a title. The title itself, though, was only a title; it did not provide any bonus Attributes or contribute to the improvement of the Personal Guard’s combat power.

However, having a title signified that an NPC was not an ordinary class but a hidden class.

Some hidden classes were weak, while some were strong. Windbreaker definitely ranked within the Peak Classes. In addition, as a Personal Guard, Kite himself also possessed frightening Growth Potential. Hence, Kite had become practically invincible when going up against an enemy of the same Level and Tier in the past.

Back in the days, the Lifestyle player that owned Kite had relied on this Personal Guard to become an existence that nobody in God’s Domain could ignore. Even Super Guilds did not wish to offend this Lifestyle player casually.

What about now?

Back then, even a Lifestyle player had managed to nurture Kite into a Tier 5 Sword Saint capable of overwhelming any Tier 5 player or NPC. Meanwhile, in this life, Shi Feng was the one nurturing Kite. Not only could Shi Feng provide greater financial support, but Kite’s current Growth Potential was also higher than what he had in the past. Now, dealing with players of a lower Level and Tier was practically child’s play to Kite.

After Kite received Shi Feng’s command, he transformed into a fierce gale that swept across the members of the War Dragon Legion.

The Shield Warriors and Guardian Knights of the War Dragon Legion hurriedly dashed to the forefront, attempting to block Kite’s assault.

Unfortunately for them, Kite was just too fast. With a simple leap, he arrived behind the Shield Warriors and Guardian Knights. He then used a Tier 2 Skill, Wind Ferret, sending all players within thirty yards flying up into the air. In the next moment, Kite began brandishing his swords, shooting hundreds of wind blades outwards like a lotus flower that pierced the bodies of the players suspended in midair.

Even though these players were Shield Warriors and Guardian Knights, their HPs still fell by the thousands. In the blink of an eye, their 6,000 or 7,000 HPs bottomed out, though a fortunate few managed to survive Kite’s barrage of attacks. However, as they were too high up in the air, when they landed on the ground, the fall took away their last strand of HP…

In just a moment, the War Dragon Legion had lost dozens of members.

Seeing this scene where players fell to the ground like dumplings, one after another, everyone was utterly stupefied.

Nobody had imagined that a Tier 2 NPC could actually be this mighty. Moreover, aside from him being strong, even Kite’s combat techniques were more powerful than those of many experts.

The Windbreaker is indeed amazing. It is no wonder he was able to deal with so many Tier 5 players as if they were little children in the past. Only Tier 6 God-ranked players were able to suppress him. Shi Feng was delighted with Kite’s performance.

When it came to techniques, there were indeed players that could surpass Kite. Unfortunately, the precondition for this victory was that said player was similar to Martial Dragon, a peerless expert who had achieved 100% control over his own body. However, even in the entire God’s Domain, such experts were as rare as a phoenix’s feather.

Moreover, even if a player was superior to Kite in terms of combat techniques, as an NPC, Kite could completely overwhelm any player when it came to Attributes. In front of absolute strength, all manner of trickery was useless. In the end, the amount of strength a player could display through their techniques was limited.

It was just like how Shi Feng, despite his techniques being inferior to Martial Dragon’s, was able to suppress the Berserker by relying on his Attributes. Only, in Kite’s case, the NPC could trounce Martial Dragon, because Kite’s Attributes were leaps and bounds above even Shi Feng’s. Such great Strength was already beyond Martial Dragon’s ability to withstand. Hence, Kite was able to kill Martial Dragon easily while Shi Feng could not.

In just a moment, Zero Wing had made a complete comeback from their previously disadvantaged situation.

To the War Dragon Legion, which had a member count of only 1,000, having more than a hundred of its experts killed was a significant loss. Most importantly, its casualties continued to increase.

Despite Nine Dragons Emperor’s attempts to pin down Kite by sending more elite players and experts, all his efforts were in vain.

With Kite’s speed, Strength, and techniques, any player that had yet to attain their Tier 2 class would not even have the qualifications to delay him. Otherwise, the many first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds in the past would not have feared him so much.

—

Seeing how Kite was casually slaughtering the members of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, the spectating upper managers of the various large Guilds were dumbfounded.

“With such an NPC guarding their Guild Residence, no Guild is capable of threatening Zero Wing!” Galaxy Past muttered as he looked at Kite. He then shifted his gaze towards Shi Feng, who was leisurely observing the battle from the sidelines, his eyes filled with both admiration and envy.

Although the status of a first-rate Guild might seem preeminent, in reality, there was a massive gap between a first-rate Guild and a Super Guild. If the Star Alliance managed to anger a Super Guild in the future, a repeat of today’s scene was highly likely.

However, if the Star Alliance had an NPC like Kite guarding its Guild Residence, at that time, it would possess the qualifications to pick a fight with a Super Guild.

Although they still could not afford to provoke a Super Guild, they would no longer have to live in fear like they currently did.

As long as a Guild’s Residence remained, and as long as the Guild still possessed a large sum of funds and Coins, then it would be a cockroach that would not die.

In the virtual gaming world, it was not the powerful who were considered strong. Instead, it was those who managed to survive and was not afraid of any enemy that were deemed to be strong. After all, only by surviving would there be hope.

It was just like how those Super Guilds had managed to survive until now. In the past, there were far more powerful existences than these Super Guilds. Yet, in the end, didn’t they end up failing as well?

Meanwhile, although Zero Wing was still weak right now, it already possessed the qualifications to become an overlord in God’s Domain.

Hence, how could Galaxy Past not admire Shi Feng?

“Purple, once we return, immediately mobilize the entire Guild! Our Star Alliance needs an NPC like that as well!” Galaxy Past’s eyes were filled with desire as he looked at Kite.

“Mhm!” Purple Eye silently nodded in agreement. However, instead of looking at Kite, she was currently focused on Aqua Rose. At this moment, her eyes were filled with mixed feelings.

—

Time slowly passed by.

The battlefield grew more intense with each passing moment. Currently, only a small number of players from Zero Wing remained alive. As for the Guild’s most precious Tier 1 players, less than a hundred remained alive. This time, however, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was not having a good time, either.

Due to Kite’s appearance, coupled with Shi Feng silently helping out his Guildmates, the War Dragon Legion’s numbers fell sharply. Currently, less than 400 legionnaires remained alive…

“Retreat! All of you, retreat!” Nine Dragons Emperor sent a command to the members of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, no longer able to stomach this battle.

“Pavilion Master, Zero Wing is about to be destroyed. Are we really going to retreat right now?” Rage had long since overwhelmed many of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s upper managers fighting in the battlefield. The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s prestige and reputation were also at stake here. How could they possibly be willing to retreat at a time like this?

“I said retreat! Are you unable to understand that?!” Nine Dragons Emperor suddenly said in a low tone, his gloomy voice chilling even his surroundings.

Nine Dragons Emperor wanted to continue fighting this war as well.

He even wished he could personally step onto the battlefield. However, he was a Guild Leader. He needed to consider the bigger picture.

Although their side still seemed to possess the numerical advantage, in reality, they were already at a disadvantage. If this situation continued, instead of Zero Wing being destroyed, they would be the ones facing complete annihilation.

In order to cut their losses, they had no choice but to retreat right now.

“Understood!”

“Retreat!”

“All members, retreat!”

The members of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion could only sigh in dejection. Under the command of the upper managers, they swiftly withdrew from Zero Wing’s Guild Residence.