Chapter 561

Overwhelming Smile’s Guild Residence:

Overwhelming Smile’s upper echelons currently filled the magnificent meeting room.

Every one of them wore depressed expressions.

Sitting at the head of the table, Feng Xuanyang appeared utterly defeated.

Zero Wing’s victory over the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had dealt a psychological blow to every member of Overwhelming Smile.

Originally, nobody had believed that Zero Wing could survive the great war against the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

Now, however, Zero Wing was like the sun at high noon, and many Overwhelming Smile members in White River City had already considered withdrawing from the Guild.

Ever since Overwhelming Smile began warring with Zero Wing, massive battles would ensue whenever the Guilds met outside the city. Previously, they had maintained a balance against Zero Wing, fighting on equal footing. Now, Zero Wing suppressed them completely. Their morale wasn’t the only thing that fell with each consecutive fight; their Levels were decreasing rapidly as well.

On the other hand, Zero Wing grew more valiant and stronger with every passing fight.

Right now, Overwhelming Smile’s members no longer dared don their Guild’s Emblem when they left the city, deeply afraid that Zero Wing’s members would recognize them. As a result of this depressing situation, many players had begun withdrawing from Overwhelming Smile.

—

“Why do I have such bad luck? Back in the day, I had been adamant about joining Overwhelming Smile. If I had known something like this would happen, I would’ve remained in Zero Wing. At the very least, I would have been a party leader there by now.”

“I know, right? Even being a normal member would be fine, not to mention being a party leader!”

Many of Overwhelming Smile’s members resting in the Guild Residence chatted among themselves. At this moment, the players that had defected from Zero Wing regretted their decision.

It was especially true when they saw the Zero Wing members who had been less-skilled when they left that could now defeat them easily.

After only half a day, more than 3,000 Overwhelming Smile members in White River City had withdrawn from the Guild due to Zero Wing’s recruitment. One could just imagine how huge of a blow this was to Overwhelming Smile. However, the most damaging aspect was that more players considered defecting as time passed; even some of Overwhelming Smile’s middle managers began to express such inclinations.

—

“Do any of you have any ideas of what we can do about this?” Feng Xuanyang asked as he swept his gaze around the meeting room.

However, none of the upper managers in the room answered Feng Xuanyang’s question. They remained silent. It was not because they did not wish to answer Feng Xuanyang. Rather, they simply did not know what to say.

Before this, their Guild had recruited players in bulk and had even poached plenty of elite players from Zero Wing. Even now, their Guild’s member count greatly surpassed Zero Wing. However, when it came to an actual fight, they realized that having the advantage of numbers was of little to no use.

Currently, whether it was in terms of Levels or equipment, Overwhelming Smile was no match for Zero Wing at all. Even its momentum was significantly slower than Zero Wing’s.

What could they do in such a situation?

Moreover, the war between their Guild and Zero Wing was like a bottomless pit. No matter how much money they tossed into that hole each day, they could not fill it.

If they continued this fight, they would eventually have to disband the Guild altogether.

“A bunch of rubbish! Why do I even need you here?!” Feng Xuanyang bellowed as he abruptly slammed his hand onto the table.

Everyone in the room involuntarily lowered their heads, not daring to utter a single word.

“This won’t do! I can’t let things end just like this! Since the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion has suffered defeat, it will definitely try to restore its reputation. Think of a way to make contact with the Pavilion!” Feng Xuanyang said, a bloody glow flashing in his eyes. Angrily, he declared, “If Underworld and the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion join hands, I refuse to believe that we can’t annihilate Zero Wing!”

—

Meanwhile, in the Candlelight Trading Firm’s first-floor reception hall:

The upper managers of various large Guilds had waited, unattended, for a long time now. This time, however, none of them dared to complain.

Suddenly, the doors to the reception hall opened. Everyone inside the room turned their gazes towards the entrance, discovering Shi Feng and Melancholic Smile entering the hall leisurely.

Immediately, the upper managers of the various large Guilds went up to Shi Feng and greeted him with friendly expressions on their faces. Their current attitude was completely different from what it had been in the past.

“I already know what your goal is by coming here. I can indeed sell you some Intermediate Mana Armor Kits. However, I have a condition. If you aren’t interested in my proposal, then you may just leave,” Shi Feng said straightforwardly, showing no signs of appreciation everyone’s compliments.

“Hahaha! Guild Leader Black Flame, please, don’t hold back! No one will complain even if you have ten conditions, much less one!” Galaxy Past said, laughing.

“Right, right! Guild Leader Black Flame, tell us what your condition is! As long as it is within our capabilities, we will do it!” the Branch Leader of Emperor’s Light followed up.

The importance of Intermediate Mana Armor Kits to Dungeon raids was extraordinary.

Currently, although the various large Guilds present no longer had many problems raiding 20-man Team Dungeons, 50-man Team Dungeons were still forbidden lands for them.

Meanwhile, it was precisely because Gentle Snow had managed to obtain a large number of Intermediate Mana Armor Kits beforehand that she had gained the confidence to begin raiding a 50-man Team Dungeon.

Ignoring all else, just the Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment and Set Equipment one could obtain already made a 50-man Team Dungeons quite attractive to Guilds. Not to mention, there were also various rare materials, forging designs, and other items.

In God’s Domain, if a Guild wished to surpass others, what did they need?

Wasn’t it equipment?

If one likened a 20-man Dungeon to a treasure chest, then a 50-man Team Dungeon was a mountain of treasure.

Meanwhile, the Intermediate Mana Armor Kit was the key to reaching this treasure mountain.

Naturally, the various large Guilds present wished to obtain this key. Even if they had to pay a price, they could easily earn it all back from the Dungeons. Hence, the various large Guilds were very eager to obtain the kits.

“My condition is very simple. You will purchase each Intermediate Mana Armor Kit for 7 Gold and 100 Magic Crystals. This is a reasonable price, right?” Shi Feng laughed.

Players could easily obtain Magic Crystals from any Dungeon. Only, the amount one could obtain varied with each Dungeon.

A Party Dungeon would drop very few pieces, while Team Dungeons would drop a little more.

Currently, each Magic Crystal sold for around two or three Silver.

The reason for such a low price was mainly due to the fact that Magic Crystals had few uses. They were normally only used in alchemy processes. However, as Guilds usually kept the Magic Crystals they obtained in their Warehouses, it was not easy to purchase them on the market. Hence, Shi Feng intended to trade for them.

With a rough calculation, each Intermediate Mana Armor Kit would come to a total cost of 10 Gold. This price was twice as high as the Candlelight Trading Firm sold them for.

“Okay! No problem!”

“Hahaha! Guild Leader Black Flame, I have no issues with this condition! I wonder how many kits Guild Leader Black Flame is willing to sell?”

The various Guild representatives immediately revealed joyous smiles. None of them had expected for Shi Feng to put forward such a cheap request.

Currently, although the Candlelight Trading Firm sold the Intermediate Mana Armor Kit for 5 Gold per kit, on the black market, however, they cost more than 10 Gold each. Even then, the demand for the kits still outstripped the supply. Now, they could buy the kits directly for 10 Gold each.

Immediately, the upper managers of the various large Guilds began voicing their requested volume.

“I want 120 kits!”

“I want 300 kits!”

“I want 150!”

…

Every one of these upper managers could not help but wish they could empty the Candlelight Trading Firm’s stock of Intermediate Mana Armor Kits. Among them, the Star Alliance was the richest, with Galaxy Past purchasing 500 kits in one go.

However, Shi Feng did not possess that many kits on hand at all. Hence, he had everyone sign a contract with him, requiring the pay upfront.

With the system bearing witness to the contract, no one worried about any potential issues. Over a hundred Guilds willingly handed over the money they owed. As for the Magic Crystals, they had already sent their subordinates to ship the crystals over.

In just a short moment, Shi Feng had earned over 30,000 Gold.

Of course, this profit did not come without a price. Shi Feng was required to deliver the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits he owed within five days.