Chapter 566

Shi Feng fell silent upon hearing Phoenix Rain’s words.

Negotiations were normal when one sought cooperation, and people would normally strive to obtain the greatest benefits for themselves.

This might seem like a smart move, but contrary to popular belief, it placed one at a disadvantage. As neither side knew the other party’s bottom line, the one to make the first offer would reveal their bottom line to their opponent.

Moreover, after Phoenix Rain had said as much, how could he possibly take advantage of her?

Even after a long moment, Shi Feng did not answer. However, Phoenix Rain was not anxious in the slightest. On the contrary, she leisurely admired the scenery.

“Twenty percent. What do think?” Shi Feng finally said after pondering for some time.

“Twenty percent?” Phoenix Rain was stunned, looking at Shi Feng as if saying, “Are you kidding me?”

The connections the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion possessed were exactly what the trading firm needed most, as having a wide range of connections meant that more people would purchase the trading firm’s products. Not to mention, the Candlelight Trading Firm would also get its hands on a large supply of raw materials, recipes, and forging designs. These were items that a trading firm lacked the most.

Currently, although the Candlelight Trading Firm’s range of influence had grown quite wide, it only had control over two truly useful cities. One was White River City, while the other was Star-Moon City. If the Candlelight Trading Firm worked with her, it could spread its influence to dozens of major cities. The profit it could rake in at that time would surpass its current income dozens of times.

Meanwhile, the only things the Candlelight Trading Firm could offer in this cooperation was Coins and products such as the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits, Light Stones, and Basic Strengthened Armor Kits. Aside from that, there was nothing special about the Candlelight Trading Firm.

Yet, Shi Feng had only offered her 20% of the Firm’s shares.

Normally, anyone else would willingly offer 50%, or even 60%, of the Firm’s shares.

“That’s right, 20%. This is the most that I can offer. If you cannot accept this amount, we can let it go at that,” Shi Feng said earnestly.

Phoenix Rain did not know that, before this, Shi Feng’s offer to Gentle Snow was only 15% of Zero Wing’s shares. Moreover, this included the annexation of Ouroboros. Although Phoenix Rain could provide far more connections than Ouroboros, currently, such things were unnecessary to Shi Feng.

Cooperating with Phoenix Rain would provide him with a massive advantage during the early stages of the game. However, at its core, a trading firm relied not on connections, but on the products it sold.

To become iron, the metal itself must be strong.

Take the Overwhelming Trading Firm for example. Even though it possessed more connections than the Candlelight Trading Firm, so what?

If not for the Flame Dragon Potion, the Overwhelming Trading Firm would have long since lost its competitive edge.

As long as a trading firm possessed a product unique to itself, there was no need to fear a lack of customers.

For example, if the Candlelight Trading Firm sold an Epic item, even players from other kingdoms and empires would willingly foot the exorbitant teleportation fee to visit the Trading Firm.

Most importantly, the Candlelight Trading Firm possessed an advantage that no other trading firm possessed, and that was the Special Workshops available only in 2-star Shops or above. With these Workshops, the Candlelight Trading Firm could nurture a large number of Forgers and other Lifestyle players. Not only was this method efficient, but it was also cost-efficient.

Although it was a good thing to have many connections, it would be meaningless if the trading firm could not keep up with production. It was like looking at a treasure chest that one could not obtain.

Both the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits and the Fire Dragon Potions had very low production volumes. The number of people that could actually purchase them was very low. The main reason behind the Candlelight Trading Firm’s triumph over the Overwhelming Trading Firm was mainly the common product known as Light Stones.

Phoenix Rain’s offer was only icing on the cake. The fact that Shi Feng was willing to offer her 20% of the Candlelight Trading Firm’s shares was entirely because of the future development potential between them, not because of the immediate profits.

“Guild Leader Black Flame really is confident in the Candlelight Trading Firm. If so, I am relieved.” Phoenix Rain smiled as she said, “Alright, then. Since I was the one who told Guild Leader Black Flame to make the offer, I won’t go back on my word. If it’s only 20%, so be it. When the time comes, I will send someone discreet to contact you. In addition, I will also send you reports on the cities of other kingdoms and empires. If Guild Leader Black Flame wishes to develop further in whichever city or require certain items, you can notify that person. That person will handle everything for you.”

Following which, the two signed a contract to seal the deal.

Phoenix Rain’s decisiveness had surprised Shi Feng slightly.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, don’t you feel that you are suffering a loss here?” Shi Feng asked, laughing.

Any normal person would undoubtedly refuse such a seemingly harsh offer. They would choose to develop their own trading firm instead. At the very least, they would be in control of said trading firm. However, even after his firm statement, Phoenix Rain had accepted the offer without hesitation.

“A loss?” Phoenix Rain shook her head. With an innocent gaze, she said, “I don’t feel that way at all because I can tell that you, Guild Leader Black Flame, feel yourself suffering an even greater loss.

“To put it bluntly, even though I have clearly offered you such benefits, you still don’t seem to care all that much and have offered me such a low price. The only reason I can think of for such a reaction is that the Candlelight Trading Firm is still hiding some secret that I do not know of, and that its true value is much higher than what I have offered you today. In that case, shouldn’t I be even more accepting of your offer?”

Phoenix Rain’s words left Shi Feng completely speechless.

She was truly deserving her title as the Demon Queen. With her existence, it was no wonder why even Super Guilds had acknowledged the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s status.

After Phoenix Rain quietly left…

Shi Feng looked at the Epic Treasure Chest left behind by Phoenix Rain, a grin appearing on his face.

He was fully capable of opening the Epic Treasure Chest.

Throughout this transaction, no matter how one looked at it, he was the one who had come out on top. If Phoenix Rain discovered this, she would certainly be disappointed.

“I wonder what kind of item I can get from an Epic Treasure Chest?” Shi Feng muttered, anticipation growing in his heart.

In his memories, he had never even heard of an Epic Treasure Chests. As for what he could obtain from one, he could only guess. Regardless of what item it was, it would be Epic ranked at the very least.

However, how could a single Epic item satisfy him? In order to reap the greatest benefit from this Epic Treasure Chest, Shi Feng decided not to open it immediately, but to wait.

The involvement of Luck when opening a treasure chest was too significant to ignore. Currently, Icarus’s Heart was only Dark-Gold rank; it had yet to reach its evolution limit. Moreover, he was only a short distance from upgrading the necklace to Epic rank. With a little more time, he was confident that he could collect the remaining Life Force points required and upgrade the Icarus’s Heart once more.

After all, Dark-Gold rank was only the standards of mortals. Meanwhile, Epic rank belonged to the extraordinary. There was a qualitative difference between the two. When the Icarus’s Heart reached Epic rank, it would provide far more Luck.

His wisest option was to open the Epic Treasure Chest at that time.

The first thing he needed to do was collect plenty of Magic Crystals.

The Magic Crystals required to produce eighty-eight Mana Stones was no small number. Not to mention, there was also the Divine Colosseum, which would reveal itself in the future; that place was a bottomless pit meant for devouring Magic Crystals.

Following which, Shi Feng stored away the Epic Treasure Chest and left the VIP reception room. He then headed towards the Starstreak Trading Firm.

Originally, the Starstreak Trading Firm had been the most flourishing trading firm in White River City. However, with the rise of the Candlelight Trading Firm, the Starstreak Trading Firm’s popularity had begun to roll downhill. Currently, the only reason that players still visited this place was to purchase some common products that only NPCs sold. Even so, the Starstreak Trading Firm still offered Shi Feng a lot of benefits.

An NPC had established the Starstreak Trading Firm. Including White River City, it had Shops in a total of eight cities. Moreover, unlike player-owned Shops, there was no city tax on the goods available in its Shops. Hence, Shi Feng still sold some advanced goods at the Starstreak Trading Firm, though that was only limited to the Shops located in cities without the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“Your Excellency Ye Feng, you’ve arrived,” Anna, who was currently busy with work, hurriedly greeted Shi Feng when she saw him enter the President’s Office.

“Yes, please notify President Henry and tell him that I have completed the task he entrusted me with.” Shi Feng nodded in reply. He then said, “However, I want to change my remuneration.”