Chapter 568

The moment Shi Feng said these words, Schneider’s eyes suddenly glowed. It was obvious that the Berserker King was tempted.

The Starstreak Trading Firm had only offered him 1,000 Gold as remuneration for getting rid of the Black Scorpion Corps. However, the Captain of the Black Scorpion Corps was a Tier 3 expert. It would not be easy for him to secure a victory. Not to mention, the Captain of the Black Scorpion Corps also had plenty of underlings.

On the other hand, taking a single contract from the President of the Starstreak Trading Firm would be child’s play, and the remuneration he would obtain was six times what the Starstreak Trading Firm had offered him.

Sure enough, there is room for negotiation in this quest.

Seeing Schneider’s tempted gaze, Shi Feng knew that he was in for a show.

As one part of an Epic Quest, how could the final reward possibly be limited to a ticket leading to the next phase of the quest?

Moreover, a Tier 3 NPC would be considered a big shot in whichever city they visited. Such a character would not appear in a small place like the Starstreak Trading Firm for no good reason.

At this moment, Henry could no longer remain calm. Hurriedly, he said, “Your Excellency Ye Feng must be joking. Since you are so sincere, I believe that Anna will have a better future if she follows Your Excellency.”

After Henry agreed, he immediately took out Anna’s contract.

Shi Feng also handed over 36,000 Gold without hesitation. This was all of the capital currently in his possession.

If not for the Candlelight Trading Firm and Guild Residence earning him quite a lot of money these past few days, he would not have had so many Coins. After this transaction, he was a pauper once more.

However, Shi Feng did not mind.

Coins were meant to be spent. Otherwise, by the time players reached higher levels, the value of Gold would depreciate. Moreover, this exchange had been a bargain. After all, he had only spent 6,000 Gold to obtain a possible Fine-Gold ranked guard.

In the past, even Mysterious-Iron ranked physical guards went for over a thousand Gold; the price was equivalent to an Epic item of average quality. If it were a Secret-Silver physical guard, that price would multiply by tenfold, reaching over 10,000 Gold.

Meanwhile, the cost for a Secret-Silver magical guard would multiply by another ten. In other words, the value of a Secret-Silver ranked magical guard was at least 100,000 Gold. Even so, the supply of Secret-Silver magical guards was practically nonexistent. Anyone who discovered such guards would keep them for their own. Nobody would be so foolish as to give a Secret-Silver magical guard away, to say nothing of Fine-Gold ranked guards.

After Shi Feng obtained Anna’s contract, the sound of a system notification rang out by his ears.

System: Anna’s Favorability towards you has increased by 30 points.

“Your Excellency Ye Feng, this is the Tier 4 magic scroll that President Henry promised you,” Anna said as she revealed a tattered scroll surrounded by a flashing purple glow.

Although the scroll looked worn, the magic power contained within caused even Schneider, a Tier 3 Berserker King, to palpitate with fear.

There was even less of a need to mention Shi Feng, who was only a Tier 1 Blade Saint.

The power within a Tier 4 magic scroll was the equivalent of a full-powered blow from a Tier 4 class. It could easily and heavily injure a Tier 4 class. It could even wound a Tier 5 class, not to mention Tier 3 classes or ant-like Tier 1 classes.

A magic scroll that has survived through the ancient times is extraordinary. It can practically rival the strength of an Epic item.

After receiving the scroll, Shi Feng examined the item. Immediately, he discovered just how powerful this Tier 4 magic scroll was.

Shi Feng had seen plenty of Tier 3 magic scrolls and had also used many before. However, this was his first time seeing a Tier 4 magic scroll.

Normally, magic scrolls were Consumable items; they would become useless after one use. However, this magic scroll that had been passed down from ancient times could be used multiple times.

But there was a limit to how many times it could be used and conditions for each use.

[Position Teleportation Scroll] (Tier 4 Magic Scroll)

Allows player to move to any desired location (Unable to teleport to certain special locations). Can be used a maximum of ten times. After each usage, requires five Mana Stones to replenish the scroll’s magic power.

Cooldown: 3 days

(Current uses 0/10)

Ten uses… In order words, it was the equivalent of having ten Tier 4 Position Teleportation Scrolls. This magic scroll was even more valuable than an ordinary Epic item.

With this scroll, I can access areas that can’t be reached with my current Level. Shi Feng stored the Position Teleportation Scroll with a satisfied expression, overjoyed.

As a reincarnator, he knew many secret locations throughout God’s Domain. Only, he could not reach those locations due to the limitations of his current Level.

However, with this Position Teleportation Scroll, he could easily travel to those secret areas that hid boundless treasures.

God’s Domain was massive. The higher level a map was, the fewer teleportation magic arrays it would have. As for locations with bountiful opportunities and treasures, there were practically no teleportation arrays there. Players had to rely on their own two feet to reach these maps.

God’s Domain’s Hidden Maps were an example. The system map would not display these areas, and players had to uncover these secrets on their own.

Every secret location was a huge treasure trove. It was the equivalent of a large Field Dungeon.

A Guild could raise its strength swiftly in these maps. Hence, scrambles over such secret locations had frequently happened in Shi Feng’s previous life. There were also many Guilds that had risen to prominence due to these secret locations.

However, it was not easy to travel to a secret location as one would encounter many dangers on their journey. Even an elite team had a high chance of facing complete annihilation, not to mention ordinary players. Only when players exceeded the Level of these maps could they adventure to some low-level treasured lands.

Meanwhile, with the Position Teleportation Scroll, Shi Feng could teleport directly to his target. Although he would still face plenty of danger after arriving, he would face significantly less than he would by traveling there on foot.

After completing the quest, Shi Feng did not hurry to complete the final phase of the Epic Quest Darkness Descends. Instead, he led Anna to the Adventurer’s Association.

If players wished to recruit an NPC to serve as their guard, the NPC first needed an Adventurer class.

However, most of the NPCs in God’s Domain were ordinary people. They did not possess an Adventurer class at all. Hence, if players wished to recruit such NPCs as their guards, they needed these NPCs to register at the Adventurer’s Association. At the same time, they were also required to select a specific class for these NPCs, allowing them to learn and train to become an Adventurer. Only then could these NPCs become a player’s guards.

At this time, Shi Feng entered the Adventurer’s Associations’ main hall. Despite it being daytime right now, there was still a large number of players present. A simple glance told Shi Feng that there were several hundred players here.

Of course, these players had not come to the Adventurer’s Association because they had too much time on their hands.

They had all come here specifically for their NPC guards.

Due to Zero Wing’s famous battle, many players had discovered a never-before-seen road to success. Even if their personal strength was lacking, they could nurture a guard to improve their own strength.

If a player wanted to recruit a Personal Guard, they had to become a Baron in their city first. They would then obtain one slot to recruit a Personal Guard.

However, a lot of time was required to become a Baron, and many players could not wait that long. Hence, they would first look for some NPCs they thought highly of and try to deepen their relationship with these NPCs. That way, by the time their Reputation reached a sufficient amount, they could immediately reach out to these NPCs and recruit them as their guards.

In God’s Domain, the higher tiered an NPC was, the more difficult it would be for a player to deepen their relationship with said NPC.

Of all the NPCs in God’s Domain, ordinary civilians were the easiest to form a relationship with.

However, it was not easy for the inhabitants of God’s Domain to become Adventurers. If a player could help an ordinary civilian become an Adventurer, their relationship with said NPC would deepen significantly. Fortunately, players had that ability. Only, whether an NPC was actually capable of becoming an Adventurer depended on their own potential and Attributes, and this was information that players had no access to.

In addition, players had a limited number of recommendations per week. After using up their recommendations, they had to wait another week before their chances refreshed.

Therefore, when choosing ordinary NPCs, a player’s foresight was extremely important.

If a player was unlucky, they could only search for other NPCs. If they were lucky, then they could begin deepening their relationship with said NPC earlier.

“There sure are a lot of people here.” Shi Feng could not help but laugh bitterly when he saw the long line of over a hundred players.

This could be considered a form of digging his own grave, right?