Chapter 565

The VIP reception room on the second floor was like an entirely different world.

The rich fragrance of flowers and the chirping of birds filled the room. One could also see green mountains and blue creeks in the distance. The space inside this room looked just like the garden in paradise.

“As expected of a 2-star Shop. It actually offers such an impressive location,” Phoenix Rain expressed her admiration as she surveyed her surroundings.

“If Phoenix Pavilion Master likes it, you can easily obtain one for yourself. Although a 1-star Shop has less space and available environments to choose from, this garden environment is also available in a 1-star Shop,” Shi Feng laughed.

God’s Domain was not considered a different world without reason.

While nearly everything that could be found in the real world existed in God’s Domain, things that did not exist in the real world could also be found here.

In God’s Domain, the available activities were not limited to just killing monsters and leveling up. They could also enjoy a leisurely life here.

However, the extremely realistic sensations that God’s Domain offered was not its most attractive aspect. Instead, it was the time dilation.

This was the greatest scientific creation of mankind in this century, and only God’s Domain had managed to implement this function. No other virtual reality game had achieved this feat. This was also the main reason for God’s Domain’s popularity.

The flow of time in God’s Domain was twice as slow as that in the real world. In other words, God’s Domain’s players could theoretically live twice as long as ordinary people in the real world. Moreover, activities such as learning, relaxation, and resting could all be done in God’s Domain. People could have more time to do what they wished inside the game world.

In the real world, there were only 24 hours in a single day. An ordinary student like Shi Feng would normally commit five or six hours of their day to study. Sleep also occupied roughly nine hours. After deducting the time spent eating and other necessary activities to sustain one’s life, a student like Shi Feng would only have around five or six hours of free time.

Meanwhile, each day in God’s Domain had 48 hours!

In other words, a student in God’s Domain could possibly have up to 30 hours of free time, five times that of ordinary people. Who wouldn’t want to live such a life? Not to mention, the Main God System was constantly expanding the world of God’s Domain, allowing this virtual world to become more realistic, interesting, and mysterious. Who wouldn’t be tempted by something like this?

“Guild Leader Black Flame must be joking. Although I really wish to obtain a house like this for myself, unfortunately, Ordinary Shops are no good. Such an environment is only available in Luxury Shops. Meanwhile, constructing a Luxury Shop requires 1,000 Gold. I already wish I could spend 1,000 Gold as if it were 2,000, so where would I possibly find so much money laying around to construct a Luxury Shop?” Phoenix Rain shook her head, a hint of disappointment flashing in her eyes as she surveyed the room’s elegance.

Even large Guilds had their own troubles to face.

A small Guild had few members, so it was relatively easy to manage. Thus, the Guild required less money to sustain it. On the other hand, it was extremely complex to manage a large Guild that had a large number of members. A super-first-rate Guild like the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was even more frightening. There were many aspects that required money. It was especially true during the initial stages of the game. It was like investing into a bottomless pit.

Fortunately, Guild Residences allowed the Pavilion to earn some money through Guild Quests. In addition, the trading firms and the raiding teams that had already taken shape had also begun to profit the Pavilion, allowing them to invest less as a result.

However, in terms of extravagance, no one throughout all of God’s Domain could compete with the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, nobody will be able to listen in on our conversation here. You should be able to state your condition now, right?” Although Phoenix Rain had presented herself weak all this time, Shi Feng refused to believe that the woman was as simple as she made herself out to be. For just one simple condition, she had personally run all the way from the Black Dragon Empire to White River City and had even gifted him an Epic Treasure Chest.

“Before I reveal it, I hope that you will first sign this confidentiality contract,” Phoenix Rain said. She then revealed a contract that she had prepared, placing it on the table. Quite seriously, she said, “It is not that I do not believe Guild Leader Black Flame, but this matter is simply too important to take risks. If a third party discovered this situation, it would not benefit either of us.”

Shi Feng picked up the contract and gave it a careful read. Indeed, it was a very common confidentiality contract.

Under the surveillance of the Main God System, it was impossible to reveal any secrets covered by a confidentiality contract in the game. Of course, the Main God System could not control any leaks in the real world.

“Aren’t you afraid that I will reveal it outside of God’s Domain?” Shi Feng asked.

“I believe that Guild Leader Black Flame is an intelligent person, so please don’t ask such a foolish question,” Phoenix Rain said, her hand covering her mouth as she chuckled softly.

“It was just a joke.” Shi Feng then signed the contract.

The moment Shi Feng finished his signature, the notification sound of the system immediately rang by his ears.

System: Contract established. If either party violates the contract, the violator will be banished from God’s Domain.

Although the system’s female voice sounded crisp and pleasing, its words would give anyone goosebumps.

Banished from God’s Domain. Moreover, there was only one condition. Any player who wished to live in God’s Domain would not dare violate this condition.

After hearing the system notification, Phoenix Rain smiled at Shi Feng as she said, “In reality, my condition is very simple. I just wish to obtain a portion of the Candlelight Trading Firm’s shares, but in my own name, not the Phoenix Pavilion’s and, even more so, not the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s.

“Of course, I will provide even more benefits. The simplest would be Land for Shops. You should know that Reputation is required to purchase a good plot of Land in every city. Although one can obtain it through sub-sales, the strategic plots of Land in every city are not something an ordinary Guild can obtain easily. Currently, Zero Wing might have secured the best plots of Land available in Star-Moon Kingdom’s two largest cities, what about the important cities in other countries?

“If the Candlelight Trading Firm is to grow, it will require a larger market. I am sure that you will not be satisfied with just ruling over these two cities, right?

“I can provide this convenience. I can allow the Candlelight Trading Firm to obtain the valuable plots of Land available in the main cities of many kingdoms and empires. In addition, I also have plenty of connections that can enable you to obtain raw materials cheaply, as well as provide you with the forging designs and recipes obtainable from Dungeons. You won’t have to worry about collecting and purchasing these things yourself. Of course, this matter will be carried out discreetly. I will not reveal my involvement.

“More importantly, I am not your enemy. Nine Dragons Emperor might have a grudge against you, but I do not stand with him. To be more precise, I stand with you. May I know what Guild Leader Black Flame thinks of my proposal?”

At this moment, Shi Feng was silent.

Phoenix Rain’s proposal was indeed generous.

A super-first-rate Guild’s background was extraordinary. Compared to him, Phoenix Rain would have a much easier time obtaining the golden Lands of the major cities in the various kingdoms and empires. Moreover, it was also impossible for him to get players of other kingdoms to resell their Lands. Nobody would be so foolish as to give away their benefits to someone else, particularly to the Candlelight Trading Firm, a trading firm with massive advantages.

Moreover, just as Phoenix Rain had said, she was not his enemy.

On the surface, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion might seem like a single Guild, but in reality, the Pavilion was two Guilds joined as one. If not for that mysterious Great Pavilion Master maintaining the balance, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion might immediately break into two separate Guilds.

“How many shares do you want?” Shi Feng asked.

“Since it is I who have come in search of Guild Leader Black Flame for cooperation, I will leave that decision up to you!” Phoenix Rain giggled. “I believe that, after seeing my sincerity, based on Guild Leader Black Flame’s personality and reputation, you will not take advantage of this young lady, right?”