Chapter 563

Just as Shi Feng finished tidying up the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits he had forged and was about to head towards the Starstreak Trading Firm to complete his quest, Melancholic Smile suddenly rushed into the room, obviously agitated.

“Why the hurry? Did something big happened?” Shi Feng could not help but ask.

“People from the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion are here.” Melancholic Smile hurriedly said, “They say they must meet with you. Moreover, they wish to hand you an item personally. They say that this item will be a huge help to you, and if you do not take a look at it, you will regret it in the future.”

“Regret it, huh?” Shi Feng laughed. “This Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion truly is interesting. I’ve just defeated them, and already, they’re sending gifts? Let’s go see what they’re up to, then.”

The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was a super-first-rate Guild. Although it had suffered massive losses in its war against Zero Wing, with the Pavilion’s background, it should have already recovered most of its losses. As for the possibility of the Pavilion starting another war with Zero Wing, that was highly unlikely.

Hence, the fact that someone from the Pavilion had come looking for him confused Shi Feng. He had no idea of what the Pavilion was up to.

After entering the reception room, Shi Feng noticed that the Pavilion had only sent one person to meet with him this time.

However, the moment Shi Feng saw this person, he was immediately shocked.

Why is she here?

Shi Feng looked at the girl, who approached him slowly, the scene of many legendary wars that occurred in his previous life surfacing in his mind.

This woman was none other than the protagonist of those legendary wars, Phoenix Rain.

The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was split into two Pavilions. One was the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion, while the other was the Phoenix Pavilion. Of the two, Nine Dragons Emperor controlled the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion, while Phoenix Rain managed the Phoenix Pavilion.

Although Nine Dragons Emperor looked quite young, he had merely managed to retain his youth due to the technology of this era and exercise. In reality, Nine Dragons Emperor’s real age had long since passed 35.

Even so, the fact that Nine Dragons Emperor had been able to become the Pavilion Master of a super-first-rate Guild at the age of 35 showed that he was a promising talent.

However, Phoenix Rain was even more amazing. Despite still being in her early twenties, she had already become the Pavilion Master of the Phoenix Pavilion. In the past, her deeds in the virtual gaming world had been legendary. As a result, the time when Phoenix Rain had reigned over the Phoenix Pavilion had been hailed as the Pavilion’s golden age. During that time, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had rapidly grown stronger.

At present, Phoenix Rain was the reason that everyone considered the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion as a Guild that was closest to becoming a Super Guild.

Even the extraordinarily mysterious Great Pavilion Master of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was willing to allow Phoenix Rain to succeed him, becoming the Great Pavilion Master.

Currently, Phoenix Rain wore a bright red mage’s robe, the robe showcasing her exquisite figure. Every one of her actions carried an air of bewitchment, causing others to submit voluntarily.

“Hello, Guild Leader Black Flame. This young woman is known as Phoenix Rain, the Phoenix Pavilion Master of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.”

Phoenix Rain beamed a flourishing smile at Shi Feng. This smile alone had captivated Melancholic Smile, who stood beside Shi Feng. As for Shi Feng himself, however, other than his initial surprise at seeing Phoenix Rain, he did not react even in the slightest to the woman’s mesmerizing smile.

Seeing Shi Feng’s reaction, Phoenix Rain’s smile became more pleasant as she said, “Guild Leader Black Flame, let’s have a seat and chat properly, shall we?”

Shi Feng nodded, his mind very calm. He did not treat Phoenix Rain as if she were some unreachable existence.

Shi Feng’s dull reaction was not because he had mental issues. Instead, his mind was far from ordinary. It was merely a smile. It was still not enough to make him blush or cause his heartbeat to quicken.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, you previously mentioned a gift for me and that I will regret it if I don’t take a look. May I know just what kind of item Phoenix Pavilion Master offers me?” Shi Feng smiled calmly.

“Guild Leader Black Flame really is impatient. We’ve only just met, yet, you’re already so straightforward. I don’t even know from where I should begin,” Phoenix Rain complained as she sent Shi Feng a resentful gaze. Sighing, she said, “However, since you’ve already asked, it would not be right to refuse.”

Phoenix Rain then took out a treasure chest that flashed with a purple glow, carefully placing it on the table.

“Behold!”

The moment Phoenix Rain said so, Melancholic Smile, who sat beside Shi Feng, was stupefied.

“This is an Epic Treasure Chest!” Melancholic Smile dared not believe her own eyes.

There were plenty of treasure chests in God’s Domain. However, the majority of them were Common Treasure Chests. One would be lucky if they encountered a Bronze Treasure Chest, whereas obtaining a Mysterious-Iron Treasure Chest would make them rich.

If one encountered a Secret-Silver Chest, they would become the envy of many.

As for Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Treasure Chests, Melancholic Smile had yet to see what they even looked like.

Meanwhile, an Epic Treasure Chest was a legend.

The purple glow surrounding the treasure chest before her was indeed the glow effect unique to an Epic ranked item. Hence, Melancholic Smile recognized it immediately.

“Correct; this is indeed an Epic Treasure Chest,” Phoenix Rain said, her lips curled up into an enchanting smile. Unhurriedly, she said, “Our Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion encountered this item accidentally. In order to obtain this chest, we sacrificed tens of thousands of lives. I wonder if Guild Leader Black Flame is satisfied with this gift?”

“Phoenix Pavilion Master sure loves to joke. I’m certain there is nobody in the entire God’s Domain who would not be tempted by an Epic Treasure Chest. Naturally, I am no exception.” Shi Feng had also used Omniscient Eyes to appraise the treasure chest. There were no signs of forgery. This treasure chest before him was a bona fide Epic Treasure Chest.

Shi Feng had only encountered Dark-Gold Treasure Chests several times by chance.

As for an Epic Treasure Chest, this was also Shi Feng’s first time encountering one in this life and his past.

In the past, Shi Feng had never even heard of any news of Epic Treasure Chests.

That’s right. He had not received even the slightest bit of information regarding Epic Treasure Chests.

Shi Feng had even doubted that Epic Treasure Chests existed in God’s Domain.

Now that Phoenix Rain had brought an Epic Treasure Chest as a gift for him, he wondered if he were dreaming.

Dark Gold Treasure Chests had a fixed chance of containing an Epic item.

What about an Epic Treasure Chest, then?

Shi Feng did not even dare to think about it. At the very least, an Epic item would drop. There might even be an extremely tiny chance that it might contain a complete Legendary item.

Legendary item… They were very limited in God’s Domain. In the past, every player who owned a Legendary item was an existence ranked at the game’s apex.

Just owning the Fragmented Legendary ranked Heavenly Dragon’s Breath had allowed Shi Feng to have an unmatched advantage in terms of Attributes. Even a monstrous existence like Martial Dragon was forced into a stalemate against him. Moreover, he had been unable to use any of his Skills during that fight. If his Skills weren’t sealed, he could definitely beat the living daylights out of Martial Dragon if he activated Dragon’s Power.

On the other hand, had Martial Dragon possessed a Legendary item, Zero Wing would have definitely perished in the war before.

“I’m glad that it has attracted your attention. Initially, I was worried that Guild Leader Black Flame will not be satisfied with this.” Phoenix Rain revealed an expression of relief. She looked nothing like a legend.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, just tell me what you want. I don’t believe that anyone would gift me an Epic Treasure Chest for no good reason,” Shi Feng asked after calming down.

“Hahaha! Guild Leader Black Flame is indeed smart! There are no free lunches in this world. What I need Guild Leader Black Flame’s help with is simple. I would not ask you to do something that will displease you. Moreover, this matter offers no harm, only benefits,” Phoenix Rain laughed. “However, I will require you to sign a contract before I can tell you. Otherwise, we will have to forget about this altogether. Only, it would be a pity for this Epic Treasure Chest…”

Shi Feng fell silent. He could not understand just what Phoenix Rain was trying to do.