Chapter 564

Phoenix Rain did not grow anxious at the lack of response from Shi Feng. She simply sipped her black tea as she waited quietly for Shi Feng’s answer.

It was as if she were not afraid of Shi Feng rejecting her offer whatsoever.

An Epic Treasure Chest was incredibly precious. One could say that it was far rarer than an Epic item. The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had been lucky to stumble upon it by chance. To secure it, they had even paid a colossal price.

As for what one could obtain from an Epic Treasure Chest?

Even if an Epic item with bad Attributes dropped, its value would still be significant.

There was no need to mention how much the chest would benefit a guild if it contained something even better than an Epic item. Just using it as a gimmick would allow a Guild’s reputation to soar, not to mention letting an expert equip it and enter a Dungeon.

As there was a limited number of players allowed to enter a Dungeon at a single time, the quality of players entering a Dungeon would significantly impact the raiding progression. If a Guild allowed one of its experts to equip an Epic item, the total damage of any team said expert joined would instantly rise to a whole new level.

Naturally, the team’s raid progression would be much faster than other Guilds, having a significantly higher chance of obtaining the First Clear of a Dungeon. The team could also challenge Dungeons that other Guilds found impossible to raid. The amount of money one could save from the losses the team suffered while raiding the Dungeon would be massive.

No Guild with any ambition would let this golden opportunity slip through their fingers, much less the extraordinarily ambitious Zero Wing.

“Can Phoenix Pavilion Master tell me the method to open this Epic Treasure Chest?” Shi Feng asked after pondering for some time.

Although it was his first time seeing an Epic Treasure Chest, he had not forgotten the treasure chest’s traits due to his excitement.

In God’s Domain, the higher ranked a treasure chest was, the more difficult it would be to open.

Although Shi Feng had no idea how stringent the conditions were to open an Epic Treasure Chest, he knew that even a Dark-Gold Treasure Chest required a key. It was impossible that an Epic Treasure Chest would have no requirements.

The moment Shi Feng asked this question, Phoenix Rain could not help but carefully reevaluate her opinion of Shi Feng.

“I did not expect Guild Leader Black Flame to remain so calm despite seeing an Epic Treasure Chest. It would seem that Nine Dragons Emperor did not lose without reason,” Phoenix Rain praised.

Any ordinary person’s first reaction when seeing a treasure chest would be to claim it for themselves. Even the Guild Leader of a first-rate Guild, someone who had undergone the tempering of many storms, would grow excited should they encounter an Epic Treasure Chest. It was simply impossible to stay calm. After all, the potential benefits one could gain from an Epic Treasure Chest were almost limitless, so much so that it could be the turning point of a Guild. Hence, how could anyone possibly stay calm when an Epic Treasure Chest was within their reach?

Yet, Shi Feng had not forgotten the fact that there was no such thing as a free lunch in this world.

“Indeed, just as Guild Leader Black Flame has surmised, there is a condition to open this Epic Treasure Chest. However, this condition should not be difficult for a Guild like Zero Wing to meet. Even if it isn’t possible now, it will be in the future. It is only a matter of time.” Phoenix Rain came clean without trying to hide anything.

“May I know what the condition is for opening this treasure chest?” Shi Feng smiled bitterly.

How could he not tell that Phoenix Rain was trying to hide something?

This was an Epic Treasure Chest!

Just a Dark-Gold Treasure Chest already required a Dark-Gold ranked key to open it. However, a Dark-Gold Key was even rarer than the Dark-Gold Treasure Chest itself. If an Epic Treasure Chest required an Epic Key to open, Shi Feng could do without it.

Phoenix Rain frowned slightly. She did not think Shi Feng would be so adamant for an answer.

Although an Epic Treasure Chest was indeed tempting, she had held the chest for a long time now. Unfortunately, she had no way to open it and could only stare blankly at the glowing chest. Otherwise, who would possibly use such a priceless item as a bargaining chip?

However, she never expected that Shi Feng would not take her bait…

“Hah… Forget it. I believe that, if I don’t tell you, you will most likely refuse to negotiate,” Phoenix Rain sighed. “Truth be told, the condition for opening this treasure chest is relatively simple. One only needs to gather eighty-eight Mana Stones. I have investigated the Mana Stones somewhat. They only drop from 100-man Dungeons with a certain probability. Of course, it will not be possible to gather eighty-eight pieces within a short time. However, with Zero Wing’s strength, collecting them will only be a matter of time, right?”

“Mana Stones?” Shi Feng hurriedly suppressed the excitement in his heart, not daring to reveal it. “I have also heard of this item before. However, I heard that they are extremely rare. Obtaining just one would require a tremendous amount of effort, let alone eighty-eight. At the very least, it would take several months to collect that many.”

Previously, in order to remove the seal on the Destroyer of Immortality, he had discovered a method to obtain Mana Stones that did not require raiding 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons. Although eighty-eight Mana Stones was not a small amount, and he would be required to spend a lot of money, it was still much easier than trying to obtain them from 100-man Dungeons, betting on that meager 2% drop rate.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, although you will only be able to open the treasure chest after one or two months, an Epic item will still be extremely rare after that much time has passed. Not to mention, Epic items aren’t the only thing you can obtain from an Epic Treasure Chest. If Guild Leader Black Flame obtains a Legendary item, at that time, you will have truly made a fortune,” Phoenix Raid hurriedly explained when she saw Shi Feng’s disappointed expression.

“You are correct. However…” Shi Feng muttered, revealing a troubled expression.

However, when he saw Phoenix Rain trying her best to push the treasure chest onto him, he was inwardly exhilarated.

Indeed, just as Phoenix Rain had said, in the past, even after three months since God’s Domain launched, Dark-Gold items were still as rare as a phoenix’s feather, not to mention Epic items. Back then, only Super Guilds and a few extremely lucky Guilds possessed Epic items. As for Fragmented Legendary and Legendary items, there had been no news whatsoever about these items.

If Shi Feng could obtain an Epic item in three months’ time, he would make a huge fortune. After all, one could continue to use an Epic item to a very high Level. There was no need to worry about it becoming obsolete during the initial stages of the game.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, you should know that my request of you will not be difficult to complete. Moreover, it is something that will benefit you as well. I even offer you this Epic Treasure Chest as a gift. Yet, you still try to make excuses to put me off. Are you really that afraid that I will eat you up?” Phoenix Rain smiled brightly, revealing a charming expression.

Watching Phoenix Rain act in such a way, even Shi Feng felt his willpower faltering.

She really is deserving her title as the Demon Queen, Shi Feng inwardly sighed.

If anyone else stood in his place right now, Phoenix Rain might have conquered them already.

Although Phoenix Rain appeared charming and gentle on the surface, her beauty and melodic voice capable of even toppling cities and countries, Shi Feng knew just how terrifying the woman was.

If anyone dared write her off as a pinup, they must suffer some sort of brain damage.

Even the insufferably arrogant Nine Dragons Emperor feared Phoenix Rain.

After pretending to hesitate repeatedly, Shi Feng finally slapped his thigh and said, “Alright, then. I agree to your proposal. However, if the conditions you state are, in any way, unfavorable to Zero Wing or the Candlelight Trading Firm, I can only apologize to you in advance.”

“I knew Guild Leader Black Flame would be a pleasant person to work with!” Phoenix Rain hurriedly said. “However, I don’t want others to know about this matter; only you and I are allowed to know. May we move to a more private location?”

“Okay, follow me, then.”

Saying so, Shi Feng led Phoenix Rain to a VIP reception room. The room offered luxury and comfort. Moreover, it was also not possible for others to listen in on their conversation.