Chapter 572

Inside the quiet private lounge, Shi Feng impatiently opened the thick and heavy Skill Book.

The moment Shi Feng flipped to the first page of the book, the sound of a system notification rang out by his ears.

System: Do you wish to bind and learn this Skill Book? Reminder: Skill Book cannot be traded once bound.

Shi Feng immediately chose to bind the Skill Book to himself.

In the past, many players had bound a Taboo Skill to themselves without knowing the difficulty of the Taboo Skill they were about to learn, afraid that the Taboo Skill would suddenly grow legs and run away. However, such a rash decision had filled many players, who had obtained high-tiered Taboo Skills, with deep regret.

However, the Taboo Skill Shi Feng had right now was only Tier 2. Even if he failed to learn it now, he could try again once he became a Tier 2 class. He would not waste this valuable Taboo Skill.

After binding the Skill Book, the contents of the book finally appeared.

Shi Feng promptly began studying one word at a time.

Inside the Skill Book, other than some texts and pictorial introduction, there was a holographic video depicting the use of Instant Strike, which allowed players to grasp the techniques required to activate the Skill quickly.

Taboo Skills in God’s Domain were similar to the spells used by magical classes in which they were very strict about their use.

When magical classes cast a spell, incantations and hand gestures were of the utmost importance, particularly when tracing runes. Only when these actions reached a certain Completion Rate could magical classes display great power.

Taboo Skills were the same. These Skills relied heavily on the accuracy and fluency of the player’s footwork, body movements, and attack patterns. Even the slightest mistake could result in a failure to activate the Taboo Skill. Compared to casting spells, players were required to have far more delicate control over their own bodies. They needed a clear understanding of each and every motion that was involved.

Without realizing it, more than an hour had passed. Currently, Shi Feng was only halfway through the Skill Book. Any ordinary person would have long since begun to practice the Taboo Skil. However, Shi Feng was not in a hurry as he examined each page carefully.

After more than three hours, Shi Feng’s heart suddenly sunk, and he frowned at the gray book.

“Skill Completion Rate must reach 95%… Moreover, I’ll also need to absorb 100 Thunder Crystals from Thunder Beast Kings. Isn’t this joke going a little too far?” A bitter laugh escaped Shi Feng’s lips as he gazed at the Instant Strike Skill Book on the table.

Although he had known that a Tier 1 class could not easily learn a Tier 2 Taboo Skill, he had not expected the difficulty to be so high.

Shi Feng had learned a few Taboo Skills in the past, so he was quite knowledgeable on the topic.

Tier 1 Taboo Skills normally required players to achieve a 90% Completion Rate. To ordinary players, this alone would prevent them from ever learning a Tier 1 Taboo Skill. Even experts would require long periods of bitter training to achieve such a high Completion Rate. Not to mention, there were usually other conditions that needed to be fulfilled as well.

Tier 2 Taboo Skills normally required a Completion Rate of 93%.

Only at Tier 3 would a Taboo Skill require a 95% Completion Rate.

Yet, Instant Strike, as a Tier 2 Taboo Skill, required Shi Feng to achieve a 95% Completion Rate.

However, this was still not the largest challenge.

The point that had left Shi Feng truly speechless was the 100 Thunder Crystals that he needed to obtain through killing Thunder Beast Kings.

Shi Feng was very familiar with Thunder Beast Kings. These monsters inhabited a location not far from a Level 50, 100-man large-scale Team Dungeon. Thunder Beast Kings’ fur was extremely valuable; it was a rare material that was required to produce equipment with the Lightning Resistance Attribute. The monster’s meat was also a must-try delicacy. If cooked properly, it could become a gourmet meal that nobody could resist after a single taste.

Just a single piece of the Thunder Beast King’s meat could sell for 3 Gold.

Hence, in the past, many players had tried to grind the Thunder Beast Kings to earn money.

However, a player had to be strong enough as Thunder Beast Kings could rival Tier 3 classes of the same Level. Even the weakest Thunder Beast King was a High Lord, while the majority of them were Great Lords. Even a large Guild had to pay an unimaginable price if they wanted to kill a Field Great Lord, not to mention independent players.

Meanwhile, Thunder Crystals were treasures that the Thunder Beast Kings hid within their bodies. However, the drop-rate was not 100%.

Instant Strike required 100 Thunder Crystals. Even if Shi Feng sold off Zero Wing, he could not purchase so many Thunder Crystals.

Shi Feng was also only Level 32 at the moment. He was still a fair distance from reaching Level 50.

The difficulty of learning Instant Strike could already rival a Tier 3 Taboo Skill. The Skill was definitely at the peak of Tier 2 Taboo Skills.

“Am I going to give up like this and complete my quest first?” Shi Feng muttered, feeling somewhat disappointed.

The Epic Quest Darkness Descends was not easy. It was especially true for the Dark Den. It was a Demon’s nest. There would definitely be plenty of extremely powerful monsters waiting for him. If he could learn a Taboo Skill, it would undeniably increase his chances of completing the Epic Quest. If he failed the quest, he would have to face the wrath of a Tier 4 Great Demon.

With his current combat power, even a Tier 3 Demon could kill him easily and take over his body, much less a Tier 4 Great Demon. That need only flick its wrist to turn him into ash and dust.

When Shi Feng reached the final page of the Skill Book, he discovered that there was another a paragraph of text.

If Skill Completion Rate reaches 100%, one can call forth Heavenly Thunder into one’s own body 100 times, stimulating the power of the Taboo Skill without needing the aid of the Thunder Crystals’ power.

“Shit! Skill Completion Rate of 100%? Are you kidding me?” Originally, Shi Feng had thought that he still had a trace of hope. After reading the Completion Rate requirement, however, he nearly spat out a mouthful of blood.

Even his past self had never achieved a 100% Completion Rate on any Skill.

Rumor had it that only Tier 5 Taboo Skills required a 100% Completion Rate. However, how many people in God’s Domain were actually capable of learning a Tier 5 Taboo Skill?

“Forget it. I should just head to the Dark Den for now.” For the moment, Shi Feng gave up on learning Instant Strike.

This Tier 2 Taboo Skill was most definitely a prank from the Black Wizard Glynne.

Shi Feng then stored the Instant Strike Skill Book in his bag. He traveled to the Bank and retrieved some tools and magic scrolls before activating the Tier 4 Position Teleportation Scroll, teleporting to the Dark Den.

Suddenly, Shi Feng transformed into a streak of white light that pierced the spatial crack that had appeared.

As a Demon’s nest, the Dark Den was a carefully hidden location. Even if the armies of various kingdoms and empires tried to annihilate the Demons, they would only find minions. The true Great Demons nurtured their underlings in their nests in secret. Hence, the various kingdoms and empires throughout the continent of God’s Domain had been helpless against Demons all this time.

At this moment, inside a dark cave, a spatial crack suddenly appeared near the cave’s ceiling. In the next moment, a streak of light fell through the portal and landed heavily, creating a deep crater.

“This Position Teleportation Scroll is a huge scam.” Shi Feng frowned as he surveyed his surroundings.

Shi Feng suddenly realized that he was surrounded by Demonkins. The Position Teleportation Scroll had dropped him right in the middle of a Demonkin army.

[Demonkin] (Common Monster)

Level 40

HP 10,000/10,000

Shi Feng’s sudden appearance immediately attracted the attention of many Demonkins. The Demonkins turned to Shi Feng, one after another, their pitch-black eyes containing endless malice. Their gazes alone were enough to instill terror Not to mention, their violent killing intent also took form, developing into a faint blood mist.

Shi Feng had seen this blood mist before. If players were caught within its range, it would significantly dull their five senses.

In God’s Domain, aside from having keen skills, one required powerful five senses to be considered an expert.

However, now that Shi Feng was trapped deep within the blood mist, he could no longer rely on his keen senses.