Chapter 575

“Damn, it actually called a companion!” Ironwrist frowned.

The other party members also grew anxious at the arrival of another Dark Magic Serpent.

Facing one was already their limit. Moreover, their only Curse was on Cooldown, and it would be quite some time before they could use it again.

“Ironwrist, what are we going to do now?” the Cleric at the rear line asked hurriedly.

Ironwrist looked at the Dark Magic Serpent that they had injured heavily, before turning to look at the newly arrived Chieftain that was rapidly slithering towards them. Gritting his teeth, he said, “Let’s retreat!”

Although the heavily injured Dark Magic Serpent only had 30% of its HP remaining, they would still need quite some time to kill it.

Meanwhile, the Dark Magic Serpent was unlike other Chieftains. It was a Chieftain that possessed a potent venom.

When fighting against a Dark Magic Serpent, if one failed to interrupt the Chieftain’s Vicious Venom Skill in time, even a team of 100 players would die. If their party was fighting just one of these Serpents, they could still manage to interrupt its Skill. However, going up against two at the same time was impossible since their party did not have a second person capable of interrupting the other Dark Magic Serpent’s Vicious Venom. As long as the venomous mist of the Skill spreads, only death awaited them.

Hence, their only option right now was to retreat.

When the others heard Ironwrist’s command, they immediately withdrew without hesitation.

Unfortunately, although Ironwrist and the others had made the correct decision in this situation, the heavily injured Dark Magic Serpent had no intentions of letting them go. Widening its mouth, it shot jets of venom at Ironwrist and his team.

A short moment later, the other Dark Magic Serpent caught up with the party, circled around to their rear, and used its Tail Swipe Skill at the party’s Cleric and Druid.

“Damn!” Ironwrist’s complexion sank. Although he wanted to go save the two healers, the distance to them prevented him from doing so. Moreover, the Dark Magic Serpent in front of him was also bombarding him with venom attacks. Not to mention saving others, he was having a tough time just trying to avoid being hit himself.

“Leave us!” the Cleric named Off Fire shouted. He could not help squeezing his eyes shut when he saw the Serpent’s tail swiping at him.

Against a Level 42 Chieftain like the Dark Magic Serpent, even their party’s Shield Warrior, Ironwrist, could only survive two direct hits. As for cloth armor classes like them, the Chieftain would need only one hit to end their lives.

Boom!

The earth shattered.

“Huh? Why am I still alive?” Despite waiting for a long time, Off Fire did not feel any pain from the impact of the Serpent’s tail. He then cracked open his eyes, taking a peek at the Dark Magic Serpent. Immediately, a dumbfounded expression appeared on his face. “How is this possible?”

At this moment, whether it was Off Fire or his fellow party members, all of them had their mouths hanging wide open.

Standing before Off Fire right now was a person. Meanwhile, this person had actually blocked the Dark Magic Serpent’s attack using just one hand without so much as taking half a step back. Only, due to the immense force contained within the Serpent’s tail, the ground beneath this person’s feet had shattered.

A player had actually managed to overwhelm a Level 42 Chieftain. This scene was as if someone had stopped a moving truck using a single hand. How could it not be shocking?

However, what the party of six did not know was that the reason Shi Feng was able to block a Level 42 Chieftain’s attack with just a single hand was entirely due to his activation of Heavenly Dragon’s Power, which doubled his Strength. Otherwise, even Shi Feng, with his exaggerated Attributes, would not be able to receive the Dark Magic Serpent’s attack safely.

“You guys deal with the injured Dark Magic Serpent. Leave this one to me,” Shi Feng said directly.

In response, Off Fire and the others absentmindedly nodded their heads. It was as if Shi Feng was currently their party’s leader.

After saying so, Shi Feng immediately jumped up to the space above the Serpent’s head. Raising the Abyssal Blade, he activated Thunder Flame Explosion.

The power of lightning wrapped around the Abyssal Blade as the Magic Weapon landed on the Dark Magic Serpent’s head.

Boom!

Lightning and flames instantly washed over the Dark Magic Serpent. Even though the Chieftain possessed very high Defense and Magic Resistance, it still suffered over -6,000 damage from the attack.

“Who is this person? Is it really possible for a player to be that strong?” Off Fire’s jaw fell when he saw the damage Shi Feng had dealt.

Their party could be considered a top-tier party already.

Yet, the highest damage their party could deal a Dark Magic Serpent in a single instance was just slightly over -1,000. Meanwhile, Shi Feng had managed to deal over -6,000 damage in just a single attack. His damage output alone was already more than double that of their entire party.

The Dark Magic Serpent constantly let out anguished cries as it was bathed in the power of lightning and fire. It glared at Shi Feng with its chilling eyes. However, although it wished to devour Shi Feng, it was powerless to do so.

Other than dealing massive amounts of damage, the Tier 1 Thunder Flame Explosion also had a Fainted and Speed Reduction effect. Although the Fainted effect was not particularly effective against the Dark Magic Serpent, the Speed Reduction effect was highly effective. The Serpent’s Movement Speed and Attack Speed instantly fell to only one-sixth of its original, its movements becoming extremely sluggish.

Only when Shi Feng had already landed back on the ground, did the Dark Magic Serpent’s jaw, that was capable of swallowing a small car whole, begin descending towards Shi Feng.

Smiling, Shi Feng shifted his footwork slightly, easily dodging the Dark Magic Serpent’s attempt to devour him. Turning his body, he followed up with a slash to the Chieftain’s mouth.

The instant he struck the Serpent, it went flying, and its head smashed heavily into a tree. As the tree swayed wildly, damage of over -2,000 points appeared above the Serpent’s head.

Such a high Defense. It’s even higher than an ordinary Lord’s. Just what kind of monster is this? Shi Feng clicked his tongue slightly.

He had activated not only Dragon’s Power but also the Aura of Fire, which increased his damage by 40%. With his current equipment and Attributes, his normal attacks should still be able to deal over -3,000 damage, even if he was up against a Level 40 Lord. However, when it came to the Dark Magic Serpent, his attack only dealt more than -2,000 damage. To the Level 42 Chieftain, which possessed 800,000 HP, that amount of damage was practically negligible.

Just its battle recovery alone could regenerate 1% of its HP every five seconds. That was 8,000 HP every five seconds.

Should he encounter this Dark Magic Serpent without Dragon’s Power, he would most likely have no choice but to flee.

On the other side, Ironwrist and the others had begun luring the heavily injured Dark Magic Serpent away from Shi Feng. If the two Dark Magic Serpents used Vicious Venom simultaneously, even a thousand-strong army would have to say their prayers.

Seeing that Ironwrist and the others had distanced themselves from him, Shi Feng now activated Nine Dragons Slash and Phantom Kill. At the same time, he had also had his doppelganger activate its ultimate move, Blade Liberation, increasing its Strength and Agility by 80%. With two of them attacking the Chieftain together, the battle became much more efficient.

Although the doppelganger’s Strength was not comparable to the original, it surpassed Shi Feng in terms of speed. Taking hold of the Dark Magic Serpent’s aggro, the doppelganger kited the Chieftain effortlessly. Meanwhile, Shi Feng himself attacked the Chieftain madly from behind.

Chop!

Thundering Flash!

Earth Splitter!

Finally, both original and doppelganger used Flame Burst simultaneously. Every single one of their attacks dealt over -10,000 damage and over -20,000 damage if their attacks triggered a critical hit. Out of the twenty-four consecutive hits, over half achieved a critical hit. In the blink of an eye, the Dark Magic Serpent’s remaining 50% HP zeroed out. The Chieftain did not even get the chance to use Berserk.

The Dark Magic Serpent’s death also allowed Shi Feng’s EXP to soar.

In addition to the difference of ten Levels, the EXP a Field Chieftain provided was also very generous.

Aside from contributing a huge sum of EXP, the Dark Magic Serpent dropped seven items.

Only seven items dropped even after I activated Divine Providence? Isn’t this Dark Magic Serpent a little too miserly? Shi Feng was stunned when he saw only seven items scattered on the ground.