Chapter 573

Such a powerful killing intent!

Shi Feng’s five senses already felt greatly weakened. Whether it was his vision or intuition, it felt as if a layer of mist shrouded his entire body. He could not see clearly at all.

However, compared to the Demonkin army before him, what shocked Shi Feng more was the sound of the system notifications reaching his ears.

System: Player has discovered the Dark Den.

System: All communications with the outside world will be temporarily severed.

System: Player has been affected by the power of darkness. All Attributes decreased by 30%.

…

Line after line of system notifications rang out, leaving Shi Feng utterly speechless.

He could still accept his communications being severed, but reducing his Attributes by 30% as well? Wasn’t this a little too harsh?

Originally, the monsters here were of a higher Level than him. Moreover, their numbers were also very frightening. Now that he was significantly weakened as well, the difficulty of collecting the Bible of Darkness was undoubtedly considerably higher.

Looking at the group of Level 40 black-skinned Demonkins charging at him like a tidal wave, Shi Feng felt his scalp tingling.

Currently, he was only Level 32. Although the Demonkins did not have a level suppression effect on him, with this many of them, even if he possessed large-scale destruction spells, they would not be enough to get him out of this predicament. Having no better option, he turned around and fled to a narrow pathway.

Although Shi Feng’s Attributes had been reduced by 30%—his HP falling from over 10,000 to just over 8,000, and his Strength and Agility likewise seriously compromised—Shi Feng’s equipment was simply too good. Despite his 30% Attribute reduction, his speed still greatly surpassed that of the Demonkins chasing after him. Very quickly, the Demonkins on his tail were eating his dust.

Seeing a horde of Demonkins blocking the entrance to the narrow pathway he was heading for, Shi Feng immediately took out an Intermediate Frost Grenade.

[Intermediate Frost Grenade]

Effective against monsters (and players) below Level 70.

Deals 800 frost damage to a radius of 12 yards, freezing targets for 5 seconds, then reducing Movement Speed by 60% for a duration of 12 seconds.

Each grenade cost 10 Silver—enough money to sustain an ordinary player in God’s Domain for quite some time.

To ensure he could complete this Epic Quest of his and obtain the Bible of Darkness, Shi Feng had been provisioning all this time. Meanwhile, the Frost Grenades were one of these provisions of his. He had even amassed plenty of Advanced Frost Grenades, which cost 70 Silver each.

The number of Demonkins before him was simply too frightening. This was no longer a problem he could solve by relying on technique. He could only use absolute power to break through. Hence, this was the best time to employ the Frost Grenades.

Tossing out one Intermediate Frost Grenade…

A large patch of Demonkins was instantly frozen solid, damage of -800 emerging above their heads. A large ice flower suddenly bloomed within the originally pitch-black area. Inside this dark cave, this ice flower looked extraordinarily beautiful and holy.

Another dozen or so Intermediate Frost Grenades followed in rapid succession. Flowers of ice bloomed one after another, and in the blink of an eye, practically all the Demonkins in Shi Feng’s way were frozen. As for the few Demonkins that remained unscathed, they were no threat to Shi Feng whatsoever. After a few evasive maneuvers, he was already past the Demonkin’s blockade. He then leaped into the narrow pathway.

However, the instant Shi Feng set foot in the narrow pathway, he suddenly felt death looming over him. He hurriedly activated the Aura of Earth’s Activatable Skill, Absolute Defense, becoming immune to all damage for five seconds. This could be considered Shi Feng’s most powerful Lifesaving Skill.

The instant the divine golden aura wrapped around Shi Feng’s body, a clangor resounded throughout the cave.

Countless black threads had struck at Shi Feng’s body. These black threads were extremely thin. In the darkness of the cave, they were practically invisible to the naked eye. If Shi Feng’s intuition had not warned him of imminent death, these countless black threads might have devoured him already.

It’s actually a trap! This Dark Den really isn’t giving me any chances! Shi Feng felt his heart tremble momentarily when he turned back to glance at the tide of Demonkins that had been chasing him just now.

Any Demonkin struck by the black threads immediately exploded into a cloud of black mist, becoming deader than dead.

If he had been slower by even a heartbeat back then, he might very well have become one of those clouds of black mist right about now.

With the black threads having passed him already, Shi Feng quickly continued running forward.

At this moment, he had Absolute Defense activated. Nothing was capable of inflicting damage on him. In other words, he had no need to fear any traps right now. Naturally, he had to put Absolute Defense’s duration to good use.

Moreover, in God’s Domain, the more dangerous a location was, the more profitable it was.

Any place filled with plenty of traps definitely hid treasures.

The presence of traps in this pathway meant that this path was not a dead end, which gave Shi Feng even more reason to advance through it.

During Absolute Defense’s duration of five seconds, with even Wind Walker activated, Shi Feng triggered a total of four traps. However, Absolute Defense blocked them all.

That was close. Fortunately, I have the Seven Luminaries Ring. Otherwise, I wouldn’t even make it past the front door. Shi Feng halted his steps, breathing out a sigh of relief as he looked at the Demonkins chasing after him.

After receiving the attacks of multiple traps, the number of Demonkins still alive numbered less than 100. Moreover, now that Absolute Defense’s duration had run out, only death awaited him if he advanced rashly. Hence, he might as well deal with these Demonkins in the meantime.

Swinging the Abyssal Blade, Shi Feng activated Skywheel Sword. Countless divine swords descended from above, immediately trapping these Demonkins within the cramped space. Meanwhile, damages of over -3,000 and -6,000 points appeared over every Demonkin’s head.

Right after that, Shi Feng switched out the Aura of Earth for the Aura of Fire, then promptly cast Firestorm on these Demonkins. A moment later, silence filled the poorly illuminated cave.

Simultaneously, Shi Feng’s EXP soared.

There was a difference of eight Levels between Shi Feng and the Demonkins. Even if the Demonkins were just Common Monsters, the total EXP they gave was still plenty.

However, at the end of the day, Common Monsters were still Common Monsters. They had dropped practically nothing at all.

Following which, Shi Feng patiently waited for Absolute Defense’s Cooldown to end before advancing down the pathway once more.

By repeatedly running and stopping, Shi Feng triggered an unknown number of traps before finally arriving at the exit of the narrow pathway.

The instant he stepped out of the pathway, his eyes suddenly flinched.

“Why is there sunlight here?” Shi Feng wondered, unable to contain his surprise.

His eyes had already adapted to the darkness of the cave. Now that he suddenly emerged into bright light, his eyes failed to adjust to the abrupt change, causing his vision to go bleary.

Only after Shi Feng had fully recovered did he begin surveying his surroundings.

Tall mountains and flowing water. White clouds dotting the sky. Lush green forests that covered everything. How was this place a Demon’s abode? Even paradise paled in comparison to this place.

What sort of situation is this? Shi Feng turned around to look at the cave behind him. A layer of black film covered the cave entrance, and he could not see anything inside the cave at all, similar to how he had been unable to see anything outside the cave before. Did I exit from the Dark Den?

No, that’s not right. The system has not notified me that I have left the Dark Den. Moreover, my communication system hasn’t recovered yet, proving that I have not left the Dark Den, and am in fact still inside the Dark Den.

Shi Feng shook his head.

He had little to no understanding of the Dark Den. All he knew was that Fantasy Extinguisher had completed this quest in the past and had brought immeasurable improvements to his Guild. Fantasy Extinguisher had never mentioned anything about the Dark Den itself to outsiders, so Shi Feng naturally remained ignorant.

Just as Shi Feng was sitting quietly by the cliff outside the cave, the sound of an explosion came from below the cliff.

“This should be an Elementalist’s flame spell, Flame Dragon’s Roar, right?” Shi Feng looked at the massive flame dragon soaring up from below the cliff. Unable to help his surprise, he muttered, “Is there an Elementalist battling down below?”