Chapter 576

In God’s Domain, a Chieftain ranked monster normally dropped around four or five items since a 20-man team could easily deal with a Chieftain of the same level.

As for Lords, these monsters usually required 50-man or 100-man teams of the same level to defeat, and the number of items they usually dropped was above ten pieces.

At Dark-Gold rank, Icarus’s Heart possessed 14 Luck. Moreover, Divine Providence gave an additional 32 Luck when activated.

In total, Shi Feng could raise his Luck up to 46 points.

With so much Luck, Shi Feng had a high chance of triggering a jackpot even if he were to kill a Lord, not to mention a Chieftain. Yet, the Dark Magic Serpent had only dropped seven items…

Moreover, all seven of these items were very ordinary.

Usually, players would have a tiny chance of obtaining Fine-Gold Equipment from Field Chieftains. However, among the seven items Shi Feng obtained, there was no Fine-Gold Equipment at all. There were only two pieces of Mysterious-Iron Equipment and two pieces of Secret-Silver Equipment. All four were Level 40 equipment. As for the remaining drops, they were three gray crystals. Taking a look at the crystals’ information showed that all three were Common items.

What is going on here? Shi Feng was astonished when he saw the items the Dark Magic Serpent dropped. Despite his having such high Luck, the Chieftain dropped only such low-quality items. It was practically the lowest possible drop one could get from a Chieftain. Shi Feng then shook his head, dispelling his thoughts as he quickly stored the drops. Whatever. Best to take a look at the situation on other side for now.

Although the drops he obtained were unsightly, Shi Feng felt that it was somewhat reasonable after giving the matter some thought.

The higher the level one reached in God’s Domain, the more difficult it was to obtain good equipment.

When players reached Level 40, the difficulty of obtaining Level 40 Secret-Silver Equipment was no less than the difficulty of obtaining Level 30 Fine-Gold Equipment at Level 30.

While Shi Feng was hurrying over to Ironwrist’s side of the battlefield, the fight there had yet to end.

Currently, the Dark Magic Serpent still had 10% of its HP remaining. However, Ironwrist and the others were not doing too well right now. Due to the unexpected ambush earlier, the party’s mages and healers had depleted themselves considerably. Now that they resumed their conquest of the heavily injured Dark Magic Serpent, they found the battle extremely taxing.

Hence, even after fighting for so long, they had managed to take away only 20% of the Dark Magic Serpent’s HP.

“Everyone, keep it up! It has only 10% of its HP left! We should hurry up and finish off this Dark Magic Serpent, so that we can go help on the other side!” Ironwrist said as he blocked the Chieftain’s Tail Swipe using his shield.

Everyone nodded in agreement, and they began using everything they had.

The two mages each took out a Tier 1 magic scroll and started chanting.

Tier 1 magic scrolls were lifesaving items. Although the scrolls only contained Tier 1 Skills, the might of the Skills was much more than that of any ordinary Tier 1 Skill. Most importantly, these Tier 1 magic scrolls did not require any Mana to use.

The Ranger had also taken out 20 Special Arrows. These Special Arrows were Consumable items. Although they were not as expensive as a Tier 1 magic scroll, the combined value of 20 Special Arrows was no less than that of three Tier 1 magic scrolls.

The spells contained in the Tier 1 magic scrolls bombarded the Dark Magic Serpent one after another, each dealing over -3,000 or -4,000 damage—three or four times more damage than what the mages’ own Tier 1 spells were capable of.

The two mages’ bombardment instantly reaped over 20,000 HP from the Chieftain.

Meanwhile, every one of the Special Arrows the Ranger shot dealt around -1,500 damage to the Serpent. After firing all 20 arrows, the Ranger inflicted a total of -30,000-plus damage to the Chieftain.

In the blink of an eye, the Dark Magic Serpent’s HP fell to a critical level. The Chieftain constantly let out anguished shrieks as the spells and arrows visited numerous terrible wounds on its body.

“Die!” Ironwrist shouted as he used Beheaded.

The Tier 1 Beheaded could instantly kill a monster with less than 5% HP remaining at a certain probability.

Ironwrist immediately slashed his saber down on the Serpent’s head, dealing nearly -30,000 damage to the Chieftain and instantly killing it.

“Sss!”

The Dark Magic Serpent hissed one last time before its body fell to the ground.

“Whew, our win this time sure didn’t come easy. I wonder if it dropped?” the Cleric, Off Fire, said as he breathed out a sigh of relief, his hand wiping away the sweat that had gathered on his forehead.

“We don’t have time to care about these things. Dustwind, you stay behind and pick up the loot,” Ironwrist instructed the Elementalist beside him. “Everyone else, follow me. Don’t forget, we still have another full HP Dark Magic Serpent we need to take care of. Without anybody to Detoxify him, that person won’t be able to last too long.”

Although they had seen how powerful Shi Feng was, the Dark Magic Serpent was no ordinary monster. Particularly, without a Cleric to deal with the Chieftain’s Vicious Venom, it was simply impossible for someone to defeat a Dark Magic Chieftain all alone.

When everyone heard Ironwrist’s words, they immediately readjusted their moods and promptly broke out into a run towards Shi Feng’s side of the battlefield.

However, before they managed to take two steps, they stopped cold.

Everyone was stupefied.

A person had suddenly walked out of the forest in front of them, and this person was none other than Shi Feng, the person they were just about to go save. Moreover, Shi Feng appeared completely unscathed. He had not lost even a single HP. There was also no sign of a Dark Magic Serpent behind him, proving that he had not escaped his battle but had instead finished it already.

The Dark Magic Serpent had an extensive hunting range. As long as one remained within this region, the Dark Magic Serpent would not give up on its pursuit. In other words, Shi Feng had single-handedly defeated a full HP Dark Magic Serpent. Moreover, he had killed it much, much faster than they had.

The difference in strength between them was simply unimaginable.

“Is he a monster? Off Fire’s eyes widened in disbelief as he looked at Shi Feng walking over slowly. “Even our District Five’s number one expert, Punishment Day, isn’t capable of such a feat, right?”

“That person is definitely a Maverick, a solo expert standing at the peak of all great experts! Once we return, we can go boast to those in the Sixth Party!” Dustwind, the Level 28 Elementalist, exclaimed, his gaze filled with reverence as he looked at Shi Feng.

“Alright, enough fooling around. Stay serious. That person is our Seventh Party’s savior,” Ironwrist said. In fact, just like his companions, Ironwrist, too, was inwardly shocked by Shi Feng. It was definitely an honor to be able to become acquainted with such a solo expert out in the fields.

While Ironwrist and the others were happily chatting together, Shi Feng, who had overheard their conversation, grew confused.

“District Five?” This was the first time Shi Feng had heard this term.

In addition, Maverick? Did these people not see the Guild Emblem on his chest?

Moreover, looking at the reverence in their eyes, it seemed that what they revered was not his strength, but more of the fact that he was a Maverick, instead.

“That’s right, we’re the Seventh Party of District Five, and I am the party leader of the Seventh Party, Ironwrist. We are truly grateful for your help before, sir expert. Otherwise, our party would have truly been finished,” Ironwrist said gratefully.

Hearing Ironwrist’s words, Shi Feng grew even more confused.

“May I ask if this place is the Dark Den?” Shi Feng asked.

“Dark Den? I’ve never heard of such a place. Our party only operates in areas close to District Five. We’ve never ventured anywhere too far. I sincerely apologize for not being able to offer any help,” Ironwrist replied after giving Shi Feng’s question some thought. “However, the other parties in District Five might know something about it. After all, the area our Seventh Party has explored is somewhat smaller than what the others have. Why don’t you follow us back to District Five? I can help you ask around the other parties.”

“Alright, I’ll have to trouble you, then,” Shi Feng agreed after thinking it over.

Shi Feng could tell that Ironwrist had not lied. However, the Shield Warrior’s words left him thoroughly muddle-headed. He might as well go to this District Five and take a look around.

Meanwhile, when Ironwrist’s party heard Shi Feng agree to accompany them back to District Five, they all showed excited expressions.