Chapter 589

“I wonder how Melancholic has been? Hopefully, she has collected a sufficient stock of Mana Crystals,” Shi Feng muttered somewhat regrettably as he rubbed his forehead.

While the third evolution of the Main God System meant that the world of God’s Domain was going to become even more fleshed out and realistic, it also indicated the opening of a new door.

This third evolution would send God’s Domain to a whole new peak.

Not only would demand of Mana Crystals suddenly rise, but the real world would also undergo some changes.

Initially, Shi Feng had not expected this change for at least another dozen days or so.

The largest impact would be the focus shifting from an era of physical fitness to an era of God’s Domain.

After the second evolution, everyone had a vague method of testing a player’s skills through their Skill Completion Rates. Players who could achieve a Skill Completion Rate of 69% or below were basic players, whereas those above 70% were considered experts. As to what standard of an expert, nobody could accurately tell. However, after the third evolution of God’s Domain, this indicator would become very clear.

After the third evolution of God’s Domain, the importance of Skill Completion Rate would grow, especially in battles between players. Meanwhile, the style of combat available would also become more varied. There would be field battles, survival battles, and more. Those who pursued excitement and limits would not miss this opportunity, and these future battles would allow everyone to witness a realistic world that was completely different from the one everyone was familiar with. These battles were far more exciting than the actual fighting competitions in the real world.

They were just like the real survival battle that caused a sensation to sweep across the world dozens of years ago.

In order to satisfy some of the world’s top figures, some of the major powers in the real world had secretly procured death-row inmates, having them engage in battle in specified locations. The winner of such battles would not only obtain their freedom, but they would also receive a large sum of Credits. In the end, this situation had resulted in many major powers nurturing their own experts in secret and forcing them into such survival battles.

Despite major governments banning these battles on the surface, many were still conducted secretly throughout the world.

Meanwhile, after God’s Domain underwent its third evolution and activated similar competitive battles, the game had immediately attracted a large number of players. In addition, due to God’s Domain’s combat system reaching the peak of perfection, the game had managed to replace many of the popular fighting competitions in the real world. After all, not only were fights in God’s Domain without danger, but the fighters in these competitions could also improve their strength through these battles.

In addition, many of those who were disabled in the real world could obtain a complete body in God’s Domain. Whether they were blind, deaf, or missing limbs, as long as one did not suffer from any brain damage or mental disabilities, they could enjoy life as experts in God’s Domain.

Due to these changes, the entire world entered the era of God’s Domain.

As for how one could become an expert? The Main God’s System had provided a concrete answer—Skill Completion Rate.

How could one go about increasing their Skill Completion Rates?

If one relied solely on hard work and constant training, they would not experience any significant improvements. The simplest method of increasing one’s Skill Completion Rate was to improve their control over their own body. Take a person’s physical strength for example. In a test, an ordinary person might land a 50kg hit on the first punch and 70kg on the second punch; this was a very wide margin. Meanwhile, this margin would only grow wider in a fight against another person. However, if a person underwent training and often participated in matches against other people, the fluctuations in their strength would become practically negligible and stable. With a stable output of physical strength, one’s body would not break form due to using too much or too little, thereby reducing the chances of creating weak points for one’s opponent to exploit.

Many experts were even capable of achieving a level of control with which they could exert as much strength and accuracy as they wanted. For example, if they wanted to send out a punch with 90kg of force, they could do so. One could say that their physical control had already reached perfection.

The usage of Skills in God’s Domain had a very high requirement of the body’s movements. Hence, such training was a must.

As a result, many people began to study martial arts, learning how to control their bodies more efficiently. Due to this, places such as training centers and dojos became instantly popular again after the third evolution of God’s Domain in the past.

Originally, Shi Feng had intended to optimize his training grounds further and secretly nurture plenty of God’s Domain experts. However, now that the third evolution of God’s Domain was being initiated, the other Guilds and powers would definitely notice of the changes and immediately shift the core of their development towards martial arts dojos and training centers.

Although these first-rate Guilds and major powers had access to fully equipped training facilities of their own, these machines were all suited for daily exercises and maintaining physical fitness. The various powers had not particularly focused on training their members in martial arts. If they shifted their focus now, due to the inherent advantages these major powers possessed, one could just imagine how quickly they could nurture experts.

“Luckily, I secured the Big Dipper Training Center, obtaining a suitable training ground. I need Big Dipper to order some more of the latest equipment,” Shi Feng muttered silently.

Following which, Shi Feng searched for a safe location and prepared to log out of the game.

At this moment, the players of District One hurriedly ran over to him.

“Expert, please wait!” Blue Frost hurriedly said as he dashed up to Shi Feng.

Shi Feng glanced at Blue Frost and the others. This group had helped him significantly, forcing Noya to use Split and creating a golden opportunity for him to kill the Great Lord. Otherwise, he would have only been able to steal the Chapter of Darkness and would not have obtained a Teleportation Magic Array

Design and a Dark-Gold Mount.

“Do you need something?” Shi Feng asked calmly.

“Brother Expert, please don’t misunderstand. I am Blue Frost, the leader of District One’s First Party. I have come here to congratulate you on your victory. Just now, I personally witnessed the moment you killed the Great Lord by yourself. You have truly earned my admiration,” Blue Frost hurriedly explained, afraid that Shi Feng would misunderstand his intentions.

In truth, he, too, knew that abruptly showing himself could cause a misunderstanding. However, if Shi Feng logged off, he would most likely lose the opportunity to befriend Shi Feng in the future.

“You’re called Blue Frost?” Shi Feng could not help but ask curiously as he looked at the Elementalist before him.

Blue Frost…Shi Feng had heard this name in the past.

To be precise, Shi Feng had heard plenty about this person before.

In the past, Fantasy Extinguisher had a powerful general named Blue Frost. Back then, Blue Frost was a well-known Tier 5 Grand Wizard, and his strength was not one bit inferior to Fantasy Extinguisher himself.

Particularly, Blue Frost had learned plenty of Tier 4 Curses and large-scale destruction spells. He was the nightmare for many Guilds.

However, the current Blue Frost was somewhat different from the one Shi Feng had encountered in the past. The Blue Frost he encountered back then always wore a cold expression as if he donned a mask constantly that hid his true self.

On the other hand, the Blue Frost before him looked to be a bright and cheery person. His current personality was completely different from before.

“Yes, I am indeed Blue Frost. Has Brother Expert heard my name before? I’m really honored!” Seeing that Shi Feng seemed to have heard about him before, Blue Frost felt hope. “May I know how I should address Brother Expert?”

Although their team had long since discovered Shi Feng’s name through Identification Skills, as a form of courtesy, it was proper to ask.

“Ye Feng,” Shi Feng replied straightforwardly. “The fact that I was able to kill the Great Lord Noya is largely due to Brother Blue Frost’s team forcing Noya to use Split. Otherwise, if Noya had not weakened itself by canceling the Skill, I would have had no chance of defeating it.”

“No, no. It is because Brother Ye Feng is awesome. If not for Brother Ye Feng, our entire team would have been wiped out. If you don’t mind, why don’t we go get a drink? My treat. Our District One’s Hundred Berry Wine is unmatched.”

Shi Feng involuntarily swallowed a mouthful of saliva when he heard Blue Frost mention the Hundred Berry Wine.

This beverage was one of God’s Domain’s extremely famous wines. However, it was rare, and its source was unknown to everyone but its supplier. Even Shi Feng had only tasted the wine twice in the past. He never expected that the Hundred Berry Wine actually came from the Dark Den.