Chapter 580

In response to Discipline Paradise’s question, Shi Feng only smiled while remaining silent.

Receiving such a reply from Shi Feng, Discipline Paradise didn’t get angry; his eyes glowed with excitement, instead, his trust in Shi Feng growing even stronger.

Previously, he had heard from Ironwrist that Shi Feng had managed to defeat a Level 42 Chieftain ranked Dark Magic Serpent all by himself. This was definitely a feat that no ordinary person was capable of.

Currently, there were only ten parties capable of hunting Dark Magic Serpents in District Five. Other than their excellent techniques and equipment, the main reason why these ten parties were equal to the task was their having learned Tier 1 Taboo Skills that countered these Chieftains.

Otherwise, they all would be powerless against Dark Magic Serpents.

As for defeating a Dark Magic Serpent single-handedly, not even he, the leader of District Five’s Third Party, had ever dreamed of attempting such a feat.

Due to this reason, he had come over personally to invite Shi Feng to join their team and aid them in competing for the Chapter of Darkness.

“When will Brother Ye Feng be able to obtain the Chapter of Darkness?” Discipline Paradise asked somewhat anxiously. Hints of reverence and elation gleamed in his eyes.

Although several Districts were participating in the crusade against the Great Lord Noya this time, Noya was a Level 40 Great Lord. Even if everyone combined their power, victory over the Great Lord was still a long shot. They had made ample preparations, yet their current predicted success rate was below 10%. The odds for stealing the Chapter of Darkness weren’t worth mentioning.

It was not easy for a party to survive in a Shelter. Besides constantly competing over the party rankings inside a Shelter, parties also needed to defend the Shelter every day lest the Shelter fall into ruin and all their efforts come to naught.

Now that an expert like Shi Feng had shown up, the Third Party would have a much better chance at obtaining the Chapter of Darkness.

Noya was no ordinary Great Lord; it was a Guardian Monster serving as the key for activating a new map.

Such Guardian Monsters normally tested a player’s individual abilities. Having more players participating in the crusade would only lead to more mistakes occurring.

Ever since God’s Domain began, Mavericks had been the ones to activate many of the new maps. Hence, everyone in this place revered Mavericks greatly as they had managed to accomplish a task that most parties couldn’t.

Meanwhile, this was the first time Discipline Paradise encountered a Maverick as strong as Shi Feng. Shi Feng’s chances of obtaining the Chapter of Darkness were definitely much higher than their crusading army’s.

“I’ll give it a go as soon as possible.” Shi Feng could not give an accurate timeline. After all, he had not yet seen Noya personally. However, with his equipment and means, he should have an excellent chance of stealing the item the Great Lord was guarding. “I hope that Brother Discipline can prepare the Tier 1 Taboo Skills as soon as possible.”

Tier 1 Taboo Skills and Curses were not cabbages piled high in the market. Based on the information Shi Feng had collected, out of the tens of thousands of players in District Five, only the top five parties possessed six or more Tier 1 Taboo Skills and Curses. Ironwrist’s Seventh Party had two; however, currently only one of his members had succeeded in learning a Tier 1 Curse. One could just imagine how difficult it was to obtain Tier 1 Taboo Skills and Curses.

“Brother Ye Feng can rest assured on this point. As long as you succeed in getting the Chapter of Darkness, I will definitely hand over twelve Tier 1 Taboo Skills.” Discipline Paradise laughed confidently.

Following which, Discipline Paradise shared with Shi Feng specific information regarding Noya.

Unfortunately, Shi Feng and Discipline Paradise’s conversation in a private chat dismayed Ironwrist, who was seated beside the two. However, seeing how Discipline Paradise, the leader of the Third Party, was acting so respectfully with Shi Feng, Ironwrist also could not help but feel a little prideful.

After Discipline Paradise left, Shi Feng looked at the depressed Shield Warrior and said, “Brother Ironwrist, can I get you to help me with something?”

“Brother Ye Feng, please don’t hold back. You are our party’s savior. If you have anything you need help with, just tell me!” Ironwrist assured, clapping his chest.

“Can you help me exchange these Soul Crystals for some Level 30 Fine-Gold ranked or above weapons?” Shi Feng asked as he took out three gray crystals from his bag.

“Heavens! You actually have so many Soul Crystals!” Ironwrist’s eyes nearly fell out of their sockets when he saw the three Soul Crystals Shi Feng produced.

He finally realized why Shi Feng seemed to care little about Soul Crystals before.

In order to obtain just one Soul Crystal, their Seventh Party had spent several days hunting Dark Magic Serpents. In the end, they had gotten one only by sheer luck. He had even shown off their party’s harvest in front of Discipline Paradise.

Yet, now, Shi Feng just casually took out three Soul Crystals…

Seeing that Ironwrist was still silent after quite some time, Shi Feng could not help but ask, “Has nobody managed to obtain Level 30 Fine-Gold Weapons yet?”

The players residing in District Five were very high-leveled. The high-ranking parties often challenged monsters of higher levels. Although only a few parties were capable of defeating Level 40 monsters, there should be plenty that could handle monsters that were Level 30 or so. Shi Feng had also seen plenty of players selling Level 30 Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Equipment on the streets earlier. Moreover, they were selling the items very cheaply. This was a scene that had yet to appear in White River City.

However, after giving it some thought, Shi Feng found it to be reasonable.

The players here were killing monsters day in and day out—especially since monster armies attacked the Shelter at night. They were improving their combat techniques daily. In addition to other factors, such as Gemstones, challenging monsters of a higher level was routine.

However, while the players here found it very normal to fight against monsters of a higher level, it was a different story for the players outside the Dark Den. Players outside preferred to grind monsters of a lower level whenever possible. They definitely would not choose to grind monsters that were of the same level as, or even higher level than, they were, as doing so would mean increased risk. As a result, players outside the Dark Den improved their combat techniques and upgraded their equipment at a much slower rate.

“That’s not it. Brother Ye Feng, do you really want to exchange Soul Crystals for weapons? That’s just such a waste. Although the market value of a Soul Crystal is equal to one Level 30 Dark-Gold Weapon or five Fine-Gold Weapons, no one who manages to obtain a Soul Crystal would exchange them for equipment or weapons. After all, weapons and equipment will depreciate with time. On the other hand, the Contribution Shares one can acquire with Soul Crystals will never lose their value. The true value of a Soul Crystal is far above a Level 30 Dark-Gold Weapon. It will be an even greater loss if you exchange it for Level 30 Fine-Gold Weapons,” Ironwrist advised.

The Shield Warrior’s words rendered Shi Feng somewhat dumbfounded.

Soul Crystals were really of no value to him. On the other hand, the value of Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Weapons was much higher.

As for why he wanted these weapons, he was planning to upgrade the Abyssal Blade to Level 30.

A Level 40 Great Lord was no pushover, and it would be to Shi Feng’s benefit to increase his combat power as much as possible. As a Magic Weapon, the higher-leveled the Abyssal Blade was, the higher its Attributes and quality would be.

When Shi Feng first obtained the Abyssal Blade, the Magic Weapon’s Attributes were only equal to a Secret-Silver Weapon. Now that the weapon was Level 25, its Attributes were already above Dark-Gold rank. If Shi Feng upgraded it to Level 30, it might reach the standard of an Epic Weapon.

A Level 30 Epic Weapon would definitely push his combat power up to a whole new level. At that time, he would have much more confidence in stealing the Chapter of Darkness.

Seeing how Shi Feng was insistent on exchanging his Soul Crystals for weapons, Ironwrist had no choice but to comply and think of a way to carry out the Maverick’s wishes.

An hour or so later, Ironwrist had managed to exchange the three Soul Crystals for one Level 30 Dark-Gold Weapon and eleven Level 30 Fine-Gold Weapons.

After Shi Feng received the weapons, he parted ways with Ironwrist and went searching for a secluded location.

The commotion the Abyssal Blade caused with each subsequent evolution grew increasingly larger. Now that Shi Feng was about to upgrade the Magic Weapon to Level 30, the aftermath would definitely alarm the entire District Five. Not wanting to attract any attention to himself, Shi Feng had no choice but to head for an out-of-the-way spot.

“Devour!” Shi Feng chose to upgrade the Abyssal Blade upon arriving at a wilderness with no other players around.