Chapter 588

“My efforts weren’t in vain.”

Shi Feng sighed as he stored the Teleportation Magic Array Design.

This single Forging Design made all of his efforts worth it. His trip to the Dark Den had not been wasted at all.

While a piece of Epic Equipment might improve the combat power of a single player, a single Teleportation Magic Array Design could improve a Guild as a whole.

As players reached higher levels, the maps they would journey to would be much farther away from cities.

Currently, players visiting leveling maps around Level 30 could still reduce their travel time significantly by utilizing the teleportation arrays in cities. However, maps after Level 35 practically had no available arrays. Players were required to run across at least one entire map to get to their desired destinations.

Even if players did not rest and did not encounter any monsters on their journey, with players’ current levels, they would require at least three hours to cross a map. Moreover, the higher level the map was, the larger it would be, which would result in longer travel times.

Hence, after players reached Level 35, it was very normal to return to cities only once every two or three days. They would return only after they had exhausted their Consumable items or when their equipment was in dire need of repair.

With a teleportation array, Zero Wing’s members could return to the city or go out to the fields any time they wished, saving plenty of time. They also wouldn’t need to stay on guard throughout the night; they could easily return to the Guild Residence. With this, Zero Wing’s members could grind more efficiently, widening the gap between them and other Guilds.

Shi Feng picked up the last item that Noya had dropped.

The last item was a dark-gold whistle decorated with many complex runes carved into its metal.

“A mount!” Shi Feng was shocked once more when he saw this whistle.

Mounts were one of the means of transport in God’s Domain. After all, God’s Domain was massive. Not only was it laborious to travel from place to place constantly, but it would also take a huge toll on a player’s body. This was where Mounts came into play.

Shi Feng was no stranger to Mounts. In the past, as the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild, he had plenty of Mounts to choose from.

However, the Mount he just obtained was different from those in the past. This was a Dark-Gold Mount.

In God’s Domain, like equipment, Mounts were categorized into different ranks. There were Common, Bronze, Mysterious-Iron, Secret-Silver, Fine-Gold, Dark-Gold, Epic, and even Legendary rank.

Mounts of different quality possessed varying abilities. Common Mounts could only be used for transportation, and they provided an additional Movement Speed bonus of 100%. In other words, a journey that one would normally take two hours to complete would only take an hour, saving players plenty of time. As long as players reached a certain Level, they could go to cities and purchase the most common Mounts.

Bronze Mounts were slightly rarer, and not only could they be used as a means of transport, but they also possessed some offensive capabilities. They provided an additional Movement Speed bonus of 120%. Bronze Mounts could not be purchased in cities and were only available through some high-level Rare Quests, large-scale Team Dungeons, or when a player’s Reputation with certain powers reached a specific level. It was extremely difficult for ordinary players to obtain Bronze Mounts.

As for Mysterious-Iron Mounts, other than having significant improvements to their offensive capabilities, they could also carry items for players, having the same capacity as a player’s mobile bag. The Mounts also increased a player’s Movement Speed by 150%. Such mounts could only be obtained through Super Rare Quests or large-scale Team Dungeons with a low drop-rate.

Secret-Silver Mounts were extremely rare. Not only did they possess strong offensive capabilities, but they also possessed some special Skills that could be used to assist players. They could also carry more items than Mysterious-Iron Mounts, and the Movement Speed bonus they provided was 180%. They were even rarer than multiple pieces of Dark-Gold Equipment.

Fine-Gold Mounts were as rare as a phoenix feather. Not even the Guild Leader of a large Guild would have one. A Fine-Gold Mount’s strength was the equivalent of a Special Elite’s of the same Level, and it provided 220% Movement Speed bonus. A Fine-Gold Mount was no less rare than two or three Epic items.

Dark-Gold Mounts were even more impressive. The Mount itself was already the equivalent of a Chieftain of the same Level. In addition, it also had special Skills that made it even stronger than an ordinary Chieftain. As for the Movement Speed bonus, a Dark-Gold Mount provided 280%.

In the past, the best Mount Shi Feng had obtained was Fine-Gold rank.

He never expected that he would actually obtain a Dark-Gold Mount from killing a single Great Lord. His luck was inconceivable.

Even Grand Lords have an extremely low chance of dropping Dark-Gold Mounts. The drop-rate from Great Lords should be practically zero. This could be a system reward item for killing this Great Lord gatekeeper. Shi Feng rejoiced as he examined the dark-gold whistle in his hand.

In God’s Domain, players could purchase Mounts in cities once they reached Level 40. Shi Feng had originally planned to complete some Rare Quests to obtain a Mysterious-Iron Mount once he reached Level 40. However, that was no longer necessary.

With a Dark-Gold Mount, he could move even faster than when he activated Wind Rider. Moreover, Wind Rider had a limited duration, whereas a Dark-Gold Mount had no such limitation. In addition, a Dark-Gold Mount possessed significant combat power and special Skills. Overall, while out in the fields, a Dark-Gold Mount was far more useful than an Epic item.

Unfortunately, it will still be some time before I reach Level 40. When Shi Feng thought about how powerful a Dark-Gold Mount was, he looked forward to the day he could equip this Mount of his.

Mounts in God’s Domain were not static. They could become stronger if nurtured properly. In the beginning, Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Mounts only possessed combat power equivalent to that of a Common Monster of the same Level. However, through careful nurturing, it was not impossible to raise their combat power to the standard of an Elite or Special Elite. Naturally, Dark-Gold Mounts had far greater potential. From the moment they were born, they were already as strong as a Chieftain of the same Level. After nurturing, they could easily become Lords or even High Lords.

In the past, Shi Feng had seen many wealthy players and upper echelons of first-rate Guilds parade their Lord-ranked Mounts on the streets, attracting shock and awe of many players. Compared to luxury cars in the real world, these Mounts were several times more impressive.

Lord ranked monsters were Bosses in 20-man Team Dungeons. If one could ride such a monster, one could just imagine what kind of deterrent it would be.

If Shi Feng could nurture his Dark-Gold Mount to become a High Lord quickly, it would significantly improve his combat power.

Just as Shi Feng stored away the dark-gold whistle and was about to turn around and leave, the sound of a system notification suddenly rang out by his ear.

System Announcement: God’s Domain will be undergoing a system upgrade. The system upgrade will require 10 real-time hours. All players must log out of the game within 10 minutes.

“Why has the third evolution started so soon?” Shi Feng was momentarily speechless. “Shouldn’t it initiate only after players have conquered the first 100-man Team Dungeon? Did a team already manage to raid one?”

In the past, God’s Domain’s third evolution was one that affected the game the most.

There were two reasons why Shi Feng had not hurried to raid a 100-man Team Dungeon all this time.

Firstly, he still lacked sufficient strength.

Secondly, the impact of the third evolution was simply too massive. It was still not something that he could take advantage of at the moment.

That’s not right. It still shouldn’t be possible for anyone to raid a 100-man Team Dungeon yet. The precondition for doing so is to have all players reach Level 30, attain their Tier 1 classes, and achieve peak combat power of a Tier 1 class. However, even with these conditions fulfilled, the success rate of clearing a 100-man Team Dungeon is no more than 20%. At the very least, a team needed to be fully geared with the set equipment from the 50-man Team Dungeons to have even a 30% to 40% success rate.

Shi Feng shook his head, immediately denying this possibility.

Currently, all of the various large Guilds were still trying to conquer 50-man Team Dungeons. How could they possibly have raided a 100-man Team Dungeon successfully?

Shi Feng had to admit that the system evolution this time would greatly impact his plans.