Chapter 582

Shi Feng killed over a dozen Level 35 Demonic Hounds, testing his various Skills.

When used with the Abyssal Blade, he could manipulate every Skill of his as if just playing with a toy. He could casually mold the Skill to his liking, very easily exceeding his past records of Skill Completion Rates.

In God’s Domain, Skill Completion Rates were an important indicator of a player’s actual strength.

In the past, in order to improve the Completion Rate of one Skill by just 1%, many players had trained arduously for days, sometimes even weeks. Particularly, after reaching the 85% threshold, raising a Skill’s Completion Rate by 1% required a tremendous amount of effort. For some, even that wasn’t enough; all the training in the world was useless.

However, with the Abyssal Blade in hand, this ironclad law was instantly broken.

When one wanted to improve their combat techniques, they first needed to learn how to control their own bodies. If one could not even control their form properly, they could never control the weapons in their hands.

Shi Feng’s control over his body had long since reached a very high standard. Unfortunately, he had not reached a similar level with his control over his weapons. He could not reach a level where he could feel even a strand of hair fall onto his sword’s edge.

However, his compatibility with the Abyssal Blade now was practically perfect. It felt as if he had become one with the Magic Weapon, allowing his Skill Completion Rate to reach new highs.

At this moment, he surpassed all previous records with one of his Basic Skills, Chop, achieving a 95% Completion Rate.

If a Skill’s Completion Rate reached 95%, the Skill would display 135% of its effects. In other words, Shi Feng’s current Chop dealt an additional 35% damage compared to his previous 85% Completion Rate. The increase in combat power was obvious.

After continuously using the newly improved Abyssal Blade for such a long time, Shi Feng had grown addicted to the sensation he received from the Magic Weapon and the pleasure he felt from his strength gradually rising with every passing moment. His heart ached to remain in this state forever.

After killing dozens of Demonic Hounds, Shi Feng’s hunger was unsated. He wanted to continue to utilize these Demonic hounds to improve his Completion Rate. Unfortunately, time was of the essence. He needed to prioritize his quest for now.

In the past, many of those who obtained Magic Weapons had told others not to involve themselves with these things as the Magic Weapon’s power would devour them. So, it turns out that the power they had referred to was not a Magic Weapon’s powerful Attributes. Shi Feng inwardly sighed as he looked at the Abyssal Blade in his hand. In the past, countless experts had trained arduously just so that they could increase their Skill Completion Rate by just one more percentage; some had even gone through all that effort for nothing. Yet, a Magic Weapon can achieve this feat easily. Moreover, as a Magic Weapon grows more powerful, this frightening compatibility rate will also intensify. This is the reason that players in the past had continued to upgrade their Magic Weapons, and as a result, drowned themselves in this sea of Skill Completion Rates, unable to pull themselves from the allure of this power.

Thus far, Shi Feng had only trained for half an hour or so, and already, his stagnant Skill Completion Rates had improved massively. Moreover, Shi Feng could clearly feel that he had yet to reach his limit.

Such power was truly terrifying!

This was a temptation that no expert could distance themselves from. After all, there was not a single expert that did not wish to further refine their own techniques, particularly in this virtual world that was filled with various chance encounters.

Even Shi Feng, someone who had played God’s Domain for over a decade, hungered to upgrade the Abyssal Blade once more, improving the Magic Weapon’s compatibility rate again. This way, he might be able to refine his Skill Completion Rate further.

Achieving a 95% Completion Rate had already increased his combat power by 35%. Every 1% past 90% could increase a Skill’s effect significantly, not to mention past 95%. At that time, just how terrifying would his Skills become?

It might even be possible to double his combat power.

The impact of raising his Skill Completion Rates was far more valuable than learning a single Taboo Skill. After all, a Taboo Skill was only one attack. Although its might surpassed Skills of the same Tier, what would happen the Taboo Skill’s duration?

In the end, he would return to his prior strength.

Meanwhile, a player normally incorporated a variety of Basic Skills into their attacks when engaged in battle. If every Skill could achieve a 100% Completion Rate, one could easily wipe the floor with a player that had learned a Taboo Skill of the same Tier.

This was the true power of a Magic Weapon. Its main purpose lay not in increasing its wielder’s Attributes, but rather, its main function was to improve the fundamentals of a player’s techniques. Not even Fragmented Legendary Weapons could offer such a devastating benefit, much less Epic Weapons.

In the past, every player that wielded a Magic Weapon was undoubtedly a top-tier expert. Some even stood at God’s Domain’s peak.

Shi Feng finally understood that their achievements were all due to the intense compatibility rates that Magic Weapons offered.

Of course, this improvement method was more of a form of diabolism. After all, most of the apex experts of God’s Domain had attained their strength step by step. They had first trained their physical control to the very limit. They then focused on their control over their weapons. Apex experts like these possessed unshakable foundations. Even if they switched to new weapons and equipment, their strength would not decrease significantly and would soon recover. However, it was a different story for Magic Weapon wielders. For those who had obtained a Magic Weapon at the very start of the game, if they suddenly lost their Magic Weapons, their strength would plummet.

Someone who had initially been an apex expert might instantly become a nobody. Hence, in the past, none of the wielders were willing to part with their Magic Weapons. As a result, their Magic Weapons eventually devoured them, and they were forced to start all over again.

However, this inspired an idea in Shi Feng.

If he wanted to nurture experts quickly, it would be best to start with searching for weapons with high compatibility rates. If a player possessed weapons or piece of equipment that was highly compatible, their strength would skyrocket.

Currently, Zero Wing had extremely few top-tier experts, and the standard of the Guild’s elite members was still relatively low. Meanwhile, Dungeons required very high levels of personal strength. Zero Wing’s advantage of raiding speed was only due to the equipment its team wore. In truth, they were far weaker than those teams that relied on personal combat techniques. The Dungeon’s Final Boss was particularly challenging for Zero Wing.

There was practically no way to improve the equipment of Zero Wing’s core members any further at the moment.

If they wished to increase their combat power, they could only do so through Skill Completion Rates.

Unfortunately, until now, Zero Wing’s members had only focused on finding ways to obtain better weapons and equipment to increase their Attributes. They had mostly neglected to improve their Skill Completion Rates. Currently, even Fire Dance, the most powerful melee fighter on Zero Wing’s core team, could only achieve a maximum Skill Completion Rate of 80%. She was still a great distance away from reaching 85%.

If he could improve Fire Dance and the others’ compatibility rates with their weapons, the combat power of Zero Wing’s core team would improve by leaps and bounds.

“Compatibility rate?” Shi Feng pondered aloud.

In fact, he did have a method that could improve one’s compatibility rate; he could recruit a Master Forger into the Guild. Although Master Forgers could not produce a weapon with a 100% compatibility rate with a player, if Zero Wing had a Master Forger, said Forger could, more or less, produce tailor-made weapons and equipment with slightly higher compatibility rates for some of the Guild’s members. This would help the Guild’s experts massively.

Only, nurturing a Master Forger was easier said than done…

Shi Feng no longer wasted time as he sheathed the Abyssal Blade and made his way to Gloomy Valley.

Gray mist shrouded Gloomy Valley all-year round, limiting players’ vision as they explored the area. Moreover, Shi Feng could feel the gray mist suppressing all five of his senses while he wandered the Valley. It was as if he stood deep within the blood mist of the Demonkin army’s killing intent. Only, the suppression effects were much weaker here.

The majority of the monsters inside Gloomy Valley were Level 40 or above Elite rank. There were also plenty of Level 40 or above Special Elites roaming around. Even the outermost region of the valley was a challenge to get through.

Meanwhile, in Gloomy Valley’s inner region, the Level 40 Great Lord Noya stood guard at the gate leading to the next map. If one wished to journey to the new map, they first needed to kill Noya.

“That’s Noya? Sure enough, it’s strong.”

Shi Feng hid in the forest as he observed the massive gargoyle in front of the valley’s entrance.

[Noya] (Demonic Great Lord)

Level 40

HP 10,000,000/10,000,000