Chapter 584

While Shi Feng slowly circled to the other side of the battlefield, Great Lord Noya’s HP suddenly decreased rapidly.

This decrease could clearly be seen with the naked eye. At this moment, Noya was losing 1% of its HP every second. This sudden decrease was even greater than the damage that the District One team managed to cause.

“Is it nighttime already?” the leading Elementalist lifted his head to look up at the gloomy sky.

The moon had already emerged.

As moonlight touched on the Great Lord, Noya began to change.

Its originally massive three-story-tall body began to shrink rapidly, and its maximum HP fell from its original 10,000,000 to 6,000,000. However, as the Gargoyle’s body shrunk, its Strength continuously rose, the Great Lord’s damage increasing as well.

Initially, Noya had only dealt around -2,000 to -3,000 to District One’s MTs. Now, however, every attack dealt over -4,000 damage.

The MTs receiving the Great Lord’s attacks had more than 8,000 HP. Before, even if they were unlucky enough to receive a critical hit from the Great Lord, they would still live. Now, however, a critical hit would definitely kill an MT.

“Take turns activating your Lifesaving Skills to tank the Boss! Healers, concentrate on the lead MT!” the leading Elementalist commanded. He had long since prepared for this.

Following which, one of the Shield Warriors activated a Tier 1 Shield Wall, reducing the damage he received by half for 20 seconds.

The damage Noya dealt instantly fell from nearly -5,000 points to just over -2,000 points.

Meanwhile, the healers at the rear began dumping heals on the Shield Warrior, easily replenishing the 2,000-plus HP the Shield Warrior lost.

However, after five seconds or so, the Shield Warrior suddenly struggled to cope with the Great Lord’s attacks.

The damage Noya’s attacks dealt suddenly increased from over -2,000 points to almost -4,000. If not for Shield Wall, the Shield Warrior might have lost his life instantly.

“Leader, Noya is more powerful than we thought! If its damage continues rising, our MTs won’t last!” a female Cleric said hurriedly.

Since the battle had begun, the healers had not struggled to keep the team’s MTs alive.

They had also specifically chosen this time to challenge Noya. Based on their previous observations, Noya’s HP during daytime was simply too high. When the sun set, however, the Gargoyle’s HP fell from 10,000,000 to 6,000,000, though its damage would soar in return. With their team’s damage output, if Noya had 10,000,000 HP, they would not be able to defeat the Great Lord within the duration of the Demon Suppressing Barrier. So, they could only give the 6,000,000 HP Noya a try.

Also, the longer Noya fought at night, the higher its damage became.

Hence, they had chosen to challenge Noya near twilight. Only, the Great Lord’s damage scaling exceeded their initial estimations.

“Damn! Its damage is increasing far too quickly!” The leading Elementalist glanced at his own remaining Mana. At most, the Demon Suppressing Barrier would last a few more minutes. Currently, however, Noya still had more than 3,000,000 HP. It was impossible for their team to deal that much damage in such a short time. Gritting his teeth, he yelled, “Retreat!”

Soon, everyone began to back away from the Gargoyle in an organized retreat. The lead MT also began retreating from the barrier one step at a time.

Not only could the Demon Suppressing Barrier suppress Demonic Creatures, but it also limited a Demon’s range of activity. Only, while no one repelled Noya, the Gargoyle was able to attack the barrier freely. The damage the barrier received rapidly depleted the twelve Elementalists’ Mana.

By the time everyone left the barrier, Noya’s eyes narrowed as it revealed a cold smile. The Gargoyle then roared.

Suddenly, Noya’s body cracked, some fragments falling from its body. These fragments then transformed into more than a dozen Miniature Noyas that were as tall as a normal person.

However, these Miniature Noyas were no trivial monsters. Although each only had 200,000 HP, they were all Level 40 Chieftain ranked monsters. Immediately, these monsters bombarded the Demon Suppressing Barrier with attacks, and in just five seconds, the twelve Elementalists lost their remaining Mana. As a result, the Demon Suppressing Barrier crumbled.

These Chieftain ranked Noyas then spread their wings, soaring into the air as they chased after the withdrawing players.

For monsters capable of flight, it was child’s play to chase players who fled on foot. After a short moment, the Gargoyles caught up to the escaping players of District One, engaging in a skirmish.

With one attack, these Miniature Noyas dealt over -3,000 damage to the team’s MTs. As for those who weren’t plate-armor classes, most were instantly killed. These Miniature Noyas’ damage practically rivaled Lord ranked monsters.

“Damn! They’re just Chieftains! Why are their attacks so powerful?!” a Guardian Knight shouted, complaining as he was beaten to death by three Miniature Noyas. Not even the team’s healers could keep him alive.

In just a moment, the team of 100 lost seven of its members.

Meanwhile, the Great Lord Noya simply remained in front of the massive stone gate, protecting the Chapter of Darkness while watching the members of District One die one by one.

If a team of 100 had to face over a dozen Chieftains, each with an Attack Power that could rival a Lord ranked monster, the team had no chance of survival.

“This Great Lord is really powerful. It also knows the Split Skill. With this Skill, there is no point in fighting a rotational battle.” Shi Feng, who had been watching the battle from a short distance away, silently clicked his tongue.

Split was a Skill that allowed a monster to split into many weaker versions of itself. If players did not kill these doppelgangers in time, these doppelgangers would become nutrients for the main body, recovering large amounts of HP. It was one of the most annoying Skills a Boss could possess.

If a Great Lord like Noya possessed this Skill, a rotational battle would be useless. It was simply impossible for a team of 100 players to defeat so many Chieftains in time. No matter how many players a team swapped, the result would not change.

However, Split was not without a weakness.

After using Split, Noya’s main form would not be able to attack, making it a perfect chance to damage the Great Lord. However, the raid team needed to be able to annihilate all the doppelgangers in time. Otherwise, there was no point in attacking the main body as Noya could recover the lost HP by absorbing its doppelgangers.

Now that Noya’s doppelgangers were chasing District One’s players, Shi Feng dashed towards the gray barrier.

“Despicable human! You dare think of stealing the Chapter of Darkness!” Noya bellowed as it discovered Shi Feng standing before the gray barrier.

Shi Feng responded to the Great Lord with a sideways glance that said, “What can you do to me?”

Following which, Shi Feng ignored Noya as he began attacking the gray barrier.

At this moment, Noya could only watch helplessly.

As long as its doppelgangers were still alive, Noya’s main body was unable to move or attack. This was the rule of the Split Skill, and not even a Great Lord could break this rule.

As Shi Feng swung the Abyssal Blade, multiple silver blades of light that could cut even space itself bombarded the gray barrier.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

After over a dozen consecutive hits, cracks began to appear on the gray barrier. Unfortunately, these cracks began healing at a rate visible to the naked eye, taking only moments to disappear.

“Interesting.” Shi Feng’s eyes glowed.

Immediately, Shi Feng launched a fierce assault on the barrier, his attack rate continuously increasing.

There were two methods to break a barrier. One was through deciphering, while the other was through brute-force. However, the latter method required a very high Strength. Without having a certain amount of Strength, all attacks against the barrier would be useless. It was simply impossible for players at Shi Feng’s level to force their way through this gray barrier. They could only think of a way to decipher it.

However, Shi Feng was different. Currently, the Abyssal Blade was as strong as an Epic Weapon. Shi Feng also possessed the Fragmented Legendary ranked Heavenly Dragon’s Breath and the Epic ranked Seven Luminaries Ring. Furthermore, he wore the Tier 1 Set Equipment for Swordsmen. His Attributes far surpassed ordinary players of the same level.

“Despicable!

“Lowly ant, cease your actions!”

Noya’s eyes turned crimson as it began to panic. However, as its doppelgangers were still around, it was unable to take action against Shi Feng. It could only watch as Shi Feng damaged the gray barrier. Despite the Chapter of Darkness supplying an endless stream of power, the barrier’s self-repair speed could not keep up with Shi Feng’s damage. As a result, more and more cracks started appearing on the gray barrier.

As the cracks expanded and were about to cover the entire barrier…

“Human, you have truly angered me now!” Noya released a frightening roar.

In the next moment, the doppelgangers that had chased the members of District One collapsed, one after another.

That’s right, collapsed, not absorbed.

Noya canceled Split midway through the Skill’s duration. Leaping into the air, the Gargoyle flew towards Shi Feng.

At this moment, a pitch-black scythe suddenly appeared in Noya’s hand. Countless wraiths emitted ear-piercing screeches that echoed throughout the valley as they writhed on the snow-white blade of this scythe.

Arriving before Shi Feng, Noya swung its scythe towards the despicable little ant.

The scythe transformed into a black fissure that was as fine as a hair. This fissure was a phenomenon caused due to the scythe’s blade slicing apart space. It was as if space had been cut into two. This black fissure extended towards Shi Feng.