Chapter 595

Shi Feng glanced at the bottle of Hundred Berry Wine on the table, confirming that it was identical to the one he had drunk in the past.

However, when he had enjoyed the Hundred Berry Wine, he had not experienced any particular changes to his body like Wind Chaser had. He only considered it incredibly delicious, so much so that it was hard to stop drinking. Yet, seeing Wind Chaser’s sudden transformation, it was obvious that the Hundred Berry Wine had some hidden effect.

Does the Hundred Berry Wine possess some sort of effect that I do not know of? The more Shi Feng thought about it, the more he felt it was possible.

Aside from satisfying thirst and hunger, some food and beverages in God’s Domain could increase a player’s Attributes or provide some other temporary benefits. Take the Black Steel Beer for example. Players that consumed it could gain the Ignore Levels effect, allowing them to challenge monsters of a higher level without suffering any penalties.

Although one could ignore more Levels as they consumed more bottles of Black Steel Beer, there were also side-effects.

One side-effect was the Drunken effect. With this debuff, one’s vision would turn blurry, and their senses would numb, resulting in a decrease in combat power. One might even lose the ability to fight at all if they consumed too many Black Steel Beers.

Meanwhile, the Hundred Berry Wine clearly possessed a similar effect.

In the past, I only drank a cup of Hundred Berry Wine at a time. On the other hand, Wind Chaser drank the entire bottle at once. These changes must only happen after a player drinks an entire bottle. Shi Feng’s interest in the Hundred Berry Wine grew. He then jumped onto the arena. Smiling at the drunken Wind Chaser, he said, “Let’s get this started!”

Shi Feng intended to test Wind Chaser properly.

The Hundred Berry Wine’s effect should not be limited to increasing a player’s Attributes if it was able to cause a person’s aura to change to such a degree.

The PvP battles held in the Lions Bar’s arena were slightly different.

Most arenas would not usually limit a player’s Attributes. The Lions Bar’s PvP arena, on the other hand, would adjust both parties’ Attributes to be on equal footing. Hence, items that increased Attributes were useless in this arena, making the fight a competition of techniques only.

As the countdown timer above the arena began to tick down, Blue Frost and the others, who watched from the spectator stands, revealed smiles, though the intentions hidden behind each smile were different.

“Brother Frost, who do you think will win?” the Oracle, Shallow Moon, asked. Smiling, she continued, “In this match, both sides possess equal Attributes. However, while Big Brother Ye Feng is a Swordsman, Wind Chaser is a Berserker. In terms of classes, Berserkers possess an innate advantage over Swordsmen. Moreover, Wind Chaser drank a bottle of Hundred Berry Wine, increasing his combat power significantly. Even Big Brother Blue Bull would struggle against Wind Chaser with these conditions.”

“Although I believe that Brother Ye Feng is very strong, while both of them possess the same Attributes, Wind Chaser should have a higher chance of victory, right? After all, he did drink the Hundred Berry Wine,” a Guardian Knight commented.

Everyone nodded, agreeing with this Guardian Knight’s estimation.

Everyone present was quite familiar with Wind Chaser’s techniques. Among the melee classes in the First Party, other than Blue Bull, no one could defeat Wind Chaser in terms of techniques. Meanwhile, against a Great Lord, players relied more on Attributes rather than techniques. Despite Blue Frost’s mention of how mysterious and godlike Shi Feng was, in their opinion, they only thought of Shi Feng as just someone who was slightly stronger than Blue Bull.

On the other hand, when Wind Chaser consumed a bottle of Hundred Berry Wine, not even Blue Bull could win against the youthful Berserker. Naturally, Shi Feng would not fare any better.

“Since none of you have a high opinion of Brother Ye Feng, why don’t we place a bet?” Blue Frost suggested.

“This is my favorite part! What are we betting?” Best Reincarnation, the leader of Second Party, suddenly grew interested.

“Simple. We’ll bet on the outcome of the battle. The wager will be Soul Crystals, and I’ll be the bookkeeper. If Brother Ye Feng wins, the payout ratio will be 1-to-2, while Wind Chaser will be 1-to-1. You may only bet on one player.” Blue Frost could tell that everyone doubted Shi Feng’s strength. After all, without having witnessed the battles personally, even he would find it unbelievable. Now, it just so happened he could take advantage of the situation to make a little profit, making up for the cost of the feast he that he hosted.

“Okay, I’ll bet two Soul Crystals on Wind Chaser. That brat has improved quite a lot recently. Brother Frost, you better not regret your decision.”

“I’ll bet one Soul Crystal on Wind Chaser as well.”

…

In a short moment, the various party leaders and vice-leaders had all placed bets on Wind Chaser winning this match. One could tell just how little trust everyone had in Shi Feng’s strength. Only the Cleric, Evening Lotus, had bet on Shi Feng winning.

“Leader, can I use credit on this bet? I only have two Soul Crystals with me, but I wish to bet ten Crystals on Big Brother Ye Feng,” Evening Lotus asked as she gave Blue Frost a pitiful look.

Immediately, Blue Frost rolled his eyes at his party’s Cleric. Resolutely, he said, “No.”

If he allowed Evening Lotus to use credit, he wouldn’t make any profit.

As the battle in the arena began, everyone’s gazes locked on Shi Feng and Wind Chaser.

The moment the battle began, Wind Chaser instantly used Charge. Like an agile and powerful cheetah, the Berserker dashed towards Shi Feng. However, despite this, Shi Feng did not try to evade Wind Chaser’s attack, allowing the youth’s Charge Skill to connect.

Huh? He isn’t using Parry?

When Wind Chaser was only five yards away from Shi Feng, he noticed that Shi Feng had still not moved, the Swordsman seemingly having no intentions of defending against his Charge.

Wind Chaser then abruptly swung his greatsword.

At almost the same moment as his body crashed into Shi Feng’s, his silver greatsword also struck Shi Feng’s head. Wind Chaser’s actions were both simple and swift.

Hua!

The silver greatsword sliced through Shi Feng’s body and smashed into the ground, creating a long and deep crevice.

An afterimage?

Sensing that something was amiss, Wind Chaser used Whirlwind Slash, a Skill capable of causing massive damage to enemies within a three-yard radius.

The silver greatsword was like a wooden pole in Wind Chaser’s hand. With little effort, the Berserker transformed into a silver tornado that engulfed everything in its wake.

Boom!

As Wind Chaser used Whirlwind Slash, a loud boom echoed throughout the arena, followed by a figure flying away from the Berserker.

Close one! Wind Chaser could not help but sigh with relief when he saw that the figure he had sent flying was none other than Shi Feng.

If he had not used Whirlwind Slash at the first sign of danger, the sword in Shi Feng’s hand would have bitten into his body by now.

“Such impressive dodging speed! I couldn’t even see what he did just now!” the Level 29 Shield Warrior, Best Reincarnation, exclaimed in shock.

“It is no wonder why Leader Frost praised Brother Ye Feng so highly. With such an amazing dodging speed, it will be very difficult for Chaser to land a hit, though an Assassin might have a chance.” Everyone was similarly shocked by the skill Shi Feng had displayed.

Although a few among them could similarly produce an afterimage, they definitely could not achieve it as silently as Shi Feng. Only after Wind Chaser’s greatsword landed had everyone realized that he had missed.

“Hehe, this is only the tip of the iceberg. Big Brother Ye Feng hasn’t even warmed up yet!” Evening Lotus giggled.

On their way back to the Shelter, Shi Feng had frequently used Void Steps to kill Chieftains. That mysterious style of footwork of his was simply unstoppable. In comparison, the technique of using an afterimage to dodge an attack was a trifling matter.

The others began laughing when they heard Evening Lotus’s words; nobody believed her at all.

In the arena, Wind Chaser finally became serious. Every one of his attacks began targeting Shi Feng’s vital points or blind spots. Of the Berserker’s many attacks, his Skills contained the most power. Wind Chaser was also extremely proficient in using his Skills in conjunction with his ordinary attacks. It was as if the Berserker’s Skills had been tailored for Wind Chaser.

So, that’s the case. I didn’t think that the Hundred Berry Wine possessed such a wonderful effect. It is no wonder the drink is so rare. While Shi Feng dodged Wind Chaser’s attacks, he also carefully observed the Berserker’s every action.

Although Wind Chaser did have significant physical control, he should still not be able to use his Skills so smoothly. In Zero Wing, only Fire Dance and Violet Cloud had achieved this standard. The two were only a thread away from taking half a step into the Refinement Realm. On the other hand, Wind Chaser was still far from reaching that level.

The only explanation Shi Feng could come up with was that the Hundred Berry Wine increased a player’s compatibility rate with their weapons.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng involuntarily shivered.

Improving compatibility rate… This was something that countless experts dreamed of. Otherwise, nobody would bother wasting so much effort to obtain weapons and equipment that fit their styles.