Chapter 598

After gaining everyone’s agreement, Shi Feng handed out contracts to each party leader and vice-leader.

Not one of them was an ordinary player. They all were players at the top of District One. Naturally, they would not join Zero Wing as normal members, but middle managers at the very least. And since they were going to become Zero Wing’s middle managers, they needed to sign contracts.

By the time Shi Feng had arrived at this Shelter, he had already considered establishing a Zero Wing Guild Branch here.

The Dark Den was different from the outside world. Players here had a much easier time obtaining Gemstones and Tier 1 Taboo Skills, as well as the specialties unique to various Shelters. It was especially true for District One’s Hundred Berry Wine. This was an extremely rare item that could help improve a player’s compatibility rate.

If this beverage were introduced to the outside world, it would help Zero Wing immensely in the future.

Correspondingly, the development of Life classes within the Dark Den was very slow. There were practically no players producing advanced products here. Particularly, Consumables that players normally required to survive out in the fields were extremely hard to come by. These advanced Consumables would certainly bolster the Shelter’s strength if he could supply them.

The reason Fantasy Shrine had been able to develop so quickly in the past must be due to their trades with the Shelter. Shi Feng suddenly thought about the first-rate Guild, Fantasy Shrine, which was located in the Black Dragon Empire.

In the past, Fantasy Extinguisher had accepted this Epic Quest and turned Fantasy Shrine into one of the Black Dragon Empire’s giants. Back then, even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Branch Guild could not afford to provoke Fantasy Shrine casually.

One could just imagine how helpful the trades between the two were to a Guild.

After everyone had looked over the contract Shi Feng had provided, surprise colored their expressions.

This Zero Wing sure is rich. It’s offering a wage that’s twice what other Guilds offer. Just what kind of Guild is this?

Blue Frost had encountered many Guild Forces before. He had also heard of these Guilds’ reputations, and many of them were second-rate Guilds. Unfortunately, although the wages these Guilds offered District One’s top ten parties were tempting, they required far too many Soul Crystals in return. Submitting to these Guilds would only hinder their Shelter’s development. In the end, they rejected all the offers they had received.

In comparison, not only was Shi Feng offering wages that would allow them to play God’s Domain full-time, but he also intended to supply various advanced products to hasten their development. Most importantly, he did not require any Soul Crystals at all. This was astounding.

Soul Crystals were the foundation of Shelters. It was one of the resources required that players required to grow stronger.

If they could gain so many benefits without having to contribute any Soul Crystals, they’d willingly join as normal members, much less middle managers.

“If there aren’t any issues, you can sign the contract.” Shi Feng involuntarily laughed as he saw everyone’s dazed expressions.

He had written this contract after taking into account the best interests of Blue Frost and the others. Not a single Guild Force could afford such an offer.

Soul Crystals might be important to Blue Frost and the others, but to Shi Feng, these items held no value whatsoever.

After Shi Feng’s reminder, everyone hurriedly signed their contracts.

With the top ten parties of District One joining Zero Wing, his Guild would have control over the entire Shelter.

Previously, Shi Feng had learned about Shelters’ development model.

The top ten parties of every Shelter had special privileges. Aside from being able to purchase the Shelter’s specialties, these parties also had a say in the Shelter’s construction; they had the right to vote on which establishments they wanted to construct first. Take the Lions Bar for example. Over half of the top ten parties needed to agree before the Lions Bar could be constructed.

Meanwhile, in order to construct special buildings such as the Lions Bar, players would have to use the Soul Crystals accumulated by the Shelter. These accumulated Soul Crystals were what players normally exchanged for Contribution Shares.

Hence, taking control of the top ten parties of a Shelter was the equivalent to taking control of the entire Shelter.

With District One as the center, Shi Feng could then popularize the Candlelight Trading Firm’s products to other Shelters. Soon, the entire Evil Ghost Domain would become Zero Wing’s resource warehouse. At that time, Zero Wing’s development speed would soar.

“Brother Frost, as the leader of First Party, you should be the most familiar with the Shelter. Do you know of any methods to increase the Hundred Berry Wine’s production?” Shi Feng asked as he turned to Blue Frost.

In the past, although the Hundred Berry Wine had been extremely rare, Shi Feng had still managed to procure some for himself. However, if District One could only produce twenty bottles per day, how could Fantasy Shrine have possibly afforded to sell it?

The only possibility was that the supply of the Hundred Berry Wine was not limited to this amount.

However, the specialties available to every Shelter were random. It was extremely rare for a Shelter to obtain a Specialty such as the Hundred Berry Wine. Moreover, even with ten Shelters producing them, the total still wouldn’t be enough to sate a single first-rate Guild’s demands, much less others’ demands.

“I do know of a way to increase the Hundred Berry Wine’s production. Currently, the Lions Bar is only a 1-star Bar. If we promote it to a 2-star Bar, then the production will increase to fifty bottles a day; one hundred bottles a day if we can upgrade the bar to 3-stars. However, that will require a lot of Soul Crystals. With our Shelter’s current stock, it is impossible for us to promote the Lions Bar.” Blue Frost also wanted to increase the Hundred Berry Wine’s production. However, the Soul Crystal requirement was staggering.

“I see. It seems that it won’t be possible in a short time.” Shi Feng frowned slightly.

“In truth, there is another method,” Blue Frost suddenly said. “Only, this method is very costly, and nobody is willing to do it.”

“Let me hear it,” Shi Feng said.

“The Lions Bar independent promotion. Through this method, the number of Soul Crystals required will decrease significantly. However, that would require spending your own money for everyone else’s benefit. Also, the Soul Crystals spent will not gain you any Contribution Shares,” Blue Frost explained. “If we use the Soul Crystals that everyone has contributed, we will need 10,000 crystals to upgrade the Lions Bar to 2-star status. Independently, only 500 will be required. However, even combining the Soul Crystals of all ten parties, we still don’t have 500 crystals.”

“How many are you guys missing?” Shi Feng asked after giving the situation some thought.

“Based on our previous calculations, our parties only have slightly more than 300 Soul Crystals right now; we are short by almost 200,” Blue Frost said, smiling bitterly.

“That’s quite a lot. However, it is not an impossible task.” Shi Feng nodded and continued, “Let’s do it this way. Frost, you try to buy as many Soul Crystals as possible for now. I’ll try to obtain some myself as well. It is of utmost importance that we upgrade the Lions Bar to 2-stars.”

“Okay; I’ll try my best.” In truth, Blue Frost had considered upgrading the Lions Bar independently as well. Only, before today, the ten parties had not been of one mind. There would still be a few among them who would hold back some of their crystals, afraid that they would suffer if they lost too many. However, now that the top ten parties of District One had become members of Zero Wing, they had become a family. With this, it would be much easier to do things like this.

From this point onward, District One’s Shelter would truly be united.

After Shi Feng finished arranging the matters relating to District One’s Shelter, he departed from District One, heading towards District Five.