Chapter 592

Destroy the leader, and the gang will collapse.

This was a law of the war.

The Elite ranked Demonic Light Jackals were like soldiers on a battlefield. The Chieftain ranked Black Demonic Jackals directed their actions completely. Hence, as long as Shi Feng could defeat the Black Demonic Jackals quickly, this pack’s fierce assault would crumble.

However, taking out the enemy commander in a field battle was a most difficult task.

As a Chieftain ranked monster, beyond being the strongest among this pack of Jackals, the Black Demonic Jackal’s sensitivity towards danger was also the highest.

While Shi Feng was still some distance behind one of the two Level 40 Black Demonic Jackals, the Chieftain had already noticed Shi Feng’s presence. Immediately, it stopped attacking the District One healers and turned to face Shi Feng. Baring its sharp fangs, the Black Demonic Jackal released a low growl, seemingly issuing a command.

After this Black Demonic Jackal’s growl, two of the nearby Special Elite ranked Demonic Claw Jackals moved to stand before the Chieftain. The two Jackals then pounced on Shi Feng, brandishing their claws at the Swordsman.

The players a short distance away were stupefied when they witnessed the attack.

In the past, these Jackals had been bloodthirsty and reckless monsters. Back then, the Chieftain ranked Black Demonic Jackal would usually be the first to dive into battle, tearing its enemies apart, yet, now, it called upon its underlings to serve as its guards while the Chieftain itself continued massacring their team’s healers.

Even an Elite party of the same Level would struggle against two Demonic Claw Jackals with 360,000 HP, not to mention current players that were of much lower Level than these Jackals. Players could only rely on equipment with the Ignore Level Attribute to have a fighting chance.

“Brother Ye Feng, let me help you.”

Noticing the importance of killing the Black Demonic Jackals as well, Blue Frost led two parties over to assist Shi Feng.

“No. You guys handle these two Special Elites. I’ll deal with the two Black Demonic Jackals,” Shi Feng immediately countered.

Under normal circumstances, with the strength of the District One members, a single party would be more than enough to deal with one Black Demonic Jackal. However, due to the gravitational shift affecting their combat power, they would most likely require a very long time to defeat just one Black Demonic Jackal. Hence, it would be far more efficient for these parties to deal with the Demonic Claw Jackals first.

“But… There are two Black Demonic Jackals,” Blue Frost said, slightly worried. However, when he recalled how Shi Feng had defeated a Great Lord by himself, even if the gravitational shift affected the Maverick’s combat power, he should have no problem pinning down two Black Demonic Jackals. Immediately, Blue Frost said gratefully, “I’ll have to trouble Brother Ye Feng, then.”

Blue Frost then led his two parties to deal with the two Demonic Claw Jackals.

Using the footwork for Void Steps, Shi Feng instantly disappeared. Even the Special Elite ranked Jackals lost sight of him, surprise coloring their expressions as they searched for the Swordsman. However, no matter how hard they tried, they simply could not discover any trace of Shi Feng.

“What kind of Skill is this? Don’t tell me the Swordsman class can actually turn invisible?” the female Cleric, Evening Lotus, stated in surprise.

“No, that’s not a Skill. Invisibility Skills have a slight activation delay. Even an Assassin’s Vanish Skill is no exception to this rule. He must’ve used some sort of technique.” Blue Frost was very knowledgeable, so he quickly realized that Void Steps was not a Skill available in the game, but a technique. “However, this technique is truly amazing. The Mavericks I’ve seen before have only wielded techniques that increased their attack or dodging speeds. This is the first time I have seen a technique that allows its user to vanish from everyone’s sight.”

Both shock and admiration filled Blue Frost when he saw Shi Feng’s Void Steps.

Such a technique was practically a Lifesaving Skill. Whether the technique was used to escape or assassinate, it could yield miraculous effects.

“With such strength and techniques, he is definitely not someone we should provoke or make an enemy of.” At this moment, Blue Frost rejoiced over the fact that he had befriended Shi Feng and had not become enemies with him. Otherwise, the consequences would be unimaginable.

Shortly after Shi Feng disappeared, the nearby Black Demonic Jackal howled painfully.

“Aooo!” the Black Demonic Jackal called out for the other Black Demonic Jackal to help as it glowered at Shi Feng, who had suddenly appeared beside it. At this moment, there was also a hint of fear within its eyes.

Shi Feng had suddenly appeared by its side, his sword easily cutting through its iron-like skin, leaving behind a very long gash. The wound still bled.

Although its Defense is not as high as the Dark Magic Serpent, its reaction speed is truly frightening. It actually managed to react the instant I stopped using Void Steps. Shi Feng was quite surprised as he observed the Black Demonic Jackal’s wound.

Although there was a wide slice across the Chieftain’s body, the wound was not particularly deep. It would not affect the monster’s mobility.

After the third evolution of God’s Domain, not only had the Gravitational System appear, but the Monster Combat System had also changed, making battles against monsters even more realistic.

This also created a new weakness.

In the past, monsters would only lose some HP after being wounded. Even when their vital points had been struck, the attack would only deal a little more damage than usual. Their movements had not been affected whatsoever. However, after the third system upgrade, monsters’ injuries would affect their movements and attacks. Naturally, the same held true for players. However, unlike monsters, players had healers to help them recover from these injuries quickly, maintaining full HP. This was a huge advantage.

When the two Black Demonic Jackals grouped up, rather than pouncing on their enemy, they circled Shi Feng, looking for his weak point to land a fatal hit.

Even an MT of the same Level would die instantly under the combination of a Level 40 Chieftain’s Attack Power and a super-high damage Skill, not to mention Shi Feng, who was only Level 33 right now. The Black Demonic Jackals were precisely Chieftains with such Skills. Unlike the Dark Magic Serpent, which utilized its Vicious Venom Skill to exhaust its enemies to death, the Black Demonic Jackals used the horn on their heads to tear apart all enemies before them. The horn attack of a Chieftain ranked monster would even pierce Secret-Silver Equipment.

At this moment, the players of District One focused all of their attention on Shi Feng and the two Black Demonic Jackals’ every action.

This battle would determine the life and death of either side.

“Aoo!”

Following the howl, the two Black Demonic Jackals launched their attacks simultaneously. A large amount of Wind Mana also began to gather around their pitch-black horns. Immediately, the two Chieftains transformed into miniature tornados as they flew towards Shi Feng.

“Crap! Dodge it quickly!” Blue Frost shouted anxiously.

These miniature tornadoes were no trivial matter. If they struck a player, there was zero chance of survival.

However, Shi Feng did not bother to dodge the oncoming attacks. His lips curling up slightly, he activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power.

After logging out of the game for ten hours, not only had his Weakened debuff worn off, but the Cooldown for all his Skills had also completed. Otherwise, he would have had to activate Space Movement in order to dodge the attacks.

After activating Heavenly Dragon’s Power, Shi Feng’s Strength doubled. He then met the Black Demonic Jackals’ attacks with a Thunder Flame Explosion.

System: Thunder Flame Explosion Completion Rate 91%, resulting in 120% of Skill’s effect. Skill Proficiency +4.

Although his Completion Rate was significantly lower than before, 120% of the Skill’s effect was still impressive.

The Tier 1 Thunder Flame Explosion’s effective range of 10 yards immediately increased to 12 yards. When lightning and fire made contact with the two Black Demonic Jackals, the two Chieftains’ Movement Speed immediately and sharply dropped, becoming only one-seventh of their initial Attribute. As a result, Shi Feng easily dodged the two oncoming miniature tornadoes.

With a speed reduction of nearly eight seconds, the two Chieftain ranked Jackals could only receive a one-sided beating from Shi Feng.

During these eight seconds, each Black Demonic Jackal lost roughly 10% of their HP. Just as the Movement Speed Reduction debuff was about to wear out, Shi Feng swung the Abyssal Blade and summoned his doppelganger. The doppelganger then followed up with its own Thunder Flame Explosion, instantly devouring over 10,000 HP from both Chieftains and reducing their Movement Speeds once more.

With the doppelganger assisting him with dealing damage, Shi Feng’s total damage output nearly doubled. Shi Feng and his doppelganger then each fought one Black Demonic Chieftain, significantly reducing the difficulty of the fight.

Thundering Flash!

Earth Splitter!

Skywheel Sword!

Firestorm!

Flame Burst!

When Shi Feng activated Flame Burst, every one of his attacks dealt over -20,000 damage. His doppelganger also dealt over -10,000 damage with its attacks. In addition to the frequent critical hits, the two managed to destroy close to half the HP of one Black Demonic Jackal.

In less than 20 seconds, one of the Chieftains fell. The remaining Black Demonic Jackal was also heavily injured, covered in such severe wounds that one could easily see bone. As a result, the Chieftain’s mobility was incredibly limited. Even without the doppelganger’s assistance, with Heavenly Dragon’s Power’s duration of two minutes, Shi Feng finished off the last Black Demonic Jackal very easily.

“This burst power is invincible!” Evening Lotus’s jaw dropped when she saw the two dead Black Demonic Jackals. She was so shocked that she had even momentarily forgotten to heal her team’s MTs.

Although everyone had witnessed Shi Feng defeat a Great Lord, watching two Chieftains die in such a short time and at such a close distance, still astounded them. They were still not used to Shi Feng’s terrifying damage.