Chapter 590

Shi Feng promptly accepted Blue Frost’s warm invitation.

However, as the system was going to update soon, they could only reconvene after the upgrade completed.

Shi Feng and Blue Frost then added each other as friends. That way, they could contact each other at any time so long as both parties were online.

Inside the Dark Den, players could still communicate with other players. However, it was limited to players who also resided in the Dark Den. Communication with players outside of this area was still unavailable.

After logging off, Shi Feng did not remain idle.

He called Liang Jing over and had her purchase the latest training equipment available.

Nowadays, with the current technology, some of the latest training facilities could even speed up the improvement of one’s physical control. Only, these machines were useless to people who only sought to improve their strength and fitness. Moreover, they were extremely expensive. Each unit cost millions of Credits. Hence, the various training centers had not bothered to buy them.

Even martial arts dojos would only use some of the older models.

Currently, the various powers that had invested in God’s Domain had not taken note of this. If Shi Feng did not purchase these facilities now, it would not be as easy to do so in the future. It was the same case with the virtual gaming cabins.

“Master Shi Feng, the volume you wish to purchase is simply too large. The funds required to do so exceed your allocated budget. I will have to report this to the Board of Directors and ask them to approve your request.” Liang Jing contained her shock when she heard that Shi Feng wanted to buy over a dozen of the latest training machines.

These training machines were meant to correct the way a person used and exerted their power with the help of AI. They also had various other functions available. Meanwhile, each unit cost two million Credits. They were extremely expensive, and practically nobody would willingly buy them. Yet, Shi Feng actually wanted her to purchase over a dozen units. This was simply a huge waste of money.

“There is no need to report to the Board of Directors. I’m buying these machines with my own money. You just need to find a fair seller and negotiate a price for me,” Shi Feng laughed.

When Liang Jing heard that Shi Feng intended to buy so many training machines with his own funds, her little mouth involuntarily parted as she became dazed for quite some time.

She knew Shi Feng’s background. He was only a student who was about to graduate from university, and he was definitely not some young master from a wealthy family. If not for his identity as a martial arts master and his limitless potential, he would not have his current position.

Hence, now that Shi Feng had suddenly revealed several tens of millions of Credits in order to purchase training machines, how could she not be shocked?

“Alright, stop daydreaming. This matter needs to be completed immediately. You only need to focus on negotiating a price for me. If the price is low, I want to buy a few more units,” Shi Feng instructed.

Hearing Shi Feng saying so, Liang Jing was thoroughly stunned. She could not figure out just where Shi Feng had managed to obtain so much money. She even started to wonder if Shi Feng’s identity and information were fake.

He was actually treating a two million Credit machine as some sort of cabbage that one could easily buy from the market.

However, as Shi Feng was spending his own money, Liang Jing could carry out his orders. She then left the training room and began to see to the necessary arrangements.

Naturally, Shi Feng recognized Liang Jing’s shock. However, he would not explain his actions.

These training machines might seem expensive right now, but once the various powers shifted their attention to a player’s physical control, it would be impossible to purchase these top-of-the-line training machines.

In the past, if the major powers wanted to nurture experts, these training machines were a must-haves. Although these machines were not as effective as the tutelage of a martial arts master, the latter could not possibly spend their every waking moment guiding others. With these training machines, players could receive guidance and corrections any time. If they also factored in the tutelage of a martial arts master, they could very quickly nurture a group of experts.

Hence, the training machines, which had not been particularly popular, instantly skyrocketed in price and demand. Moreover, these training machines were quite demanding of AI, resulting in a slow production speed. Only a limited number of units were produced each year. In the end, from its original price of two million, the price of each unit rose to three or four million Credits. Even then, it was extremely difficult to obtain one.

If Shi Feng did not purchase his own now, he would not have the opportunity to do so in the future.

During this period, due to Phoenix Rain secretly helping him, providing various contacts to sell the Candlelight Trading Firm’s equipment to, he had earned a lot of money. Moreover, the majority of his customers purchased the equipment with Credits. After all, everybody was tight on Coins at the moment. Hence, Shi Feng now had plenty of Credits on hand. After deducting the necessary expenditures, he still had a little over 50 million Credits.

In the past, this would have been a massive sum of money to Shi Feng. To the current Shi Feng, however, this was nothing. Even Melancholic Smile was treating such a large sum as if it were nothing. After all, as the Candlelight Trading Firm continued to develop, it would be very easy for them to earn several, or even dozens, of times more.

After his morning training, Shi Feng went on to guide Fire Dance and the others.

In reality, he was simply teaching them how to use Void Steps.

Void Steps was an advanced style of footwork in God’s Domain. Unlike other advanced styles, however, Void Steps placed a heavy burden on its user’s mental power. Even in his current state, Shi Feng did not dare use Void Steps in battle too often.

On the bright side, although Void Steps mentally exhausted its user, this exhaustion gave one the opportunity to break past their mental limits and increase their brain’s activity. This was also Shi Feng’s greatest discovery regarding Void Steps. Only, the precondition for this was to possess S-rank Nutrient Fluids.

However, it was not easy to learn Void Steps. Even Shi Feng had only managed to grasp the technique recently. Whether Fire Dance and the others could successfully learn the footwork would depend on their efforts and natural talent.

In the past, countless people would watch videos of experts’ battles to explore and learn various bodily movements, styles of footwork, and attack techniques. However, the number of people who actually achieved success from doing so was very low. As for those who managed to learn advanced techniques, they were as rare as a phoenix’s feathers. Meanwhile, Void Steps was a special technique that combined breathing, footwork, bodily movements, and various other subtle techniques. It was more difficult than ordinary advanced techniques, so it was typical for players to struggle or fail to learn it.

Through Shi Feng’s teachings, only Fire Dance and Violet Cloud had managed to obtain some clues. The others were still at a loss.

Regarding his companions’ situation, Shi Feng was helpless as well. There would be no helping it if they were unable to learn Void Steps. Fortunately, it did not matter much if they could not learn it. Everyone had their own strengths and weaknesses. Also, Void Steps was a combination of a wide array of techniques. Even if Cola and the others failed to grasp Void Steps, the knowledge and experience they gained would still be very helpful when they went on to learn other techniques. Void Steps was especially useful in helping a player improve on their physical control.

For example, despite Fire Dance and Violet Cloud only gaining some clues to performing the advanced style of footwork, their control over their bodies had improved significantly. They were now only a thread away from reaching half a step into the Refinement Realm.

Their Skill Completion Rates also rose from 80% to around 83%. If they took half a step into the Refinement Realm, their Skill Completion Rates would reach 85%, allowing them to display 100% of their Skills’ effects. With the top-tier equipment they wore, they would instantly become great experts that stood at Star-Moon Kingdom’s peak.

As night arrived, God’s Domain finally finished updating. Drinking a bottle of S-rank Nutrient Fluid, Shi Feng immediately lay within the virtual gaming cabin and began a new day in God’s Domain.