Chapter 593

When the two Chieftain ranked Black Demonic Jackals died, the entire pack suddenly fell into chaos, their attacks becoming monotonous.

Moreover, after such a long battle, every Jackal had received some form of injury. Those that were heavily injured had even lost a detrimental amount of mobility. In contrast, although Blue Frost’s team had lost over a dozen players in this fight, as their team had healers to keep them alive, the survivors were all in perfect condition; their combat power had not been affected at all. On the contrary, after fighting for a time, they had begun to adapt to the new gravity.

Suddenly, the tides changed.

Blue Frost’s team immediately gained the advantage as they began killing off the Elite and Special Elite Jackals.

As expected of a team from District One. Their members’ capabilities are impressive. They can deal with these Jackals so quickly. After Shi Feng picked up the loot that the two Black Demonic Jackals had dropped, he had not bothered to help Blue Frost and the others. He simply glanced at their intense battle.

Currently, the melee players of the team had begun striking at the Jackals’ limbs, particularly the monsters’ powerful hind legs. That way, they could greatly hamper the monsters’ mobility, making the battle far easier.

At this point, the outcome of the battle was already clear. Shi Feng began to arrange the drops he obtained from the two Chieftains.

He was already Level 33. Despite having killed two Level 40 Chieftains, his experience bar had not increased by much.

Meanwhile, after using Divine Providence, his harvest from the two Black Demonic Jackals was very bountiful.

The two Chieftains had dropped a total of six Soul Crystals. Unfortunately, the other items were not worth mentioning. The rest was just a bunch of Level 40 Mysterious-Iron Equipment and materials.

With six Soul Crystals, I should be able to trade them for a Tier 1 Taboo Skill. Shi Feng smiled with satisfaction.

It was not easy for players outside of the Dark Den to obtain Tier 1 Taboo Skills. If he could have every Zero Wing core member learn a Tier 1 Taboo Skill, they would have no problems with conquering a 50-man large-scale Team Dungeon.

Against a Level 28 Great Lord ranked Boss, even if they could not kill it with one series of attacks, they could severely injure it. At that time, the team only needed to expend a little more effort to defeat the Boss.

After the battle ended, Blue Frost immediately walked up to Shi Feng, gratefully saying, “Brother Ye Feng, I really have to thank you for your help. If not for you, this might have been our team’s grave today. If you need help with anything in the future, just tell me.”

“Can you help me trade for some Tier 1 Taboo Skills?” Shi Feng had long since considered this request.

Although Discipline Paradise was the leader of District Five’s Third Party, he could only get his hands on a limited number of Tier 1 Taboo Skills. On the other hand, as the leader of District One’s First Party, Blue Frost definitely had access to plenty of Taboo Skills. It would be much easier for Shi Feng to trade with Blue Frost.

“You want to obtain a Taboo Skill?” Blue Frost could not help his surprise. With Shi Feng’s abilities, he should have long since obtained a Tier 1 Taboo Skill for himself. However, although Blue Frost was curious, it would not be proper to ask about it. Immediately, he nodded, saying, “That is a simple request. No need to trade. If Brother Ye Feng wants a Tier 1 Taboo Skill, I can just give you one.”

“I don’t want just one Taboo Skill.” Shi Feng shook his head. “I wonder if Brother Frost can obtain twenty Tier 1 Taboo Skills for me?”

“Twenty?!” Initially, Blue Frost intended to agree with Shi Feng immediately. However, upon hearing that Shi Feng required twenty, he was shocked. Laughing bitterly, he said, “Brother Ye Feng, as a Maverick, you might not know this, but each Tier 1 Taboo Skill requires about five Soul Crystals’ worth of Contribution Shares in trade. Even the First Party of a Shelter needs four Soul Crystals to trade for one. If they are for someone else, each Skill Book will cost an additional Soul Crystal. Moreover, I can only trade for three Taboo Skills per day.

“If it were in the past, I might have barely been able to trade for twenty Taboo Skills. However, after I purchased the Demon Suppressing Barrier, the maximum number of Taboo Skills I can gain right now is ten. If Brother Ye Feng wants them, I won’t try to profit off you. Ten Taboo Skills for 50 Soul Crystals.”

“Ten?” Shi Feng was surprised.

He had simply mentioned twenty to discover Blue Frost’s bottom line. He had not expected that Blue Frost could purchase as many as ten Tier 1 Taboo Skills. Sure enough, the title of District One’s First Party was well deserved.

“So be it. I want all of them. May I know when Brother Frost can obtain all ten?” Shi Feng did not particularly mind the issue of the Soul Crystals. He just needed to kill some Level 40 Chieftains to increase his stock.

“I can have them ready in a day.” Blue Frost was shocked to hear Shi Feng’s decisive agreement.

Even their First Party required a long time to obtain one Soul Crystal. Currently, their party only had about a dozen or so in their Warehouse. After including the Contribution Shares they had stocked up, Blue Frost still needed to borrow many Soul Crystals from other parties. Yet, a Maverick like Shi Feng could spend 50 Soul Crystals so casually.

Following which, Shi Feng followed Blue Frost to District One.

On the way back, the group had been ambushed by Chieftain ranked monsters many times. As a result, Shi Feng had gained another nine Soul Crystals by the time they reached District One’s Shelter.

The Shelter Blue Frost and the others resided in occupied the heart of a high-level area. The monsters surrounding the Shelter were all Level 35 and above. That was five Levels higher than the monsters surrounding District Five.

Currently, the monster assault on District One had ended. Corpses of Level 35 monsters littered the surrounding area outside of the Shelter’s walls. There were over ten thousand dead monsters outside of the Shelter. Among them, there was no lack of Elite, and even Chieftain, ranked monsters. One could just imagine how intense the battle must have been.

Moreover, even after God’s Domain had undergone its third evolution, District One still managed to defend its Shelter successfully. It went to show how strong a foundation the players of District One possessed.

The moment Blue Frost and his team entered the Shelter, the players inside immediately sent them reverent gazes. Many female players even shrieked when Blue Frost’s glance swept over them.

In District One, Blue Frost was practically a celebrity. He attracted attention wherever he went, and almost everyone in the Shelter knew of him.

“Leader, you’ve returned. Did you finish off the Great Lord Noya?” a skinny and youthful Level 29 Berserker asked excitedly as he ran up to Blue Frost.

When Shi Feng saw this skinny Berserker, he involuntarily stiffened.

He recognized this Berserker.

The youth’s name was Wind Chaser. He was also one of the most powerful experts who had worked under Fantasy Extinguisher in the past. Back then, he had successfully learned a Tier 5 Taboo Skill, and his strength was only inferior to those Tier 6 God-ranked players.

“Great Lords and High Lords are monsters on entirely different levels. It was useless, even with the Demon Suppressing Barrier,” Blue Frost said, shaking his head. He could not help his fear as he remembered how powerful Noya had been. “Fortunately, we had Brother Ye Feng’s help. Otherwise, we really wouldn’t have returned with our lives.”

When Wind Chaser heard Blue Frost mention Shi Feng, the Berserker shifted his gaze towards Shi Feng, his eyes containing a hint of awe and fighting spirit.

“Chaser, don’t have any foolish ideas. Brother Ye Feng is a guest that I’ve invited. Not to mention, in front of Brother Ye Feng, those weak combat techniques of yours are not worth mentioning. If you want to fight, go look for Blue Bull.” Blue Frost glared at Wind Chaser.

He had personally witnessed how powerful Shi Feng was.

Setting aside the fact that Shi Feng had defeated the Great Lord Noya by himself, just the number of Chieftains Shi Feng had killed on their way back had left him speechless.

Wind Chaser most likely would not survive a single move against Shi Feng.

Meanwhile, Blue Bull, the person Blue Frost had mentioned, was none other than their District One’s number one Berserker. Blue Bull was extremely powerful, and within their First Party, Blue Bull’s position was only beneath his. However, as the operation against Noya had mainly relied on magical classes, and defending the Shelter against the monsters’ assault was also very important, Blue Bull had not been selected to participate in the raid. Meanwhile, Wind Chaser often liked to test himself against Blue Bull. Although Wind Chaser lost terribly every time, the Berserker never grew bored of challenging Blue Bull.

After Blue Frost’s reprimand, Wind Chaser was a little satisfied. However, after hearing his leader’s suggestion, he immediately turned around, planning to look for Blue Bull to test his skills against him once again.

At this time, however, Shi Feng suddenly said, “No worries. It’s good to be impulsive sometimes. As a guest of District One, I have not prepared any gifts. I don’t mind sparring with Wind Chaser to liven things up a little.”