Chapter 594

Hearing Shi Feng accept Wind Chaser’s challenge, those who knew just what kind of power Shi Feng wielded were confounded.

Although PvPs were frequent occurrences in Shelters, these fights were usually meant to help each other improve.

Take Blue Bull of First Party for example. If not for his notice of Wind Chaser’s potential, he would not have bothered sparring with the youth, offering pointers of how the other Berserker could improve his techniques.

Not to mention, Shi Feng was a Maverick that had zero relations with their District One at all.

“Since Brother Ye Feng is willing to give Chaser a few pointers, this could not have worked out better.” Blue Frost was naturally quite pleased with Shi Feng’s offer. He turned to his subordinate, immediately instructing, “Lotus, go to the Lions Bar and make the arrangements, particularly for the Hundred Berry Wine. Today, we’re reserving all of it.”

“Consider it done.” Hearing Blue Frost’s command, Evening Lotus turned and ran towards the Lions Bar.

However, this scene had left many of those who had come forth to greet Blue Frost speechless.

“Who is this Ye Feng? Leader Blue Frost is actually being so generous, renting out the entire Lions Bar!”

“I recall that renting out the Lions Bar costs 3 Gold.”

“You think Coins alone are sufficient? You also need plenty of Contribution Shares to rent out the Lions Bar. Moreover, the cost only a trivial matter compared to the Hundred Berry Wine. Not only does each bottle cost 1 Gold, but it also requires 200 Contributions. I have to complete ten Contribution Quests just to collect 200 Contribution Shares. Also, only 20 bottles of Hundred Berry Wine are available each day. That’s a total of 20 Gold and 4,000 Contribution Shares. This is worth far more than one Soul Crystal.”

Everyone shifted their gaze towards Shi Feng, awe and curiosity filling their hearts.

The Lions Bar was the best bar available in District One’s Shelter. Even Blue Frost’s First Party would feel a sting from their wallets when they visited the bar, not to mention renting out the entire place and spoiling everyone with Hundred Berry Wine. Not even the visiting First Party leaders of other Shelters would warrant such a grand welcome.

Following which, Blue Frost led Shi Feng on a stroll towards the Lions Bar, introducing him to District One’s situation on their way.

Wind Chaser tagged along in high spirits. He really wanted to know just how powerful Shi Feng was to earn such high respect from Blue Frost.

Shi Feng’s five senses were far superior to ordinary players. Naturally, he could detect Wind Chaser’s fiery fighting spirit.

His personality is still the same as it was then, constantly challenging every powerhouse he met. It was no wonder he become someone who was only inferior to Tier 6 classes in the past. Shi Feng inwardly sighed.

In the past, both Blue Frost and Wind Chaser had become extremely famous experts throughout God’s Domain.

Fantasy Shrine, Fantasy Extinguisher’s first-rate Guild, had only surpassed a powerful Guild like Ouroboros due to these experts.

In this life, however, Fantasy Extinguisher would not have the chance to receive the Epic Quest Darkness Descends, so it could not lead him here where he could recruit these people. Instead, that opportunity had fallen into Shi Feng’s hands in this life.

If he could recruit Blue Frost and his team, Zero Wing would certainly grow more powerful for it.

Soon, Shi Feng and the others arrived before the Lions Bar.

The Lions Bar was different than other bars in the Shelter. This bar that could only be constructed once a Shelter had developed up to a certain degree. The NPCs guarding the bar were extremely powerful, with the weakest at Level 150, the bouncers being Level 180 Tier 2 NPCs, and the proprietress was a Level 200 Tier 3 NPC. These NPCs even qualified to guard a small city. Even if monsters invaded the Shelter, the Lions Bar would not fall.

Aside from consuming alcohol at the Lions Bar, players could also engage in PvP battles inside. The PvP battles here operated in a similar fashion to the battles held in the Underground Arenas found in the outside world in that other players were allowed to place bets on the fights. Hence, many players of District One frequented the Lions Bar.

At this moment, however, Blue Frost had reserved the entire establishment, so not many players occupied the three-story-tall bar right now.

Upon entering the Lions Bar, Shi Feng discovered that the place resembled the Colosseum of Ancient Rome. There was an arena in the establishment’s center. There were also spectator stands surrounding the arena that allowed players to consume alcohol while watching the matches.

When Shi Feng arrived before a large private room, he discovered that the room already held plenty of players. Every one of these players possessed frightening auras, and they all wore dazzling equipment. The lowest-leveled player among them was Level 28, and one could easily tell that they were not ordinary players.

“Brother Ye Feng, let me introduce you. These people are the party leaders and vice-leaders of our District One’s top ten parties. They have heard about your arrival, so they wished to make your acquaintance.” Blue Frost began introducing theses leaders, one after another.

“Hello, I am the party leader of Second Party, Best Reincarnation!”

“Hello, Big Brother Ye Feng. I am the leader of Third Party, Shallow Moon.”

…

These players did not even show a hint of arrogance as they introduced themselves to Shi Feng. On the contrary, they treated Shi Feng as if he were an old friend.

In truth, even without any introduction, Shi Feng already knew who they were.

In the past, every one of these players had been upper managers of Fantasy Shrine.

Encountering Blue Frost and Wind Chaser had already surprised Shi Feng. Now, even the many upper managers of Fantasy Shrine appeared before him. Shi Feng began to suspect whether or not District One had been Fantasy Shrine’s main headquarters.

After exchanging pleasantries, Shi Feng finally understood why Blue Frost had invited all of these players.

Unlike the other Shelters, the parties of District One were fiercely ambitious.

They did not care about holding the title of District One in this region. Rather, they hoped to step out of this region and become the number one Shelter in all regions. Hence, the parties in District One were all united, unlike the parties in other Shelters, which treated each other as enemies rather than allies.

It was also due to this that the Shelter in District One had managed to construct the Lions Bar so quickly. On the other hand, the other Shelters in this region had yet to construct a single advanced establishment like the Lions Bar.

As the conversation continued, Blue Frost also revealed Shi Feng’s victory over the Great Lord Noya and his slaughter of the many Chieftains they had encountered on their way back, shocking everyone present.

The various parties present had all been helpless against Noya. Only the First Party had a small chance of defeating the Great Lord. They had not expected to hear that Shi Feng had actually defeated Noya by himself. Even though the Great Lord had been weakened, it was still an astonishing feat.

“Brother Frost, you are too insincere. You did not record a video for us to take a look!”

“That’s right! This will definitely become a legend throughout God’s Domain.”

Everyone voiced their complaints, greatly disappointed that they had not personally witnessed Shi Feng’s performance. At the same time, their reverence of Shi Feng grew even more intense.

“Hahaha! I had been completely stupefied by Brother Ye Feng’s performance! By the time I thought of it, the battle was already over!” Blue Frost scratched his head in embarrassment. “However, you are not without a chance to watch him fight. In a moment, Brother Ye Feng is going to give Chaser a few pointers, so you guys will get to see how powerful Brother Ye Feng is.”

“Leader, can I drink a bottle of the Hundred Berry Wine before the match begins?” Wind Chaser hurriedly asked Blue Frost in embarrassment. Initially, he had thought Shi Feng was only an ordinary Maverick. He never expected that Shi Feng was actually capable of defeating a Great Lord by himself. Immediately, Wind Chaser had treated Shi Feng as if the Swordsman were the strongest expert he had ever encountered.

“If you were sparring against anyone else today, I wouldn’t let you waste a bottle. Here, take this.” Blue Frost laughed as he shook his head. He then took a cyan bottle of wind and handed it to Wind Chaser.

“Thank you, leader!” Wind Chaser hurriedly accepted the Hundred Berry Wind.

The youthful Berserker was like a hungry wolf looking at fresh meat when he saw the bottle of Berry Wine in his hands. With just a few gulps, he emptied the entire bottle. Wind Chaser’s cheeks suddenly flushed, clearly having become drunk already.

“Hahaha! He’s drunk after just one bottle! It seems that Chaser still needs training!” The others could not help but laugh.

Although Wind Chaser had gotten himself drunk, Shi Feng could clearly tell that the feeling the Berserker gave off had changed.

If he had been an unsheathed blade before drinking the Wine, he was now a hidden blade. The blade might seem harmless while sheathed, but once it was revealed, it would definitely take its target’s life.

Though everyone else had similarly detected the change in Wind Chaser, it did not surprise them whatsoever. On the contrary, they all thought it was natural.

What’s going on here? Shi Feng could not help his surprise. Is this related to the Hundred Berry Wine?