Chapter 608

Originally, Serena had anticipated seeing a look of horror on Shi Feng’s face. However, even after she had revealed the contents of the test, Shi Feng did not evince any shock. On the contrary, it seemed as if he felt that the test was totally reasonable.

“Don’t you feel surprised that the final test actually requires you to defeat me?” Serena asked, a perplexed expression on her face as she looked at Shi Feng.

A Tier 1 human against a Tier 5 Fallen Angel.

With such a massive gap, even a person with a stable mentality would feel despair. And if not despair, then at the very least, anger, as this was obviously not a fair contest.

Yet, Shi Feng remained unfazed by this revelation, so how could she not be surprised?

“Since the rewards are so bountiful, I naturally prepared for the worst. Not to mention, I really don’t have a choice, do I?” Shi Feng laughed, a helpless smile on his face.

There were no free lunches in God’s Domain.

Not to mention, the rewards of the test were of such a frightening caliber.

“It seems that you understand the rules of the world quite well, so it wasn’t just luck that prompted you to pick the second option.” Serena squinted her aquamarine eyes slightly as she looked at Shi Feng. At this moment, she no longer looked down at the human before her. Curling her blood-red lips into a seductive smile, she continued, “If you had chosen the first option, then the Bible of Darkness you would have received would have been a replica. As for the second option, while you may fail the test, you will still obtain the real Bible of Darkness regardless.”

Although Shi Feng had guessed that this was the case, he inwardly felt relieved to hear these words directly from the Fallen Angel herself.

When all was said and done, the Bible of Darkness was a treasure left behind by the Lord of Destruction. How could it possibly be that easy for players to acquire it?

“Since you are already clear on the situation, I will explain the rules of the test.” Serena raised her brows slightly and continued in a low tone, “The rules are very simple. You will not die while inside this area. Both our strengths will also be suppressed to Tier 1. It will be your win as long as you are able to defeat me in the remaining time you possess.”

“Both suppressed to the standard of a Tier 1?” Shi Feng frowned.

Although both their strengths would be suppressed to the standard of a Tier 1 class in the upcoming test, Fallen Angels were Higher Beings. Not only were they born much stronger than other beings, but they also wielded many more Skills.

Even at Tier 1, Serena’s combat power would most likely be at the peak of an ordinary Tier 2 class or above. She was stronger than even a High Lord of the same level. There was actually a possibility that her combat power approached that of a Great Lord.

“If there are no problems, you may begin attacking as much as you want.” Serena smiled faintly as she sent Shi Feng a teasing look. “Rest assured, I’ll make sure to hold back plenty. I also won’t use any Tier 3 or Tier 4 Skills.”

Despite Serena’s reassurance, Shi Feng had no intention of attacking her just yet.

Even without using Tier 3 or Tier 4 Skills, a Tier 1 Fallen Angel can still kill me easily using Tier 2 Skills. He smiled bitterly as he took in Serena’s leisurely attitude.

Shi Feng had a very clear understanding of his own strength. Although he had grasped plenty of powerful Skills, they were all Tier 1 Skills. As for Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, while he had quite a few on him right now, his opponent had Tier 2 Skills, which she could use indefinitely. The only trump card he had was Twofold Berserk. If he activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power and Blade Liberation simultaneously, he would gain the ability to contend against a High Lord for a short period of time.

However, engaging a Tier 1 Fallen Angel in melee combat was simply suicidal.

I have close to ten hours left. It would be pointless to charge into battle right now. My only option is to wait for the Cooldown of Dragon’s Power to end. Shi Feng was in no hurry. He then sat on the ground, resting as he quietly observed the Fallen Angel before him.

Earlier, when he was entering the Shrine, he was forced to use Heavenly Dragon’s Power to resist the intense pressure.

If he fought Serena, a Fallen Angel who had the Attributes of a High Lord, without Twofold Berserk, he would just be seeking his own death.

Fortunately, the condition to clear the test was only to defeat Serena, not to kill her. There was a massive difference between these two conditions.

Defeat meant that he was only required to cause a certain amount of damage to Serena. After all, even if Serena simply stood still and allowed him to attack her freely, he would not be able to kill her within 20 seconds. Currently, although Serena was only Level 32, she had a total of 5,000,000 HP.

Tier 1 Skills are definitely useless against Serena. In terms of combat techniques, she is also far superior to me. If I wish to defeat her, my only option is to rely on Tier 2 Magic Scrolls. Although Shi Feng had his ultimate Skill, Flame Burst, this Skill was meaningless if his weapon could not connect with his opponent. Not to mention, in a direct clash of power, Serena would trounce him.

Having thought up to this point, Shi Feng suddenly stood up. He then replaced the Aura of Wind with the Aura of Fire and cast Firestorm at Serena.

The platform he currently stood on only had an area of 40 yards. Firestorm certainly covered most of it. At Level 7, Firestorm’s might could easily rival a Tier 2 large-scale destruction spell.

A tsunami of flames descended from the sky. However, just as the flames were about to engulf Serena, her finger suddenly moved. In the blink of an eye, she had finished writing the runes required to cast Frost Storm, a Tier 2 large-scale destruction spell.

In the next moment, fire and ice clashed, filling the space around the platform with steam. Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s Firestorm did not even manage to touch the Fallen Angel.

Fallen Angels with high intelligence are really difficult to handle. Shi Feng was not surprised.

In the virtual reality games of the past, there would only be two possible outcomes when a player used a Skill: either the Skill hit, or missed. There was no third possibility. In God’s Domain, however, one would encounter various scenarios when attacking using a Skill. Aside from hitting or missing, it was also possible for the Skill to be blocked, offset, or unraveled. Blocking a Skill would result in one taking a small amount of damage, and normally, this was an action that most Lords were capable of. However, offsetting or unraveling a Skill was a feat that was doable only for high-tiered monsters and NPCs. Meanwhile, the method Serena had used to deal with Shi Feng’s Firestorm was to offset it using a Skill of her own. When one successfully offset a Skill, they would not receive any damage whatsoever.

If even Firestorm is useless against her, my Tier 2 Magic Scrolls would most likely yield similar results. Shi Feng felt a huge headache when he looked at Serena, who was currently hovering in midair. It would be great if Kite were here right now.

Kite was a Dark-Gold ranked Personal Guard. With his strength as a Tier 2 Sword Master, he could not overcome a Great Lord, which was equivalent to a Tier 3 class, but he could still pin it down for some time. His strength should not be below that of the Tier 1 Fallen Angel Serena.

“Invincible within the same Tier?” A sudden inspiration came to Shi Feng as he looked at Serena’s smiling face.

Taboo Skill!

Taboo Skills possessed the power to transcend Tiers. Meanwhile, although Serena’s strength was currently suppressed to Tier 1, her frightening Basic Attributes and arsenal of Tier 2 Skills made her invincible even against ordinary Tier 2 classes. However, if a Tier 2 player managed to grasp a Tier 2 Taboo Skill, they would similarly become an invincible existence among other Tier 2 classes.

Thank goodness I did not store Instant Strike inside my warehouse. As long as I manage to learn it, even if I cannot kill Serena, I still have a chance to defeat her. Shi Feng’s eyes glowed. Immediately, he retrieved the Skill Book of the Tier 2 Taboo Skill from his bag and began poring over it carefully.

After half an hour passed, Shi Feng felt that he was ready.

If he wanted to learn the Tier 2 Taboo Skill Instant Strike, the first way to do so was to collect 100 Thunder Crystals, which was obviously impossible. The second option was to achieve a 100% Skill Completion Rate.

Previously, it had indeed been impossible for him to achieve a 100% Completion Rate for Instant Strike. However, after the Abyssal Blade was upgraded, his compatibility with the Magic Weapon had increased significantly. With the help of the Hundred Berry Wine, which he had obtained from Blue Frost, he definitely had a chance to achieve a 100% Skill Completion Rate right now.

Hence, Shi Feng drank a bottle of Hundred Berry Wine and began rehearsing the Tier 2 Taboo Skill Instant Strike.

“Trying to learn a Tier 2 Taboo Skill?” Serena revealed a faint smile. “Not a bad idea. Unfortunately, the time you have left isn’t enough for you to do so.”

Taboo Skills required long periods of bitter training. There were no shortcuts available. Even a gifted person would require several days or over a dozen days to learn a Tier 2 Taboo Skill.

Shi Feng did not have much time left. It was simply impossible for him to succeed in learning the Taboo Skill in such a short period of time.