Chapter 606

“This is a really wonderful feeling.” When Shi Feng looked at the black fissure before him, he could not help but recall the sensation he felt when he drew his sword before.

Unfortunately, he had only achieved this super-perfect Completion Rate accidentally. Trying to grasp this feeling was akin to trying to catch a dream.

Just as Shi Feng was about to commence another bout with the Shrine Guard, the sound of a system notification suddenly entered his ears.

System: Active duration of the Shrine has ended. Player will be sent out of the Shrine in three seconds.

“Time’s up already?” Shi Feng could not help his surprise.

He felt as if he had fought against the Shrine Guard for only a short while. He still had many questions he wished to gain answers to. Yet, before he realized it, 50 minutes had already elapsed.

By the time Shi Feng snapped out of his daze, he was already back outside the gates of the Bronze Shrine.

“This…”

Shi Feng still wanted to enter the Shrine again. However, the system notified him that he had already opened this Shrine once before and that he would have to wait another seven days before he could open it again.

Truly a pity. If I were to practice there for a few more hours, I might be able to grab ahold of that feeling, Shi Feng silently lamented.

In God’s Domain, whether it be a player’s combat techniques or Skill usage, both were learned through self-experimentation. There was no teacher to guide players on these topics. The system only provided a holographic video of the template motions of a Skill. The rest was up to the players themselves to experiment and practice.

Having someone specially teaching them how to use their Skills was definitely a heaven-sent opportunity.

After all, having a guide was far more efficient than groping for answers in the dark. The learning speed would definitely be more than ten times faster. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so many players who couldn’t achieve a 100% Skill Completion Rate.

“I wonder what kind of rewards the other Shrines have?” Expectations welled up inside Shi Feng.

Just a single Bronze Shrine had provided him with such a guidance reward. What would the Mysterious-Iron, Secret-Silver, Fine-Gold, Dark-Gold, and Epic ranked Shrines have in store for him?

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng no longer wasted any more time. He immediately activated Windwalk and dashed towards the peak of the World Summit.

Shi Feng could determine the rank of a Shrine based on its location on the World Summit. The higher the rank of a Shrine, the closer to the pinnacle it lay.

However, the World Summit was simply too massive. It was many times larger than White River City. Despite continually alternating between Windwalk, Wind Rider, and Speed Scrolls, Shi Feng had reached only the middle section of the World Summit after running for three full hours. He still couldn’t see the peak of the mountain from where he stood. On the other hand, the Shrines at the foot of the mountain were no more than little dots in his eyes now.

I have managed to reach the area of the Fine-Gold Shrines only after three hours; that’s six Special Elite kills gone. Even if an expert player were to come here, they would not be able to obtain the reward of the Fine-Gold Shrines. Shi Feng had tried checking one of the Fine-Gold Shrines earlier, and it required him to spend 200 minutes just to open it.

It should be known that the current elite players of God’s Domain were only capable of contending against an Elite monster of the same level, while ordinary experts were capable of opposing up to a Special Elite of the same level. Only first-rate experts could fight a Chieftain of the same level. As for top-tier experts, they were capable of contending against a Lord of the same level.

In order to arrive at this place and open the doors of a Fine-Gold Shrine, a player would need to defeat two Chieftains and eight Special Elites, obtaining 440 minutes, at the very least.

In other words, an extremely powerful first-rate expert would barely be able to open the doors of a Fine-Gold Shrine and obtain the reward stored within it.

I have only reached the middle section of the mountain. Just how long do I have to continue running to reach the Epic rank section? Shi Feng grew somewhat worried.

Shi Feng discovered that the distance between Shrines also grew wider the further up he went.

He had only reached the edge of the Fine-Gold Shrine area right now. He still had to traverse the Dark-Gold area to arrive at the Epic area. He also had to spend time searching for the right Epic Shrine. Moreover, he had obtained the Epic Shrine Key by the skin of his teeth. He had no idea how much time was required to open the doors of an Epic Shrine. In the off chance that he did not have enough…

This place really is damnable. I can’t use the Aura of Space’s Spatial Movement here. Only the Aura of Wind’s speed increase and Wind Rider are of some help. The rules of the World Summit were thoroughly exasperating. If Shi Feng could use Spatial Movement here, he could travel a distance of 400,000 yards in just one second, saving him hours in travel time.

Time passed by quickly. After running for another five hours, Shi Feng finally arrived before a Shrine that was over 300 meters in height. The Shrines around this area were completely different from the ones he had seen before.

“This is an Epic Shrine?” Shi Feng muttered as he looked at the mountain-like Shrine.

The Shrines he encountered before were all inanimate objects. On the other hand, the Epic Shrines here had frightening auras. Shi Feng even began to wonder whether terrifying monsters lived in these Shrines.

Done admiring the Shrine before him, Shi Feng walked up and touched its doors.

System: Epic Shrine Key detected. You are qualified to open the doors of the Epic Shrine. Do you wish to spend 1,000 minutes to open them?

“A thousand minutes?” Shi Feng breathed out a sigh of relief. “I still have slightly more than 1,600 minutes right now. I will have plenty of time remaining even after I open an Epic Shrine. I should be able to locate the Shrine storing the Bible of Darkness within 600 minutes.”

The World Summit had a large number of Shrines, and the same held true even for Epic Shrines. Shi Feng counted nine Epic Shrines just within his range of vision. There were also plenty more up above. He guessed that the total number of Epic Shrines on the World Summit exceeded a hundred.

These Shrines were different from each other. There was a huge difference just in terms of the elemental mana surrounding these Shrines. Some Shrines released bright and dazzling elemental mana, and others released flaming elemental mana. Even Shrines that released the same type of mana would have different images engraved on their doors—images of Angels, Demons, and many other races. Some Shrine doors even depicted Gods. Hence, Shi Feng would not have difficulty looking for the Shrine that contained the Bible of Darkness, so long as he had sufficient time.

“The Bible of Darkness is a treasure of the Demon race. It should be stored in one of the Demonic Shrines of the darkness element.” Although Shi Feng had little understanding of the World Summit, he knew quite a lot regarding mana.

A curse was categorized as a darkness Skill. Since it was a Great Demon who had cursed him, the Great Demon knew how to cast darkness spells. This meant that the Bible of Darkness had to be related to a Shrine of the darkness element.

With a target in mind, Shi Feng quickly began his search. Very easily, he had managed to locate five Darkness Shrines. Among them, only two belonged to the Demon race. Meanwhile, of these two Shrines, one belonged to the Lord of Destruction, while the other belonged to the Lord of Nightmares.

The Bible of Darkness was a descriptive record of all Demons written by the Lord of Destruction. Rumor had it that as long as one managed to control the Bible of Darkness, they would become the Lord of Demons with all Demons obedient to their commands.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng opened the Lord of Destruction’s Shrine.

When the black stone doors parted, an ancient aura washed over him. Shi Feng could feel the origin of destruction contained within this aura. The pressure he felt coming from within the Shrine was far more powerful than what he had felt from the Tier 5 Fallen Angel he encountered before.

“Amazing. It is only a Shrine. There is clearly no living being inside, yet it gives off such an overwhelming pressure. As expected of the Lord of Destruction’s Shrine,” Shi Feng exclaimed. “Heavenly Dragon’s Power, activate!”

The immense pressure made even walking a difficult task for Shi Feng. However, after activating Heavenly Dragon’s Power, the weight pressing down on him lessened significantly. He was then able to enter the Shrine with relative ease.