Chapter 607

The moment Shi Feng stepped into the Shrine, it was as if he had arrived in another world.

He could hear the chirping of birds and smell the fragrance of flowers. Verdant trees and grass filled his vision. Instead of a Shrine, this place looked more like a garden.

“Fallen Angel!”

Inside the garden, Shi Feng immediately discovered the Fallen Angel that had killed him previously.

Three pairs of pitch-black wings, a perfect, enchanting body, long and slender legs, as well as that jade-white skin and flawless face… Of all the women Shi Feng knew, only the Great Divine Official Sharlyn was a match for this Fallen Angel. Any other woman standing before her would simply pale in comparison.

“Human, you sure are fast,” the Tier 5 Fallen Angel giggled as she looked at Shi Feng with her aquamarine eyes. “You Adventurers are truly blessed by the heavens, being born with an Immortal Soul. Even we would find it difficult to thoroughly kill you Adventurers.”

Even until now, Shi Feng still got chills whenever he thought back to how the Fallen Angel had killed him instantly.

Most likely, only a few players throughout the entire God’s Domain could rival that near-perfect combat technique.

If he had not known that only rewards—and no punishments—awaited him inside these Shrines, he would have long since fled this Shrine.

“My name is Serena. Come over. You entered the World Summit normally this time, so I won’t kill you,” Serena laughed as she beckoned Shi Feng with her hand. “Since you’ve managed to make it to this place, it shows that you indeed possess some ability. I can give you two options.”

“Two options?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

“Though I say options, in reality, they are just two reward methods.” Serena nodded lightly. “The first option is obtaining the Bible of Darkness that is stored in this place directly. The second option is undertaking a small test. Through the second option, you will not only obtain the Bible of Darkness but also have a chance to win these items.”

Serena waved her hand lightly.

Suddenly, three Rainbow Treasure Chests appeared in midair.

The first Rainbow Treasure Chest contained a large number of Soul Crystals. A simple glance told Shi Feng that there were over a hundred crystals at the very minimum.

In the Dark Den, the Soul Crystal was the foundation of all development. A sudden infusion of more than a hundred Soul Crystals would definitely increase a Shelter’s strength significantly.

The second Rainbow Treasure Chest contained a black stone tablet that looked similar to the Chapter of Darkness. However, the name displayed was Chapter of Shelter. It could be used to immediately promote a Shelter by a single rank, up to a maximum of Large Shelter.

There’s such a good item available as well? Sure enough, the rewards of an Epic Shrine are astonishing. Shi Feng grew very excited when he saw these two rewards.

Promoting the Shelters found inside the Dark Den was extremely difficult. Besides the astronomical number of Soul Crystals required, players also needed to complete a series of quests in order to promote a Shelter. The manpower and resources necessary to do so were extremely daunting. Even the Shelter at District One had yet to be promoted to a Large Shelter until now. One could just imagine how difficult a feat it was. Only a Shelter supported by a large Guild was capable of becoming a Large Shelter after amassing all the resources collected by the multiple Shelters controlled by said Guild.

Once he obtained the Chapter of Shelter, he could immediately upgrade a Medium Shelter to a Large Shelter. This would be of immense help for District One’s Shelter, which was under Zero Wing’s control.

However, when Serena opened the third Rainbow Treasure Chest, Shi Feng was thoroughly stupefied.

“Magic Device Design!” Shi Feng’s eyes turned bloodshot as he looked at the dilapidated design inside the treasure chest. He could not help but wish he could snatch it up right away.

“Oh? I did not think that a human like you would know about this item. Since you know about Magic Devices, then you must know what a Magic Device Design represents. Its value is only slightly lower than the Bible of Darkness’s. You humans, however, would probably appraise the Design more highly.” The Fallen Angel Serena smiled in satisfaction upon seeing Shi Feng’s reaction. “Say it, then. Which reward do you choose?”

At these words, Shi Feng fell silent.

A product of God’s Domain’s magical civilization when it was at its peak, the Magic Device represented the pinnacle of alchemy, forging, and engineering combined—as well as the end of the era of the gods. Even the lowest ranked Bronze Magic Device boosted a player’s strength to a whole new level, not to mention a Magic Device Design.

Even the lowest ranked Bronze Magic Device Design could provoke a war between Guilds.

In the past, when a Mysterious-Iron Magic Device Design had appeared, over a dozen countries and more than a hundred Guilds had fought over it. Multiple Super Guilds had also participated. The death toll for that war was innumerable. A rough estimation had pegged it at five million. In the end, a Super Guild had emerged victorious.

As for Shadow, which had been a second-rate Guild back then, it had not dared to even participate in the war. It could only stand on the sidelines and watch.

Now that a Magic Device Design appeared right in front of him, how could Shi Feng not grow excited?

Magic Devices were similar to the Mana Armor Kits. In the Magic Device’s case, however, it did not increase any Basic Attributes. Instead, it was mounted on a weapon to increase the weapon’s strength. Every weapon could only mount one Magic Device.

After God’s Domain underwent its third evolution, whether it was a battle against players or against monsters, an injury would reduce a player’s combat power. And while players could rely on heals to recover from their injuries, the deterioration of their weapons was inevitable. It was especially true when players fought against high-ranking monsters. Unless one’s weapon was of high quality, players would have great difficulty injuring a Lord and reducing its combat power since Lords had skin that was as hard as steel.

Meanwhile, a Magic Device could be used to strengthen a weapon. Not only could it make a weapon sharper, but it could also bestow special effects such as Reduced Weight, Increased Weight, Hardness, Mirage, Paralysis, and other effects that could improve a player’s combat power significantly.

Most importantly, Magic Devices were not Consumable items. Like inlaid Gemstones, they could be taken off the weapons they were mounted on. Whether it was a Level 1 Common Weapon or a Level 200 Epic Weapon, players could freely transfer their Magic Devices between them.

This was the reason why players were so attracted to Magic Devices.

However, Magic Devices were extremely difficult to produce; hence, production volumes were very low. Even after reaching Level 100, most players still did not have their own Magic Devices. In the past, as the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild, Shi Feng owned only a Mysterious-Iron Magic Device, even after he was over Level 100. As for other independent experts, they possessed only Bronze Magic Devices.

If he could obtain a Magic Device Design right now, it would definitely become one of Zero Wing’s trump cards.

“Have you come to a decision?” Serena asked, smiling as she flourished the Magic Device Design in her hand. “Time waits for no one. You only have three minutes to decide. If you do not give me an answer, I will take it as you picking the first option, and you may leave once you obtain the Bible of Darkness.”

“To hell with it.” Shi Feng looked at the Fallen Angel, a passionate flame burning in his heart. “I choose the second option.”

Both the Chapter of Shelter and the Magic Device Design were items that were not easily acquired. The difficulty of obtaining the Magic Device Design was even above that for an Epic item. Otherwise, Magic Devices wouldn’t have been so rare in the past.

“Good. I knew you were a smart man. Let’s begin, then.” Serena smiled in satisfaction.

She then waved her hand. The entire garden promptly vanished, and replacing it was a volcanic hell. Molten magma surrounded a 40-yard area of solid ground. The ambient temperature was scorching hot; any ordinary player would most likely broil to death slowly. Only someone like Shi Feng, who possessed high Fire Resistance, could stay in this place for long periods of time. Meanwhile, the gravity here had also increased to 3 g, which would greatly affect a player’s mobility.

“Come, then. If you can defeat me, you win,” Serena said, smiling as she looked down at Shi Feng from midair.