Chapter 604

Shi Feng had prepared extensively to obtain the Bible of Darkness.

His preparations included this aqua-blue Magic Scroll.

Although Lords were powerful, in the end, they were only Tier 2 monsters. It was only their high HP and damage, which were far superior to ordinary players’, that made them so difficult to deal with.

When Shi Feng activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power, his Attributes were no longer below that of a Lord of the same Level. With his superior dodging techniques and powerful Skills, he could easily defeat a Lord of the same Level. However, with three Golden Puppets working seamlessly together, all Shi Feng could do was dodge.

As Shi Feng unfurled the aqua-blue Magic Scroll, the surrounding Water Mana surged towards the paper. In a moment, the Mana formed a massive, six-star magic array.

“Go!” Shi Feng pointed at the three Golden Puppets.

Suddenly, water surged from the six-star magic array and swept over the bodies of the three Golden Puppets. In the blink of an eye, a small lake formed within an area of 50 yards. Although the water only reached the Golden Puppets’ knees, the lake itself seemed to possess life as it formed dozens of water whips to bind the three Lords.

The three Golden Puppets desperately struggled to break free of these water whips.

Facing a Lord’s power, these water whips snapped easily. However, the whips were seemingly endless; the moment one broke, another would immediately rise from the lake to take its place. As a result, it became extremely difficult for these Golden Puppets to move.

“Give it up. You guys are only Lords. Against a Tier 2 Domain Skill, Binding Current, you don’t stand a chance,” Shi Feng growled, annoyed at the loss of the Tier 2 Magic Scroll.

Zero Wing possessed quite a few Tier 2 Magic Scrolls. Yet, even among them, Binding Current was somewhat special. Binding Current was a Domain Skill, far rarer than even large-scale destruction spells. Although the Skill did not have any Attack Power, it was capable of restricting enemies. Shi Feng only possessed one such Magic Scroll. Once it was used, it would be very difficult to obtain another.

Binding Current had a duration of ten minutes. During these ten minutes, all enemies within the Domain would be bound by water currents, their movements greatly affected. Even Lords’ strength would be significantly restricted while inside this Domain.

“Die!” Shi Feng immediately struck a Golden Puppet.

With the endless currents, the three Golden Puppets could no longer work in sync. This allowed Shi Feng to focus his attacks on a single Golden Puppet safely.

Chop!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

Thundering Flash!

Shi Feng used one Skill after another on the Golden Puppet. Due to Black Emperor, Shi Feng could decrease his Skills’ Cooldowns significantly. Shi Feng’s Chop was practically without a Cooldown. In addition, Shi Feng the bottle of Hundred Berry Wine allowed his Skill Completion Rates to remain above 95%. Every time Shi Feng used Chop, he obliterated nearly 30,000 HP from the Golden Puppet. As a result, the Golden Puppet’s 1,600,000 HP decreased at a rate visible to the naked eye.

When the Golden Puppet’s HP fell to 30%, Shi Feng suddenly sensed danger. Hurriedly, he retreated by several steps.

Boom!

After backing up, a powerful impact slammed into Shi Feng, sending him flying over a dozen yards backward.

“This is… Absolute Domain!” Shi Feng was shocked.

At this moment, a faint gray membrane surrounded the Golden Puppet with only 30% of its HP remaining. When the countless water whips collided with his gray membrane, they were immediately repelled, unable to enter the Domain.

Without the currents binding it, the Golden Puppet recovered its speed fully. In the blink of an eye, the Golden Puppet arrived before Shi Feng and brandished its twin swords. The puppet’s swords were like whips as they viciously assailed Shi Feng.

“Just in time.”

Shi Feng involuntarily smiled. As if he had long since seen through the Golden Puppet’s intentions, he nimbly bent his body, allowing the whip-like swords to move over his body unhindered. The puppet’s swords slid against Shi Feng’s body as they passed. However, they did not truly connect with Shi Feng.

Flowing Water Realm!

Shi Feng was like flowing water as he received the Golden Puppet’s barrage, evading the countless sword lights smoothly. He would also occasionally strike back at the Golden Puppet, his attacks targeting the monster’s joints.

If the Puppet were capable of using any other Skills, Shi Feng might really be in a predicament. However, since it could only use Absolute Domain, a Skill that dispelled all Control Skills targeting its user, the Golden Puppet was no threat at all.

In terms of power, he was not one bit inferior to a Lord. As for speed, although he was slower than the Golden Puppet, he could make up for the gap with his dodging techniques. Moreover, even in the event that dodging was not possible, he could confront the Puppet directly. He was not afraid of facing the Lord in melee combat.

After roughly a dozen seconds, Shi Feng finally defeated one of the Golden Puppets.

With the death of one Golden Puppet, Shi Feng’s concerns had gone out the window. His chances of victory instantly increased to more than 50%. He then proceeded to deal with the second Golden Puppet.

When Heavenly Dragon’s Power’s duration finally ended, Shi Feng used the Tier 2 Magic Scroll, Scorching Saber, to finish off the second Golden Puppet.

Shi Feng glanced at Flame Burst’s Cooldown before shifting his gaze towards the final Golden Puppet. Smiling faintly, he muttered, “I can finally end this.”

After roughly two minutes of exhausting battle, Shi Feng finally managed to wear down the Golden Puppet’s HP to 1,000,000.

Not wanting to waste any more time, Shi Feng activated Blade Liberation, increasing both his Strength and Agility Attributes by 90%. He then proceeded to torture the last Golden Puppet to death.

Compared to when he had activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power, his attacks dealt slightly less damage. However, due to his increased Attack Speed, his total damage was higher than before.

When the Golden Puppet was about to activate its Absolute Domain, Shi Feng activated his ultimate Skills, Flame Burst and Dragon Breath, killing the Golden Puppet, which only had 30% HP remaining, instantly.

When the battle ended, the sound of a system notification rang out by Shi Feng’s ears.

System: You have completed the S-rank difficulty test. Rewarding Epic Shrine Key. You have received 2,200 minutes.

After the test ended, Shi Feng did not rush towards the mountain. Instead, he chose to rest for a moment.

When Blade Liberation ended, he would enter a Weakened state for three minutes. Moreover, he had no idea of what to expect on the mountain.

Since he had already qualified to enter the World Summit and was not in a hurry, he could take the chance to recover his mental state. After all, high-intensity battles were very taxing on the mind. He could also take this opportunity to wait for the Heavenly Dragon’s Power’s Cooldown to end.

“This test alone has forced me to use so many of my hidden cards. Just what awaits me on the mountain?” Shi Feng could not help but shudder whenever he recalled the Tier 5 Fallen Angel that had appeared before him.

Three hours passed quickly. Holding the purple-gold key, Shi Feng arrived before the gates to the World Summit.

The moment Shi Feng set foot on the World Summit, the time he had obtained through the test began to count down.

“No monsters?” Shi Feng muttered, confused.

He was not in a hurry. Examining his surroundings, other than the ten-meter tall Shrines, nothing hindered his path.

Shi Feng then activated Windwalk and ran towards the nearest ten-meter tall Shrine.

The stone doors in front of the dazzling golden Shrine were shut tightly. When Shi Feng touched the stone doors, the sound of a system notification reached his ears.

System: Epic Shrine Key detected. You are qualified to open the doors of this Bronze Shrine. Do you wish to spend 50 minutes to open them?

“Crap! Opening the Shrines requires time?” Originally, Shi Feng thought he would have sufficient time to search for the Bible of Darkness. With this new development, however, that notion had changed.

However, Shi Feng had no idea as to what was inside these Shrines. He needed a better understanding so that he could face any future developments.

“Open the doors!” Shi Feng said, gritting his teeth.