Chapter 617

After the Great Demon Kildred died, Shi Feng discovered a particularly interesting item.

A Design had dropped from the Demon. However, this was no ordinary Design. The Design Kildred had dropped was nearly four times larger than ordinary Designs.

“Stable Design!” Shi Feng could not help his shock after examining the item.

In God’s Domain, after players reached Level 40, they could use Mounts rather than relying on their own two feet to travel.

Players could purchase Common Mounts from the various large cities. Of course, players were also required to have a certain amount of Reputation before they could make this purchase. As for higher ranking mounts, players could only obtain them through quests, raiding Team Dungeons, and killing high ranking Field Bosses.

Guild players had one other avenue to obtain a Mount.

The Guild Mount!

Guild Mounts were different from the generalized Mounts that one could purchase from cities. They were Mounts unique to Guilds. They could also be considered the symbol of a Guild. Not only did Guild Mounts possess higher Movement Speeds than Common Mounts, but they could also be upgraded. Only, upgrading a Mount was very difficult. However, high-quality Mounts were an ordinary player’s dream.

How could a Guild obtain Guild Mounts?

They could do so with the Stable!

In order to obtain a Guild Mount, a Guild had to construct a Stable in its Residence and recruit NPCs to nurture the Mount. Guild members could only purchase these Mounts with Guild Contribution Points.

In the past, to obtain a Guild Mount, many independent players had desperately tried to join a Guild.

As for why they were so desperate to obtain a Guild Mount, aside from Guild Mounts having higher Movement Speed and being upgradable, the key benefit was that the Mounts had unique appearances. Guild Mounts had different appearances from the Common Mounts one could purchase from cities, so if one rode a Guild Mount while roaming a city’s streets, they would attract a lot of attention. Not only could a Guild Mount serve to raise the reputation of its rider, but they were great ice-breakers.

The Mounts one could purchase from cities only consisted of horses. The only difference between them was their coloring. However, Guild Mounts were not limited to horses; there were many other rideable species. Based on Shi Feng’s knowledge, there were several thousand Mount species in God’s Domain. Hence, most Guilds would have their own unique Mounts.

Why were there so many species of Guild Mounts?

It was because Guild Mounts were either wild beasts or Demonic Beasts that had been captured, tamed, cultivated, and propagated until they were finally rideable. This was why there were so many species available. Similarly, it was not easy for a Guild to obtain a Guild Mount. This required a large amount of resources and manpower.

Now that I have the Stable Design, I can push ahead with the plan to develop Zero Wing’s Mount. Shi Feng had considered a few locations where he could capture rare Mounts.

In the past, the various large Guilds throughout God’s Domain had headaches over the acquisition of their Guild Mounts. After all, depending on the beast they caught and the method they used to nurture said beast, the Mount’s Attributes would be different. If a beast were nurtured properly, it could start with a rank close to Bronze. The Mount could also increase Movement Speed up to 115%. One could just imagine how beneficial this would be to a Guild.

While everyone used Common Mounts, they could obtain a Mount that was close to Bronze rank. With some additional nurturing, the Guild would have a batch of Bronze Mounts. At Bronze rank, Mounts could assist players in battle. This alone would allow them to widen the gap between themselves and other players. Hence, in the past, the various large Guilds would nurture the beasts they captured with extreme care to avoid a late start against other Guilds.

The sooner a Guild possessed the Stable Design, the sooner they could start preparing their Guild Mounts.

However, the Stable Design was extremely rare. The easiest method to obtain it was through raiding Level 20 to Level 60, 100-man Team Dungeons. Only, the drop-rate for the Design was abysmally low. In the past, even when Guilds had offered to purchase a Stable Design for 5,000 or 6,000 Gold, nobody was willing to sell theirs.

Initially, Shi Feng had planned to wait for everyone in the Guild to grow stronger before raiding 100-man Team Dungeons.

Now that the Great Demon Kildred had dropped this Design, it had saved him plenty of time.

After Shi Feng stored the Stable Design excitedly, Sharlyn closed the Bible of Darkness and turned to Shi Feng, saying softly, “Not bad. You actually managed to defeat the Great Demon Kildred. However, even though Kildred is dead, why is there still such a dense Power of Darkness lingering around you?”

Seeing Sharlyn’s confused expression, Shi Feng quickly came to an understanding. He then retrieved Moloch’s Ring from his bag, saying, “This should be why.”

“Moloch’s Ring!” Sharlyn instantly recognized the ring. Surprised, she asked, “How did you get your hands on this ring?”

“I stole it from a Great Demon called Knettel,” Shi Feng responded honestly.

“Stole it?” Sharlyn’s eyes narrowed suspiciously. She obviously did not believe Shi Feng’s claim. A Tier 4 Great Demon at full power only needed to swing his hand to wipe Shi Feng out of existence. Shi Feng would simply not survive an attempt to steal the ring from the Great Demon. “Are you really not afraid of death, or are you just that ignorant? You actually had the guts to remove the seal on the ring. Fortunately, you only obtained Moloch’s Ring now. I guess you are somewhat lucky.

“Legend has it that Moloch’s Ring is related to the fall of the Lord of Balrogs. Moreover, this ring is a complete Legendary item. With your strength, this ring will devour you very quickly.”

“Devour?” Shi Feng thought back to when the Great Demon Knettel had chased after him. If not for his good luck, he would have certainly died.

“When I say ‘devour,’ I mean it in the literal sense. Do you really think a Legendary item is easily controlled?” Sharlyn rolled her eyes at Shi Feng. “Based on what I know, several hundred years ago, the Demon that guarded this ring was a Tier 5 Great Demon King. After that Great Demon King was devoured, it became the current Great Demon Knettel’s turn to guard it.”

Shi Feng broke out in cold sweat upon hearing these words.

At this moment, Shi Feng understood what Sharlyn was trying to say. The so-called “guardian” of Moloch’s Ring was nothing but a sacrifice for the ring to devour. Meanwhile, those Demons had been unaware of the fact that they were sacrifices. To make matters worse, he had foolishly stolen the ring without knowing this fact.

If even a Tier 5 Great Demon King had not been able to avoid its fate, with Shi Feng’s current strength, he stood absolutely no chance against Moloch’s Ring.

“In the past, in order to seal this ring, ten Tier 5 powerhouses sacrificed themselves. Now that you have removed one of the seals, if you wish to seal it again, you will need the help of at least three Tier 5 classes. Otherwise, no matter where you go, you will not be able to hide from your fate.” Seeing Shi Feng’s grim expression, Sharlyn could not help but laugh as she said, “However, I have also said that you are somewhat lucky.”

“Lucky?” Shi Feng grew curious.

“That’s right. Your luck is quite good. You were able to obtain the real Bible of Darkness. If you had returned with a replica, even I would have no way to save your little life.” Sharlyn rubbed her forehead lightly, saying seriously, “The Bible of Darkness is a treasure made by the Lord of Destruction. If one wields the Bible of Darkness, they can rule over every Demon in existence; the Lord of Balrogs is no exception. As for why the Bible of Darkness is capable of ruling over Demons, it is because the Bible is the origin of all Demons. All Demons have evolved from the Bible. With the Bible of Darkness, one possessed the power to restrain all Demons.

“Of course, in its current state, it won’t be able to suppress Moloch’s Ring. Only the complete Bible of Darkness has the power to do so. What you need to do now is repair the Bible of Darkness. Do you understand?”