Chapter 612

White River City Teleportation Hall:

Due to Zero Wing’s evergrowing fame and the Candlelight Trading Firm’s wide array of high-end products, many players were attracted to White River City. Currently, one could see plenty of players forming Dungeon-raiding parties in the wide and spacious Teleportation Hall,

The prosperity and liveliness here were far more intense than in Star-Moon City.

The moment Shi Feng stepped out of the Teleportation Hall, he could feel the hustle and bustle that filled the city.

Other than a large number of independent players who filled the city streets, there were also plenty of Guild players. These Guild players’ average levels were very high. Although they could not compare to the players in the Dark Den, most of these Guild players were still Level 27 or 28. That was still quite high in the current God’s Domain. These Guild players also wore Fine-Gold and Secret-Silver equipment. They were the envy of ordinary players.

“That Guild is amazing! Its members’ equipment looks so amazing! They should be catching up to the powerful Guilds in White River City.”

“I’ve heard of that Guild before. It’s called Heaven’s Burial, and it’s one of the newly-established White River City Guilds. Although it is a new Guild, it is very powerful. So far, Heaven’s Burial has already raided many 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons and is in the midst of planning to raid 50-man Team Dungeons. I also heard that the Guild has a very powerful backer.”

“A strong backer isn’t the only thing Heaven’s Burial has. A few hours ago, one of Heaven’s Burial’s experts managed to break into the fourth floor of the Divine Colosseum. It is the tenth Guild in White River City to set foot on the Divine Colosseum’s fourth floor.”

“I’ve been to the newly-launched Divine Colosseum as well and paid one Magic Crystal to challenge it. The challenges are insanely difficult. I only managed to reach the second floor after exhausting myself. And I died the moment I set foot on the second floor. In the end, I only got 1 Silver as a reward. It was a serious loss.”

“Heaven’s Burial is amazing. Even Zero Wing, the most powerful Guild in White River City, has only advanced to the Colosseum’s fifth floor.”

The Divine Colosseum, which had recently appeared in God’s Domain, drew the interest and attention of many players, and every conversation was related to it in one way or another.

After God’s Domain had undergone its third evolution, combat in the game had become more difficult for players. The Divine Colosseum was a very good place to train their combat techniques. Only, training there was too expensive. Moreover, the Colosseum only accepted Magic Crystals as currency. This had caused the price of Magic Crystals to skyrocket overnight. Since the third system upgrade, the price of Magic Crystals had doubled.

“Sure enough, that which should arrive, will arrive.” Shi Feng was frustrated as he swept a glance over the members of Heaven’s Burial.

Before the third evolution of God’s Domain, international corporations had only prepared to invest in God’s Domain. As for other smaller corporations, they had not paid much attention to this particular investment route. However, with the launch of the Divine Colosseum, God’s Domain’s popularity began to show signs of overtaking the fighting competitions in the real world. This situation drove corporations—both big and small—around the world towards the game. With a potential gold mine in sight, these corporations began to increase their investments in the game.

For a time, countless new Guilds emerged throughout God’s Domain, all wishing to take a bite of the pie known as God’s Domain.

Among these corporations, several major investors looked to Star-Moon Kingdom. Some bought shares of long-standing Guilds, while others chose to establish their own Guilds. Among these newly-established Guilds, three stood out: Cloud Nine, Yin Yang Court, and Heaven’s Burial.

In the past, Heaven Burial had started developing itself in Star-Moon City. The Guild was clearly ambitious. While Ouroboros and the Star Alliance had been busy fighting each other, Heaven’s Burial had taken advantage of the situation and solidified its position in Star-Moon City in one fell swoop. In the end, it had even forced the two first-rate Guilds to suffer quite a few hardships.

Shi Feng had never expected that, after White River City began to show signs of becoming the number one city in Star-Moon Kingdom, Heaven’s Burial would run to White River City to develop itself.

Moreover, of the newly-established Guilds Shi Feng had seen so far, Heaven’s Burial wasn’t the only one of the top three newbies to establish itself in White River City. He also saw members of both Cloud Nine and Yin Yang Court.

Interesting. Everyone’s has come to White River City trying to take a bite out of the fat piece of meat that I cooked up. Do they really think that Zero Wing is some kind of pushover? Shi Feng could not help but smile.

Zero Wing indeed possessed plenty of enemies. In the dark, Underworld lurked and spat like a viper. In the light, they had also provoked the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion.

As Shi Feng made his way to White River City’s Library, he discovered that, despite having only been away from the city for a short time, many players had acquired their own NPC guards.

NPC guards had become beacons of hope for many powerless players. At the same time, these NPC guards had also received attention from the various large Guilds. As a result, these NPCs’ development speeds were unusually fast. Players who were trying to become merchants were especially interested in these NPC guards.

In God’s Domain, players’ activities were not limited to killing monsters out in the fields. Players could also take on all sorts of quests. Many merchant players, who did not possess any combat power, could rely on NPC guards when carrying out special quests. However, the majority of the quests did not allow the assistance of ordinary guards, only Personal Guards.

Just as Shi Feng arrived before White River City’s Library, the sound of his system communicator rang by his ears, and the caller was none other than Everlasting War.

“Brother Ye Feng, you’ve finally come online. I’ve been trying to contact you for a while. How are preparations coming along?” Everlasting War asked, slightly worried.

Shi Feng was the expert he had recommended. If Shi Feng did not pass the selection test, it would stain his reputation.

“There are no issues. I can participate in the selection at any time. Seeing as Brother Everlasting is contacting me, has something happened?” Shi Feng asked.

The selection held in Beast City was tomorrow morning. There was still quite some time before the selection began. Something must have happened for Everlasting War to contact him.

“It’s nothing major. Only, the higher-ups have changed the requirements for the selection. Now, after you pass the selection, you are required to sign a contract and become a member of the company if you join the battle team. Of course, you will receive far more benefits as well. For example, you will be entitled to 5% of the wagers made on the matches you win,” Everlasting War explained. “If Brother Ye Feng joins the battle team, with your strength, you will easily make more than a dozen times the Credits the Guild Leader of a first-rate Guild would normally earn. Once the battle team becomes famous, your status in the world will become even greater than any Leader of a first-rate Guild. What do you think, Brother Ye Feng?”

Everlasting War and his group did not particularly care about signing the new contract as they had originally been employees of the company. However, Shi Feng was different. He was affiliated with Zero Wing. Moreover, he was one of Zero Wing’s core members. He had definitely signed a contract with the Guild. If he joined the battle team, unless the company allowed it, he would not be able to be part of any Guilds in the future.

To put it bluntly, the company was restricting the freedom of the team members instead of cooperating with them.

“Of course, if Brother Ye Feng is selected to become one of the members of the battle team, the company will take full responsibility of the breach of agreement with your Guild. Brother Ye Feng can rest assured on this.” Everlasting War was very confident in Shi Feng’s strength, and he desperately hoped that Shi Feng would join their battle team.

In his opinion, what did a Guild in a virtual reality game amount to?

How could it possibly hope to match up against an international corporation?