Chapter 615

The raging black flames quickly transformed into a ferocious beast that bared its fangs and brandished its claws as it pounced on Sharlyn.

Boom!

At the sound of an explosion, the black flames in the air suddenly began to collapse, dissipating into nothingness.

“You!?”

The Great Demon Kildred’s malicious expression suddenly changed, and he no longer looked down on Sharlyn. Rather, he gazed at the Tier 3 Divine Official with solemn eyes.

Even Tier 4 classes would find it difficult to deal with Soul Fire, yet, Sharlyn managed to disperse it without moving in the slightest. One could just imagine what kind of power she contained.

No! It wasn’t the Soul Fire that was defeated! My Mana!” Kildred was horrified as he quickly discovered the true problem.

His Mana rapidly leaked from his body. Due to the lack of Mana, he had lost control of the Soul Fire he had summoned, causing it to disappear.

Standing at a distance, Shi Feng was also shocked by Sharlyn’s counterattack.

The Great Demon Kildred’s Level plummeted, as did his Tier.

Level 180… Level 170… Level 160…

In a short moment, the Great Demon Kildred had become a Level 35 Tier 2 Evil Spirit. He was no longer a Level 180 Tier 4 Great Demon.

“What have you done?!” Kildred asked, gaping at Sharlyn in abject horror.

“Oh, it’s nothing. I just used God’s Twilight, a Tier 5 Curse,” Sharlyn said, smiling. “While inside God’s Twilight’s effective area, all beings above Tier 2 will be forcefully suppressed by two Tiers. Naturally, their Levels will lower as well.”

Upon hearing these words, Kildred instantly paled.

Shi Feng was similarly astonished.

A Tier 5 Curse!

This was a spell that could rival the power of a Tier 6 God-ranked spell.

“Kildred, you can only escape this situation by defeating the Adventurer before you. Otherwise, you will die here.” Although Sharlyn’s voice sounded pleasing to the ears, her words caused even a Great Demon like Kildred to shudder in fear.

Realizing that was his cue, Shi Feng unsheathed the Abyssal Blade and Purgatory’s Shadow.

This should be the final test. Shi Feng licked his lips as he stared at the Great Demon Kildred, who hovered in the air.

He had always known that it would not be so easy to obtain the Fragmented Legendary ranked Bible of Darkness.

In God’s Domain, there was an abundance of Epic items. However, Fragmented Legendary and Legendary items, items that were above Epic rank, were extraordinarily rare. If players wanted to obtain one, they would have to pay an unimaginable price. The fact that he had grasped a special Fragmented Legendary item such as the Bible of Darkness with so little trouble could already be considered a miracle.

In the past, to obtain a single Fragmented Legendary item, the various large Guilds throughout God’s Domain would have to be busy for at least one to two months, possibly three to four months. Unless one were extremely lucky and encountered special locations such as the Star River Valley, they would have to rely on quests to obtain a Fragmented Legendary item.

“Little ant, a Tier 1 Swordsman like you dares to draw your sword against me, the Great Demon Kildred? You are indeed courageous. However, just because I have been suppressed to Tier 2, you think you have a chance of defeating me?” Kildred laughed angrily as he felt the sting of a deep wound to his pride.

“How will I know if I don’t try?” Shi Feng laughed. He then approached the Great Demon one step at a time.

[Kildred] (Evil Spirit [Great Demon])

Level 35

HP 1,000,000/1,000,000

A Tier 2 Evil Spirit was the equivalent of a Lord ranked monster. However, due to Kildred’s intelligence, his combat power was definitely much higher than an ordinary Lord. His HP, though lower than an ordinary Lord, was also much higher than a player’s.

As Shi Feng approached Kildred gradually, he suddenly discovered something fortunate.

While he was under the effects of God’s Twilight, all of his Skills’ Cooldowns had not only been refreshed, but they had also been reduced by half.

It seems my test this time is to defeat a Tier 2 Evil Spirit while at my peak.

Shi Feng had initially been worried that he would not be able to use Blade Liberation. Now, however, it seemed that his worries were for naught.

“Die!” the Great Demon Kildred roared. Suddenly, a black spear appeared in his hand. He then swooped down and jabbed the spear towards Shi Feng in rapid succession. In the next moment, streaks of black light rained down on the Swordsman.

Tier 2 Skill, Black Rain Annihilation!

Shi Feng did not dare to hold back. Immediately, he activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power and Blade Liberation. He then used the Aura of Wind’s Activatable Skill, Wind Rider, and leaped into the air.

With a 280% increase to his Movement Speed, Shi Feng’s speed could rival that of a Great Lord. Very easily, he escaped the effective area of Black Rain Annihilation. Moreover, due to his ability to fly, he had no need to fear the Great Demon Kildred’s ranged attacks from the air.

After avoiding Kildred’s Black Rain Annihilation, Shi Feng proceeded to activate the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, Phantom Kill, Nine Dragons Slash, Black Emperor, and Purgatory Power, instantly pushing his combat power to its peak.

Immediately, both sides began a fierce and deadly dance.

With Wind Rider active, Shi Feng held an absolute advantage in terms of speed. As a result, he was able to dodge all the Great Demon’s attacks easily. Kildred could not even make contact with Shi Feng’s body.

On the other hand, sword lights bombarded on the scales covering Kildred’s body, easily penetrating the Great Demon’s armor.

Chop!

-25,641.

Thunder Flame Explosion!

-47,156.

Thundering Flash!

-14,527, -18,546, -24,716.

Every Skill Shi Feng executed had a Completion Rate of 95% or above, allowing his Skills’ effect to increase significantly.

The Great Demon Kildred’s 1,000,000 HP decreased at a rate visible to the naked eye. After a measly five seconds, the Great Demon only had 70% of his HP remaining.

However, Shi Feng suddenly discovered that, as he relentlessly attacked the Great Demon, his opponent’s Strength and speed began to rise.

Originally, when he had activated Twofold Berserk, his Strength should have rivaled even a High Lord of the same level and overwhelmed the Great Demon Kildred. After a short period of intense battle, however, Kildred’s Strength was already equal to his. The Great Demon’s speed also quickly caught up.

This can’t continue. Although I don’t know whether he is growing stronger due to the length of battle increasing or his HP decreasing, I need to finish him off as soon as possible! Shi Feng used Flame Burst.

Suddenly, two miniature suns appeared and illuminated the Star-Moon Hall.

Twenty-four consecutive strikes!

Both Shi Feng and his doppelganger used Flame Burst at the same time.

Twenty-four sword lights cut across the space of the hall, striking the Great Demon Kildred. Every sword light from Shi Feng dealt over -20,000 damage to the Great Demon. His doppelganger caused over -10,000 damage with each attack as well. When critical hits were achieved, the damage of the attacks doubled.

When the attacks ended, the Great Demon Kildred suffered a total damage of over -500,000.

“This…” Shi Feng was stupefied when he saw the Great Demon that he had attacked.

At this moment, the Great Demon Kildred had only 40% of his HP remaining. Meanwhile, a faint, black light radiated from Kildred’s body.

Tier 2 Skill, Dark Shield… It was a spell that could absorb a relatively large amount of damage.

“Damn it!” Shi Feng frowned.

Flame Burst was his ultimate Skill. Yet, the Great Demon had actually managed to negate a portion of its damage.

Currently, the Great Demon Kildred had grown more formidable after the attack. Meanwhile, there were less than 10 seconds left on Blade Liberation’s duration.

“Hahaha! My Strength has completely surpassed yours now! Die, human!” Kildred snorted. He then threw his spear at Shi Feng.

Kildred’s spear was extremely fast, and even Shi Feng only barely managed to block it with his swords.

Peng!

Shi Feng was immediately struck down from the air, his body colliding heavily with the floor and shattering it. A damage of close to -1,100 points appeared above his head.

This was the damage he received after blocking the Great Demon’s attack. If he had failed to block the attack, he would have lost far more than a little over 1,000 HP.

However, the Great Demon Kildred was not finished. Suddenly, Kildred split into two copies of himself. These two Kildreds looked exactly the same, and their Attributes were equally frightening. In the next moment, one Kildred charged at Shi Feng’s doppelganger while the other charged at Shi Feng.