Chapter 626

Chapter 626 – Famous

Inside the Ruins of the Crow God:

A handsome young man in white robes commanded his team as they attacked the Bluefire Crow King.

This Cleric drew runes in midair without rest, using one Healing Spell after another. Moreover, these Spells weren’t ordinary Spells. Rather, they were Tier 1 Healing Spells. Yet, his casting speed was the same as when others cast Tier 0 Healing Spells. All the while doing so, he wore a relaxed expression; his actions were seemingly effortless. In the blink of an eye, the team’s low HP MT recovered to full health.

This youth was none other than the commander of Heaven’s Burial’s main force, Flame Blood.

“Just 3% HP to go! Raise the damage output!” Flame Blood shouted sternly.

Currently, less than half of the original team of fifty remained, the Bluefire Crow King’s flames having burned every one of them to death. Losing 1,000 HP every second was simply too much. Even Flame Blood, one of the virtual gaming world’s top ten newcomers, could only focus on keeping the team’s lead MT and himself alive. At best, he could cast instantaneous Healing Spells on some of the team’s main DPS, though the effects were very weak.

After the Bluefire Crow King had entered its fourth phase, it had entered its Berserk state. Not only had its Attack Speed increased, but its attack range had also improved. Some of the team members who could not dodge its attacks in time died instantly.

Despite the Bluefire Crow King having only 3% of its HP remaining, to the surviving members of the team, it felt like an iron fortress that they could not break through no matter what they tried.

—

Heaven’s Burial wasn’t the only one in such a situation. At this moment, Overwhelming Smile was also struggling.

Only, Overwhelming Smile was having a slightly easier time of it. Though the Bluefire Crow King they faced still had 4% of its HP remaining, they had more than forty members still alive. The few deaths had simply been due to bad luck, and they had failed to escape the High Lord’s attack range in time.

Sure enough, it’s not that easy to obtain the First Clear of a 50-man Team Dungeon. War Wolf dodged the Bluefire Crow King’s attacks to the best of his ability by relying on Omnivision, the technique he was extremely proficient with. Although he could not dodge all of the High Lord’s attacks, he was still capable of evading one-third of them. This greatly reduced the burden on the healers, leaving them with plenty of excess power to heal the other members of the team, keeping as many as possible alive.

If not for a powerful lead MT like War Wolf masterfully redirecting the Crow King’s attacks, it would have been impossible for so many members of the team to have survived until now.

However, even so, this was the third time Overwhelming Smile had challenged the Hard Mode Bluefire Crow King’s fourth phase.

The Bluefire Crow King’s HP gradually decreased.

3%…

2%…

1%…

White River City Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first team to conquer the Hell Mode of Ruins of the Crow God. All players on the team will be rewarded with 2,000,000 EXP, 50 Silver, 80 White River City Reputation Points, and 20 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points.

Star-Moon Kingdom Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first team to conquer the Hell Mode of Ruins of the Crow God. All players on the team will be rewarded with 3,000,000 EXP, 3 Tier 2 Gemstones of random Attributes, 100 White River City Reputation Points, and 50 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points.

God’s Domain Southern Continent System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first team to conquer the Hell Mode of Ruins of the Crow God. All players on the team will be rewarded with 5,000,000 EXP, 1 Tier 3 Gemstone of random Attributes, 80 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points, and 5 Humanity Reputation Points.

…

The system announcement echoed in everyone’s ears three times.

“How is this possible?”

Both Overwhelming Smile’s and Heaven’s Burial’s teams were shocked speechless.

The Hard Mode Ruins of the Crow God had already caused them brutal headaches, yet, just as they were a thread away from success, Zero Wing snatched the lead and cleared the Hell Mode Ruins of the Crow God.

However, although they were shocked, none of them stopped what they were doing. Only, they were no longer as motivated as they attacked the Bluefire Crow King.

A moment later, the High Lord ranked Bluefire Crow King fell at War Wolf’s feet.

At that moment, the system announcement rang out once more.

White River City Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Overwhelming Smile for becoming the first team to conquer the Hard Mode of Ruins of the Crow God. All players on the team will be rewarded with 1,000,000 EXP, 20 Silver, 30 White River City Reputation Points, and 10 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points.

Star-Moon Kingdom Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Overwhelming Smile for becoming the first team to conquer the Hard Mode of Ruins of the Crow God. All players on the team will be rewarded with 2,000,000 EXP, 1 Tier 2 Gemstones of random Attributes, 50 White River City Reputation Points, and 20 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points.

…

Compared to the previous system announcement, however, this announcement was meaningless.

Zero Wing had already cleared Hell Mode. On the other hand, Overwhelming Smile had only managed to clear Hard Mode. Rather than gaining glory, Overwhelming Smile had become a laughing stock. One could clearly see the gap between the two Guilds.

However, this gap was not due to Overwhelming Smile’s weakness. Zero Wing was just too powerful!

“In the end, we still lost.” A bitter smile appeared on War Wolf’s pale face.

Before this, he had received news stating that Black Flame had led Zero Wing’s main force into the Hell Mode Ruins of the Crow God. Although he felt that there was a possibility that Zero Wing would conquer Hell Mode, he had never expected that they would clear it so quickly.

—

On Heaven’s Burial side, the Guild’s main force also defeated the Bluefire Crow King.

“Sure enough, Zero Wing is not White River City’s overlord for nothing. However, Heaven’s Burial will not let this rest. Sooner or later, we will catch up to them.” Fighting spirit filled Flame Blood’s eyes.

“That is only a matter of course. It has been a long time since I’ve encountered such an opponent. It seems that Black Flame is quite formidable.” The Assassin with flowing straight hair beside Flame Blood was similarly enthusiastic. However, there was an undetectable coldness hidden in his gaze. He seemed like a beast that had just found new prey.

Glancing at the Assassin youth beside him, Flame Blood laughed and said humorously, “It seems that Black Flame is in for a tragedy. He actually attracted the attention of the famous Ghost Shadow. Heaven’s Burial’s future development in White River City will progress much more smoothly.”

“Although I wish to exchange a few moves with him, I am still too weak. Once I complete my quest, I can definitely test Black Flame’s skills.” Ghost Shadow shook his head in response to Flame Blood’s words. He then sheathed his pair of pitch-black short swords and took out a Return Scroll. He was not the slightest bit interested in the Bluefire Flame King’s loot.

—

Compared to Heaven’s Burial and Overwhelming Smile’s shock, all of White River City—no, all of Star-Moon Kingdom was in an uproar. Throughout God’s Domain, many teams had already obtained the First Clear of a 50-man Team Dungeon. However, that was only limited to 50-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons. No one in the surrounding dozen or so kingdoms or several empires had managed to clear Hell Mode.

A newly established Guild like Zero Wing stole this glory. It was simply inconceivable.

—

For a time, Zero Wing’s reputation soared to new heights.

Previously, Zero Wing’s success in fending off the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s assault had attracted the attention of over a dozen kingdoms and empires. However, Zero Wing had only been protecting themselves. Moreover, they had relied on the strength of NPC guards rather than their own members. There was no need to grow wary of Zero Wing. Now, however, things had changed completely.

Claiming the First Clear of a 50-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon showed that the Guild’s overall strength should not be underestimated.

“Zero Wing?” Phoenix Rain could not help but smile upon hearing the system notification. “It seems that I have underestimated Black Flame’s abilities. Fragrance, prepare to head to White River City.”

“Miss, why are we going to White River City? Pantheon’s Guild Leader will arrive shortly,” the pretty woman named Pure Fragrance asked, confused.

“We are going to meet that mysterious Black Flame, of course.” Phoenix Rain laughed.

“Black Flame?” Pure Fragrance could not help her curiosity.

Who was Black Flame?

Could he possibly compare to the Guild Leader of the Super Guild Pantheon?