Chapter 623

Chapter 623 – Tier 2 Strengthening

Looking at Shi Feng, who was brimming with confidence, everyone’s heavy hearts grew lighter.

Although the Great Lord ranked Bluefire Crow King was powerful, they still had a fighting chance against it.

After all, Dungeons were meant to be raided by players. They just had not figured out a proper raiding strategy yet.

In the next moment, Shi Feng retrieved the Bible of Darkness from his bag and began to chant the incantation recorded within.

“Emerge, Demon Gate!”

With Shi Feng’s light shout, the dark mist in the sky congregated to form a pair of dark gray gates. However, unlike the Demon Gate Sharlyn had summoned, Shi Feng’s was far weaker. Not only was the size of the Demon Gate much smaller, but the aura it radiated was also ordinary. It lacked the ability to instill fear in others.

Although the Demon Gate he summoned was significantly smaller, Shi Feng did not particularly mind it. However, to Fire Dance and the others, who were seeing these gates for the first time, their expressions grew serious as their gazes locked onto the Demon Gate.

As the Demon Gates slowly opened, everyone felt a sense of panic.

A moment later, a purple Demon, double the height of an average player, stepped out from the Demon Gate.

When this purple Evil Spirit swept its eyes across the crowd before it, Fire Dance and the others instinctively raised their weapons, expecting a fight.

“There is no need to worry. This is a Demon that I’ve summoned.” Shi Feng waved his hand, signaling for the others to calm down. “It seems that my luck is quite good this time. It is actually a Heart Devourer, a Tier 2 Evil Spirit.”

[Heart Devourer] (Evil Spirit)

Level 35

HP 1,200,000/1,200,000

A Tier 2 Evil Spirit was the equivalent of a Lord ranked monster. Although it did not possess as much HP as a Lord of the same Level, in terms of Skills and intelligence, it was superior. It would be a massive help in a Team Dungeon.

Although players could bring their Personal Guards to a Dungeon, Kite’s current Level was too high. Moreover, in the off chance that Kite died, it would be extremely troublesome to revive him. Most importantly, Personal Guards took up Dungeon slot. Hence, it was not worthwhile to bring a Personal Guard. However, Shi Feng would not have to worry about such matters if he summoned a Demon.

Moreover, every Demon possessed many Skills and was proficient in a specific field. Take the Heart Devourer for example. It was proficient as support. Not only was it capable of weakening its enemies, but it was also capable of enhancing its allies’ strength, which was why Shi Feng was satisfied with his luck.

“A Tier 2 Demon!” Aqua Rose stared at the Heart Devourer in shock.

There were plenty of Summoning Skills in God’s Domain. For example, the Summoner was a class that specialized in summoning creatures. However, even a Tier 1 Summoner would find it very difficult to summon a Tier 1 creature. The majority of the current Summoner players could only summon Tier 0 creatures to fight for them.

If Tier 1 Summoners already found it difficult to summon Tier 1 creatures, there was no need to mention Tier 2 creatures. That was practically a Lord ranked monster. The summoned creature would be able to move unhindered among the current players of God’s Domain. It could even display unimaginable strength in current Dungeons.

“Alright, everyone get into positions. Maintain a distance of 10 yards between each other. Fight the Bluefire Crow King as you would the Hard Mode Boss.” Shi Feng immediately began to issue commands, not wanting to waste any more time.

In the past, Shi Feng had raided the Hell Mode Ruins of the Crow God so often that he found it tiresome. Only, at that time, he had conquered the Dungeon by relying on level suppression. Every one of his team members had been above Level 40. The equipment they wore had also been Secret-Silver rank or higher.

There were not many differences between the Hell Mode and Hard Mode Ruins of the Crow God. Only, the Basic Attributes and Skills of the monsters had been greatly enhanced. The Dungeon’s Bosses had not received any additional Skills, and no new traps had been added into the Dungeon. The Ruins of the Crow God could be considered to be a large-scale Team Dungeon of intermediate difficulty.

“Heart Devourer, support spells!” Shi Feng commanded the Demon once everyone was in position.

Nodding, the Heart Devourer began drawing line after line of runes in the air with its sharp claws.

Tier 2 Spell, Iron Wall Reinforcement!

Tier 2 Spell, Blood Radiance!

Tier 2 Spell, Magic Power Increase!

Tier 2 Spell, Mad Cow’s Power!

…

The Heart Devourer’s Tier 2 Spells significantly increased the strength of the entire team. It was especially true for Cola’s Defense and HP. Not only had his Defense doubled, but his HP also increased by 60%. Cola’s HP was now over 16,000. As for Ye Wumian, the second-ranking MT on the team, his HP was also close to reaching 15,000.

Due to the significant increase in Defense, HP, and Strength, it was no longer possible for the Great Lord ranked Bluefire Crow King to kill them with a single hit.

“Damn, having Tier 2 Support Spells is just too awesome!” Blackie grew excited as he discovered that the magic damage he dealt and healing effects he received had increased by 20%. With this, the team’s damage and healing rose to a whole new level.

Everyone finally understood why Shi Feng wanted to challenge Hell Mode. With the assistance of these Tier 2 Spells, it would be child’s play to fight the Hard Mode Bluefire Crow King.

“Attack!” Shi Feng shouted as he unsheathed the Abyssal Blade.

Cola and Ye Wumian immediately took the lead and charged towards the Great Lord.

When there was still a distance of 150 yards between the two MTs and the Bluefire Crow King, the Great Lord noticed Cola and Ye Wumian.

“Caw!”

The Crow King’s cry echoed throughout the shrine. It flapped its wings, sending black feathers, which were as large as the players themselves, flying at the two MTs.

The densely packed feathers descended on the two MTs like raindrops, giving them no opportunity to dodge the attacks. Immediately, Cola and Ye Wumian both raised their Shields to defend against the attacks.

“These feathers deal a lot of damage!” Cola stated, aghast.

In Hard Mode, the Crow King’s feather attack only dealt around -200 to -300 damage per feather. However, due to the high number of feathers, Cola would receive more than -1,000 damage per second, so the overall damage was relatively high. However, the Great Lord ranked Bluefire Crow King’s feathers each dealt nearly -400 damage, and this was after his Defense had doubled.

If he did not have the assistance of the Heart Devourer’s Tier 2 Spells, he would most likely have received around -800 damage from each feather.

When Cola and Ye Wumian were still 50 yards from the Bluefire Crow King, the Great Lord halted its Feather Attack. It then condensed a ball of blue fire in its mouth, launching it at the Guardian Knight Cola and the Shield Warrior Ye Wumian.

Cola and Ye Wumian had long since familiarized themselves with dodging these flames. Immediately, they both threw themselves to the ground, dodging the blue flames and taking the opportunity to charge at the Great Lord.

Shield Bash!

-1,042.

Violent Strike!

-895.

Cola and Ye Wumian sucked in a mouthful of cold air.

“Crap! Why is its Defense so strong?!” Cola’s eyes widened in shock when he saw the damage he had caused.

After being strengthened by Mad Cow’s Power, his Strength increased by 15%. His damage should have significantly increased as well. If he were facing the High Lord ranked Bluefire Crow King, his damage would have easily surpassed -1,500 points, yet, now, his attack had only dealt slightly over -1,000 damage.

While Cola was still in a daze, the Bluefire Crow King flapped its wings and slapped them at Cola. Reacting quickly, Cola raised his shield to protect himself.

Boom!

The impact drove Cola knee-deep into the ground. A damage of over -4,000 appeared above his head.

“Why is the Great Lord ranked Crow King so powerful?!”

Every member of the team was stunned by this scene. If Cola had received the Crow King’s attack with his body rather than his shield, he would have most likely died. Moreover, if he had not received the buff to his Defense, he would have received over -8,000 damage, even if he had blocked the attack with his shield…

Shi Feng was not surprised.

Without the assistance of Tier 2 Support Spells, Cola would have had to activate the Power of Darkness to withstand the Great Lord’s attacks. Otherwise, the Boss would kill him very easily.

However, due to the Heart Devourer, this battle became a lot easier.

“Your turn!” Shi Feng commanded the Heart Devourer once more.

Having prepared for this moment, the Heart Devourer pointed its finger at the sky.

Suddenly, a 7-star magic array appeared on the Bluefire Crow King’s body.

Tier 2 Spell, Judgment of the Seven Stars!

Immediately, the Bluefire Crow King released a pained cry.