Chapter 621

Chapter 621 – Sensation

As the commander of Zero Wing’s main force, Fire Dance had a very clear understanding of every member’s strength.

Although Shadow Sword had improved quite significantly during this period, his combat power only ranked slightly above average for the team. He was not capable of making her feel even the slightest hint of danger.

However, the Shadow Sword standing before her was vastly different. It was as if he had transformed into an ancient beast, dangerous and threatening, in the blink of an eye.

After receiving Lei Bao and Shi Feng’s continuous guidance, Fire Dance had mostly learned how to control her body’s power. She had already taken half a step into the Refinement Realm. Her Skill Completion Rates hovered around 85% as a result. She was considered a true top-tier expert.

After factoring in the powerful Attributes of her Tier 1 Set Equipment, the Dark Melody Set Equipment, very few players could triumph over her. Only monsters like Shi Feng could possibly defeat her.

Yet, now, Fire Dance felt that Shadow Sword had a chance against her. One could just imagine how massive of a buff Shadow Sword had received.

“Guild Leader, what is going on here?” Aqua Rose fixed her gaze on Shi Feng. She very much wanted to know what had just happened.

Everyone present turned to Shi Feng as well, all of them sharing the same thought as Aqua Rose.

If a few more of their team members suddenly become as strong as Shadow Sword, they would no longer be stuck at the Bluefire Crow King’s third phase.

Every player here was a core member of Zero Wing. To ordinary players, they were considered absolute experts. Not only did they possess incomparably acute senses, but their intuitions were also very sensitive. Only by sheathing one’s aura perfectly could they fool these players. Shi Feng during their previous encounter was an example. Before this, he could hide his aura completely and disguise himself as an ordinary passerby. Players only realized what a monster Shi Feng actually was after he took action.

Seeing the fervent gazes directed at him, Shi Feng could not help but laugh as he said, “I obtained an item that can increase a player’s strength. As for how much of an improvement it grants, you guys can see that for yourselves.”

The Power of Darkness could increase a player’s Basic Attributes by 30%.

An increase of 30% was the equivalent of a player’s combat power reaching a whole new level. For example, if a player possessed Tier 1 intermediate combat power, after their Attributes increased by 30%, their combat power would approach the peak of Tier 1.

Shadow Sword was currently Level 28, and his strength was near the top of Tier 1 intermediate. He was close to approaching Tier 1 advanced. After the Power of Darkness’s enhancement, his combat power would rise to the peak of Tier 1. Meanwhile, Fire Dance, who was currently Level 30, already possessed combat power at the peak of Tier 1. Facing Shadow Sword, who similarly possessed combat power at the peak of Tier 1, it was only natural for Fire Dance to feel some danger from the Berserker.

Of course, the Power of Darkness did not permanently increase a player’s Attributes. Rather, it gave players a Berserk Skill that they could activate freely. Only, this Berserker Skill had a slightly longer duration than ordinary Berserk Skills. The Power of Darkness lasted a full ten minutes and had a Cooldown of five hours.

Shadow Sword’s sudden strength boost was due to the fact that the Power of Darkness had just melded with the Berserker, resulting in the Berserk Skill activating immediately. However, this effect only lasted several seconds. Once it was over, the Berserk Skill would become an Active Skill that players could use at any time.

This had been the true power of the Black Demon Legion. Berserk Skills were extremely rare in the entire God’s Domain. If every member of a legion possessed a Berserk Skill that lasted ten full minutes, one could just imagine how frightening they would be. This was also why the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Blood Legion had not been a match for the Fantasy Shrine’s Black Demon Legion in the past.

“Guild Leader, how many people can that tool strengthen?” As the Vice-Leader of the Guild, Aqua Rose was particularly concerned about this. If they could enhance many players, they could definitely raise the main force’s combat power to a whole new level.

Everyone’s hearts began to pound upon hearing Aqua Rose’s question. They, too, wished to become stronger like Shadow Sword.

However, they all knew that such a buff could only be used on a limited number of players. It would not be easy to obtain a spot for themselves.

“Relax. Every member of the main force can obtain this power.” Shi Feng did not reveal the exact numbers to his Guildmates. There were a total of 100 members in Zero Wing’s main force. In addition, there were 200 reserve members. The 600 slots he had on hand were more than enough to go around.

“Everyone? Guild Leader, you’re not joking, right?” Aqua Rose was inwardly thunderstruck. She seriously doubted Shi Feng’s claim.

If every member of Zero Wing’s main force could possess this power, then they could display astonishing combat power. Not to mention the Hard Mode Ruins of the Crow God, they could even try Hell Mode.

“I have not finished. I plan to choose some members from the second echelon to form the Black Demon Legion. This legion will focus on dealing with Field Bosses and 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons. I’ll leave this matter to you, Aqua.” Shi Feng did not wish to waste his remaining Power of Darkness.

In the past, one of the duties of the Fantasy Shrine’s Black Demon Legion was to grind and collect equipment through raiding various 10-man and 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons.

In a Guild, even the elite teams would struggle to raid 10-man and 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons. With the Power of Darkness, however, the difficulty of Dungeons would fall sharply. It would be much easier to clear Dungeons in the future.

It was also this reason that had allowed the Fantasy Shrine to amass a ton of wealth.

The greatest asset they could gain from raiding Hell Mode Dungeons was Magic Crystals. Normal Mode Dungeons very rarely dropped Magic Crystals. However, it was a different story for Hell Mode Dungeons. The drop-rate in Hell Mode Dungeons was more than ten times that of Normal Mode. The Magic Crystals could then be used to train the Guild’s elites and experts. Hence, Fantasy Shrine’s overall strength had steadily increased in the past. In the end, the Guild had become the overlord of the Black Dragon Empire, and even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had been forced to give way to Fantasy Shrine.

In this life, Shi Feng could use the Power of Darkness on far more players than Fantasy Extinguisher had been able to. Naturally, he had to utilize this benefit properly.

A short moment later, every official member of Zero Wing’s main force received the Power of Darkness. To Fire Dance and Violet Cloud, a 30% increase in Attributes was colossal. Their combat power had already been at the peak of Tier 1. After using the Power of Darkness, they even qualified to contend with a Lord, which was the equivalent of a Tier 2 class, by themselves. Although they still could not win against a Lord, they could hold one off for a relatively long time. They could almost rival a great expert such as War Wolf. Only, they still lacked techniques.

After strengthening the main force, Shi Feng led Fire Dance and the others towards the Ruins of the Crow God.

Although Shi Feng still had many things he needed to attend to, such as the Teleportation Magic Array and the Stables, the construction of these two required materials. These materials could only be obtained from large-scale Team Dungeons. Hence, there was no point in focusing on those items for now.

—

An hour or so later…

Ruins of the Crow God.

An extremely tense atmosphere surrounded the 50-man Team Dungeon. Players crowded the vast plains around the Ruins. The majority of these players consisted of Guild players.

The various large Guilds in White River City knew that this was the juncture for the final sprint to claim the First Clear of the Ruins of the Crow God. It was highly possible that a lucky Guild would obtain the First Clear in the next second. Hence, many Guilds’ members anxiously waited outside the Dungeon’s entrance. If their Guild’s team required any tasks or additional supplies, these idle members would rush to get it done or delivered.

“Look! It’s Zero Wing!”

“Huh? Why are they here again? I thought they gave up?”

“I don’t think so. Look, even Black Flame has shown up. They must plan to go all out.”

“This is going to be interesting. Just before this, Heaven’s Burial also received backup from a group of experts. I heard that those experts were members of the Ghost Shadow Workshop. Every one of them is incredibly strong. As for Overwhelming Smile, they, too, dispatched a lot of experts. I wonder which of the three will emerge wearing the crown?”

“I’m betting on Heaven’s Burial. They have Ghost Shadow leading the team. Even Super Guilds are trying to annex the Ghost Shadow Workshop. Moreover, Heaven’s Burial entered the Dungeon a while ago. Zero Wing has only just arrived. Most likely, they are already too late.”

Upon noticing Zero Wing’s arrival, everyone in front of the Ruins of the Crow God began chatting among themselves.

“Guild Leader, we have trouble. I’ve heard of Ghost Shadow before. He is definitely an expert among experts. Moreover, he has a group of reliable teammates with him. Now that they’ve been in the Dungeon for quite some time, it will be difficult to compete over the First Clear.” Aqua Rose frowned slightly. She had heard plenty about Ghost Shadow.

Shi Feng shook his head. Laughing, he said, “Who says we’re competing over the First Clear of Hard Mode?”

Everyone turned to Shi Feng in shock.

However, before they could react, Shi Feng selected the Dungeon’s Hell Mode difficulty. In the next moment, every member of the team was teleported into the Dungeon.