Chapter 627

Chapter 627 – Divine Bluefire Shield

As the outside world reacted to Zero Wing’s achievement, Shi Feng busied himself with arranging the Bluefire Crow King’s loot.

System: Hell Mode Ruins of the Crow God has been cleared for the first time. Loot increased by 100%.

Divine Providence would already increase the loot from the Bluefire Crow King Now that the loot had doubled, items covered the ground. With a single glance, one could count more than 30 items, though the majority consisted of various rare materials.

“Is this the loot of a large-scale Hell Mode Team Dungeon?” Blackie’s eyes shone with wonder as his jaw hit the ground.

Although Shi Feng had yet to appraise the dropped items, based on their majestic appearances and magical rune engravings, it was obvious that the weapons and equipment that had dropped were anything but ordinary. Secret-Silver items couldn’t even compare to these.

Moreover, the Bluefire Crow King was a Level 30 Great Lord, so everything it dropped would be Level 30. To the team members who still wore Level 25 equipment, this was a massive haul.

Zero Wing had quite a few Level 30 items now. After all, as the members of the Guild’s main force were mostly Level 29 or Level 30, they could raid Level 30, 6-man Party Dungeons, 10-man Team Dungeons, and even 20-man Team Dungeons.

Only, the quality and Attributes of the equipment they obtained was not particularly good. Most were Bronze or Mysterious-Iron rank, and very little of their loot was Secret-Silver rank or above. Every increase in five Levels for equipment was the equivalent of a single increase in quality rank. If one could equip a piece of Level 30 Fine-Gold Equipment, it would be the equivalent of equipping a piece of Level 25 Dark-Gold Equipment.

If they equipped a piece of Level 30 Dark-Gold Equipment, that was the equivalent of wearing a Level 25 item with Attributes that were extremely close to Epic rank.

Currently, most of the top-tier weapons and equipment the various large Guilds possessed was Level 25 Fine-Gold rank; very few had any Dark-Gold items. In addition, there were also Level 30 Secret-Silver rank and extremely few Fine-Gold items. If Zero Wing had Level 30 Dark-Gold Equipment, it would be considered the best equipment beneath Epic Equipment and Tier 1 Set Equipment.

Although combat techniques were important, a player’s Basic Attributes were equally so.

Meanwhile, not only had their team just defeated a Level 30 Great Lord, but its drop-rate had also increased by 100%. It was natural for the Boss to drop a few Level 30 Dark-Gold Equipment.

After picking up all of the loot, Shi Feng began appraising the weapons and equipment. Meanwhile, Aqua Rose began distributing the Guild Contribution Points for successfully raiding the Dungeon. All raid members would get priority to purchase the weapons and equipment from their Dungeon raids with Guild Contribution Points. If nobody wanted the items, only then would they occupy the Guild Warehouse with a reasonably high price tag, allowing other Guild members to purchase them.

After successfully raiding a Great Lord ranked Boss, everyone received a bounty of Guild Contribution Points. However, no one paid attention to the points they had just earned. Instead, their attention was focused on Shi Feng, every one of them prepared to go for broke today.

Within Zero Wing’s main force, aside from players such as Fire Dance, Aqua Rose, Violet Cloud, Cola, Ye Wumian, Blackie, Minor Wind, and a few others, none of their items could compare to the dropped equipment from a large-scale Hell Mode Team Dungeon. This was because Shi Feng had given Fire Dance and the others a complete Tier 1 Set Equipment, the best equipment available for Tier 1 classes that was only inferior to Epic Set Equipment.

Hence, until they became a Tier 2 class, they would not need to replace their equipment unless they procured a set of Epic Set Equipment for themselves.

A short moment later, Shi Feng finished appraising the loot.

A total of 33 items had dropped, and among them, 19 were materials such as Magic Crystals, Hundred Beast Wood, which was required to construct Stables, Essence of Mana, which was required to construct Teleportation Magic Arrays, and several other super-rare materials. Normally, one would not obtain these materials even if they defeated Great Lord ranked Bosses. Now, however, they had actually gained two or three of each.

“The benefits of obtaining the First Clear of Hell Mode are impressive,” Shi Feng stated. He could not help but smile as he gazed at the weapons and equipment inside his bag.

“Guild Leader, what items dropped to make you this happy?” Aqua Rose knew of Shi Feng’s tastes. Items that could excite Shi Feng would definitely be something extraordinarily good.

“That’s right! Guild Leader, share the stats!” Although Blackie wielded an Epic staff, he still liked seeing the Attributes of excellent weapons and equipment.

“I won’t waste your time. Here; look at this item first, then.” Shi Feng took out a deep-red two-handed sword that emitted pale blue flames. Not only was the weapon extremely attractive, but it also felt as if it possessed extraordinary power.

[Bluefire Double-edged Sword] (Two-handed Sword, Dark-Gold Rank)

Level 30 – Level 35

Attack Power +702 (Currently Level 30)

Strength +54, Agility +41, Endurance +44

Attack Speed +2

Ignore Levels +10

Attacks have:

30% chance to trigger Bluefire Attack, causing an additional 120% flame damage to the target and reducing the target’s Defense by 30% for 7 seconds.

20% chance to cause 200% damage.

10% chance to trigger Bluefire Dance, causing 300% flame damage in a cone.

Although the Bluefire Double-edged Sword did not have any Active Skills, it had plenty of Passive Skills. Its Attack Power alone was more impressive than the Level 30 Abyssal Blade. It was a weapon made for violence.

Everyone sucked in a breath of cold air upon seeing the Bluefire Double-edged Sword’s Attributes.

“Crap! Even Epic Weapons aren’t any better than this!” Blackie was stunned. He possessed an Epic Weapon himself, so he could tell just how excellent of a weapon the Bluefire Double-edged Sword was. It was of the same caliber as the Truefire Blades Fire Dance wielded.

If one of the team’s Berserkers equipped this two-handed sword, their DPS would soar by several levels. Their damage would be close to Fire Dance’s.

Moreover, the Bluefire Double-edged Sword could be upgraded to Level 35. It could rank at the top even amongst Level 40 weapons. In other words, if one equipped the two-handed sword, they would not have to worry about replacing their weapon even when they reached Level 40.

Immediately, the Berserkers within the team started drooling, staring at the Bluefire Double-edged Sword with burning gazes.

“Such powerful Attributes…. This sword alone could push a Berserker’s damage to the top of the team,” Fire Dance said in awe.

“Don’t be so shocked by this item. The Bluefire Double-edged Sword only ranks third out of the weapons and equipment we obtained.” Shi Feng shook his head as he chuckled. He then revealed a red and black buckler, saying, “This is the second best item.”

Hearing Shi Feng’s claim, everyone was surprised.

Such an excellent weapon was not the best piece of equipment that dropped!

The red and black buckler was only one-third the size of an ordinary shield. However, the image of the Bluefire Crow King had been engraved onto the shield, surrounded by many runes. With a single glance, one could tell that this buckler was extraordinary.

[Divine Bluefire Shield] (Shield, Dark-Gold Rank)

Level 30 – Level 35

Defense +1,950 (Currently Level 30)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 220

Defense +550

Block Rate: 42%

Strength +31, Endurance +47

Evasion +15

Attack Speed +2

Additional Passive Skill-

Bluefire Shield: Absorbs 30% of the damage taken and converts it into Bluefire. When accumulated damage reaches 5,000 points, causes 150% damage to an area of 3*10 yards in front of user.

Additional Active Skill-

Rising Fire: When activated, sacrifice 20% HP to transform Bluefire into the Armor of Flames, increasing Defense by 150% and Strength by 40% for 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 30 minutes