Chapter 624

Chapter 624 – Difference in Strength

The 7-star magic array suppressed the Bluefire Crow King. The Crow King struggled as if it were trapped inside a swamp, its mobility declining sharply.

As a result, the Crow King’s massive wings, which originally descended towards Cola, slowed significantly as well.

“Such a powerful spell!” Cola took the opportunity to roll out of the way, easily dodging the Great Lord’s wing attack.

As the team’s lead MT, if Cola could dodge the Boss’s attacks, it would reduce the burden on the team’s healers. Moreover, the healers would not have to run the risk of attracting the Boss’s attention due to healing too much.

“Good. Everyone, attack!” Shi Feng nodded as he ordered the team’s damage dealers to begin their assault.

The Tier 2 Spell, Judgment of the Seven Stars, was not an Attack-type Spell. Instead, it placed a powerful binding on a single target. The Spell’s effects would even affect a Great Lord.

With the Heart Devourer’s Judgment of the Seven Stars, both the melee and ranged damage dealers could attack the Boss safely. This was particularly helpful to Fire Dance and Flying Shadow as the high damage they dealt drew the Crow King’s aggro. With the Boss’s restricted movements, they could dodge its attacks easily, not having to worry about pulling aggro at all.

This was just like the time Blue Frost’s team had used the Demon Sealing Barrier on the Great Lord Noya. However, even though the Demon Sealing Barrier’s restraining effects were far more powerful than the Judgment of the Seven Stars, players could not maintain the barrier for too long due to a lack of Mana.

On the other hand, there was no need to worry about such problems when it came to the Judgment of the Seven Stars. The Heart Devourer was a Tier 2 Evil Spirit. It possessed an abundance of Mana, more than a dozen times that of a player of the same Level. Hence, the Evil Spirit could maintain the Tier 2 Spell for a very long time, long enough to last until the end of the battle.

Moreover, the team would not have to sacrifice any combat power by using the Judgment of the Seven Stars. They were not required to partition a portion of the team to maintain the magic array. Hence, the overall effect of the Judgment of the Seven Stars was much stronger than the Demon Sealing Barrier.

The Bible of Darkness really is impressive. It is no wonder why Fantasy Extinguisher had been able to lead his team to into large-scale Team Dungeons, one after another, in the past. Shi Feng was extremely satisfied with the Bible of Darkness. Ordinary Fragmented Legendary items could not compare it at all.

Following which, Shi Feng joined in the attack on the Boss as well.

No matter what was said or done, the Bluefire Crow King was a Great Lord. Although various Spells buffed their team, everyone’s total damage was still considerably low.

Currently, the team’s number one DPS was Fire Dance. Each of the female Assassin’s normal attacks dealt roughly -900 damage. She could inflict over -2,000 damage if she used her Skills. Even when she used Absolute Strike, the most powerful Burst Skill available to a Tier 1 Assassin, she only managed to deal around -5,000 damage to the Great Lord.

As for everyone else, the majority of their normal attacks only dealt around -600 to -700 damage. They were only able to deal more than -1,000 damage if they used Skills, and very few among them could deal more than -2,000 damage.

To the Bluefire Crow King, which had 27,000,000 HP, that damage was practically negligible.

Thanks to its battle recovery, the Bluefire Crow King could recover up to 270,000 HP every five seconds; it was the equivalent of recovering 54,000 HP every second. The Crow King’s battle recovery alone negated most of the damage everyone dealt. Moreover, this was a battle inside a Dungeon, not a shooting range where one could stand still and attack freely. Everyone had to focus attention on dodging the Crow King’s attacks, so it was impossible for them to attack constantly. In other words, if their damage output was insufficient, it was impossible for them to kill the Bluefire Crow King. Rather, the Great Lord would exhaust them to death first.

Shi Feng then activated Windwalk and circled to the Crow King’s side. After activating the Aura of Fire, Purgatory Power, Phantom Kill, and Nine Dragon’s Slash, Shi Feng began his assault on the Great Lord.

As the Crow King’s mobility was restricted, it could not avoid Shi Feng’s attacks.

Every one of Shi Feng’s normal attack dealt over -1,500 damage or -3,000 damage with a critical hit. Due to the Abyssal Blade, he had a 50% chance of achieving a critical hit. The Abyssal Blade also increased the damage he dealt with each successful hit. After landing his tenth attack, his subsequent normal attacks began dealing over -1,800 damage, over -3,600 damage if it were a critical.

As for his doppelganger, although it only possessed 70% of Shi Feng’s Attributes, it had activated Blade Liberation, increasing its Strength and Agility by 90%. The damage the doppelganger currently dealt was actually higher than Shi Feng’s. Each of its normal attacks dealt over -2,400 damage, while its critical hits deal nearly -5,000 damage. The doppelganger’s Attack Speed was also slightly faster than Shi Feng.

Shi Feng’s normal attack damage was already several times higher than Fire Dance’s, not to mention his Skills.

Double Chop!

-11,420, -15,432.

Double Thunder Flame Explosion!

-14,266, -20,164.

Damages of over -10,000 appeared above the Bluefire Crow King’s head, one after another, the Great Lord repeatedly crying out in pain as its HP bar decreased.

Everyone’s jaws hit the floor when they saw these damages.

“Guild Leader, are you cheating!!”

“Guild Leader, you’re not giving us a chance…”

Everyone’s eyes twitched every time they saw Shi Feng’s attacks deal over -10,000 damage. It would have been fine if that was the only issue, but, there were also the occasional -20,000, or even -30,000 hits. Shi Feng’s damage was over a dozen times higher than theirs. Their attacks were on entirely different levels.

Originally, everyone had already treated Fire Dance as if she were a monster as every time they raided a Dungeon, Fire Dance’s total damage always ranked at the top of the team. Moreover, her total damage was over 50% higher than the second place.

Yet, what about Shi Feng?

Despite having only attacked for a short time, his damage had already surpassed Fire Dance by more than eight times. His damage was the equivalent of half the team’s total damage…

None of them understood how Shi Feng had achieved such a feat.

“Guild Leader, can’t you give us some tips on how to increase our damage?” Blackie felt as if this were the first time he had ever met Shi Feng. Shi Feng’s damage simply defied common sense.

Suddenly, Shi Feng was the center of attention.

“It’s simple. Increase your Skill Completion Rates,” Shi Feng said. He could not help but laugh at everyone’s serious expressions.

His Skill Completion Rate hovered around 95%, so he could increase his Skills’ effects by an additional 50% or so. In addition to the various powerful items he wore, his damage would naturally be greatly superior to the members of Zero Wing’s main force.

“Guild Leader, how high is your Skill Completion Rate?” Aqua Rose asked curiously.

She knew full well that Shi Feng’s Skill Completion Rate was very high. However, her Skill Completion Rate was not low, either. After a period of arduous training, she had managed to maintain it between 83% to 85%. Throughout White River City, this Completion Rate was definitely considered top-tier. As for Fire Dance and Violet Cloud, they maintained a stable 85%.

“Ninety-five percent.” Shi Feng stated straightforwardly.

“Ninety-five percent?!” Everyone inhaled sharply.

After the third evolution of God’s Domain, all players had discovered the importance of Skill Completion Rate. Hence, they had all begun to train in order to improve. However, even raising it by 1% was extremely difficult. It was especially true after reaching the 80% threshold.

Yet, Shi Feng had actually reached 95%, which was 10% higher than Fire Dance, the most powerful player in Zero Wing’s main force.

They all understood that at 85% Completion Rate, one would display 100% of a Skill’s effect. Meanwhile, every increment of 1% afterward would increase the effect significantly. It was simply inconceivable how high the Skill’s effect would be at 95% Completion Rate.

Originally, none of them had any idea of Shi Feng’s strength. Now, however, they fully understood just how powerful their Guild Leader was.

Ninety-five percent? Fire Dance was similarly shocked. Looking at Shi Feng, she inwardly swore, I will reach 95% as well!

“Is this the Guild Leader’s strength?” Shadow Sword’s eyes glowed. This was the first time he felt that his decision to join Zero Wing had been the right one.

In truth, Shadow Sword wasn’t the only one who had such thoughts. Every team member was suddenly enthusiastic, thinking the same thing.

For a time, everyone’s reverence and admiration towards Shi Feng rose to a whole new level. They all dreamed of the day when they would reach Shi Feng’s standard.

Time quickly passed. Due to Shi Feng’s stimulation, everyone became even more serious about experimenting to increase their Skill Completion Rates. The Bluefire Crow King’s HP continuously decreased.

98%… 96%… 90%…

In just a few short minutes, the Crow King’s HP dropped to 70%.

Releasing an angry cry, the Bluefire Crow King soared into the air.

“Everyone, take caution! The Boss has entered its third phase!” Shi Feng warned.