Chapter 640

Chapter 640 – Astonishing Attack Power

The Thunder Wolf cracked opened its eyes upon detecting Shi Feng’s party. It then emitted a low growl, warning the approaching humans.

Although the Demonic Beasts on the third floor would not actively attack players, they would give warnings when players got too close. If the players refused to heed their warning, they would attack.

“Cola, make sure you’re ready to aggro the Wolf! Blackie, focus on using Guardian of Light! Violet, focus on healing! Everyone else, use the Hunting Scroll when the time arrives!” Shi Feng hurriedly commanded his team when he noticed the Thunder Wolf beginning to stand.

Normally, it was practically impossible for them to capture a Level 50 Lord.

However, the Thunder Wolf was slightly special. One could use a special method to capture it.

The first condition for capturing a wild beast or Demonic Beast was to lower the monster’s HP to exactly 10%. If its HP were above or below 10%, one could not capture the monster. It was a stringent condition, and it was one of the reasons why killing a monster was much easier than capturing one.

Cola was currently Level 30 and wore a complete Tier 1 Set Equipment. He also had the Divine Bluefire Shield. Even so, he could not hope to tank a Level 50 Lord.

Finished with his commands, Shi Feng revealed the Bible of Darkness and began activating Demon Summoning.

“Emerge, Demon!”

When Shi Feng finished chanting the incantation’s final verse, the Demon Gate slowly opened. From behind the gates, a human-shaped Demon, an Evil Blade Spirit, stepped out. Sharp spikes and black scales covered the Demon’s body. This Demon was a pure attack-type and would not possess any Support Spells like the Heart Devourer.

[Evil Blade Spirit] (Evil Spirit)

Level 36

HP 3,000,000/3,000,000

Not bad. At least it’s a Tier 2 Demon. Shi Feng smiled at the Evil Blade Spirit in satisfaction.

Although it was not as strong as the Thunder Wolf, it would still be of significant help. It was fully capable of pinning down the Thunder Wolf for a long period.

“Everyone, assist the Evil Blade Spirit and attack the Thunder Wolf. Make sure you dodge the Wolf’s lightning attacks.” Shi Feng then commanded the Evil Blade Spirit to charge at the Thunder Wolf.

The Evil Blade Spirit fought like a Berserker. Activating Shadow Charge, it appeared before the Thunder Wolf like a ghost. The Blade Spirit’s sword-like arms then sliced fiercely at the Thunder Wolf’s body.

-17,519.

-16,749.

Two damages that were over -10,000 points appeared above the Lord’s head, shocking the team.

Such a high Attack Power. Shi Feng was also surprised. We lucked out this time.

A Level 36 Lord had no chance against a Level 50 Lord. The latter’s Defense was many times higher. The Thunder Wolf’s Defense was even greater than an ordinary Level 35 Great Lord. For Shi Feng, he would have to enter his Twofold Berserk state to inflict more than -10,000 damage to the Thunder Wolf. Yet, the similarly Lord ranked Evil Blade Spirit could easily deal more than -10,000 damage. The Demon’s Attack Power was stronger than even a High Lord of the same level.

“Awoo!”

The Thunder Wolf howled, countless blue arcs of electricity suddenly appeared and surrounded its body, significantly increasing its speed. It then swung its claws at the Evil Blade Spirit. The Tier 2 Evil Spirit had no opportunity to block or evade before the attack struck and sent it flying backward by more than ten yards. As it crashed to the ground, the resulting impact formed a large crater. The Thunder Wolf’s claws easily sliced through the Evil Blade Spirit’s scale armor, leaving multiple scorched scratch marks.

The Evil Blade Spirit’s HP instantly fell by 41,864. The difference in strength between them was instantly obvious.

“Isn’t its attack a little too powerful? If I don’t activate Lifesaving Skills, I’ll most likely die with a single hit.” Standing a short distance away, Cola gulped when he saw the Thunder Wolf’s damage. He no longer dared underestimate the Demonic Beast.

The Thunder Wolf’s Attack Power was many times stronger than even the Great Lord ranked Bluefire Crow King…

Just how were they supposed to lower this monster’s HP to 10%?

“Violet, heal the Evil Blade Spirit! Everyone else, attack from a distance!” Shi Feng was not particularly surprised by this result.

Level 50 was another great divide of levels.

At Level 50, players could become Tier 2 classes. Hence, monsters would become a lot more powerful after reaching Level 50 as well. Moreover, the Thunder Wolf was a super-attack-type Demonic Beast. Naturally, its Attack Power was dismaying.

However, this astonishing Attack Power was the key factor in capturing the Thunder Wolf.

Following which, Shi Feng controlled the Evil Blade Spirit and began to lure the Thunder Wolf elsewhere. At the same time, Violet Cloud continuously healed the Evil Blade Spirit. Although each of her heals could only recover several thousand HP for the Tier 2 Evil Spirit, they added up. As long as the Evil Blade Spirit fought while it fled, it will soon recover to full HP.

Meanwhile, Blackie and Aqua Rose were the party’s main damage dealers.

Unfortunately, when Aqua Rose used the Tier 1 Spell, Fire Dragon’s Dance, she only caused a little over -1,500 damage. As for Blackie, who wielded an Epic staff, he only dealt over -2,000 damage with the Tier 1 Spell, Darkness Ball. Against the Thunder Wolf’s 9,000,000 HP, their attacks were practically negligible. Only after including the Evil Blade Spirit’s attacks did their damage surpass the Lord’s battle recovery.

After Shi Feng lured the Thunder Wolf to a low-lying area, he stopped actively controlling the Evil Blade Spirit and allowed it to attack on its own.

“This should be the place.” Shi Feng observed his surroundings. After confirming that there were no problems, he recovered a dark blue Tier 2 Magic Scroll from his bag. “Everyone, distance yourselves 50 yards from the Thunder Wolf!”

Hearing Shi Feng’s command, although Blackie and Aqua Rose wondered why he wanted them to stop attacking, they had no choice but to back away from the Thunder Wolf.

After seeing Blackie and Aqua Rose retreat, Shi Feng unfurled the Magic Scroll and began chanting the incantation recorded within.

At this moment, the Evil Blade Spirit, which confronted the Thunder Wolf head-on, lost HP rapidly. Each of the Thunder Wolf’s attacks dealt over -40,000 HP, while its Skills dealt over -70,000 damage. The Evil Blade Spirit only had 3,000,000 HP. Very quickly, the Demon’s HP fell below 2,000,000. On the other hand, the Thunder Wolf had only lost around 100,000 HP.

“Blackie, use Guardian of Light on the Blade Spirit!” Shi Feng said sternly through the party chat after completing his preparations.

Immediately, Blackie cast Guardian of Light on the Evil Blade Spirit.

Guardian of Light was an Additional Skill of Mavis’s Guard. When activated, the Skill granted immunity to all magic damage, reduced physical damage taken by 80%, and recovered 5% HP every second for 20 seconds. It was one of the most powerful Lifesaving Skills at this stage of the game.

After receiving Guardian of Light, the damage the Evil Blade Spirit received fell sharply from over -40,000 points to just over -2,000 points. Moreover, it also recovered 5% of its HP every second. For the Evil Blade Spirit, that was 150,000 HP every second. Not only did the Evil Blade Spirit stop losing HP, but its HP also recovered rapidly.

“What’s going on?” Aqua Rose was surprised.

The Thunder Wolf had initially dealt over -40,000 damage to the Evil Blade Spirit. Even if its damage were reduced by 80%, it should still deal over -8,000 damage. Yet, now, its attacks only inflicted over -2,000 damage.

Before Aqua Rose could make sense of the situation, Shi Feng activated the Tier 2 Magic Scroll, Waterfall, in his hands.

Suddenly, a massive magic array appeared above the Thunder Wolf. A torrent of water then gushed out of the magic array, pummeling the Thunder Wolf and causing damages of over -4,000 points to appear above the Lord’s head. The Magic Scroll’s effect lasted for 4 seconds.

“We’re finally done. All we need to do now is to watch the show,” Shi Feng smiled faintly.

“Watch the show?” Doubt flashed in Fire Dance’s eyes.

Everyone was clearly confused. They did not understand Shi Feng’s actions.

It was merely a Tier 2 Magic Scroll. Moreover, it wasn’t dealing much damage.

In the next moment, however, everyone’s eyes nearly fell out of their sockets.

Suddenly, damages of more than -60,000 points started appearing above the Thunder Wolf’s head.

“This is…!”

When Fire Dance noticed the Thunder Wolf’s claws falling into the pooled water from the Waterfall and it receiving massive amounts of damages as a result, she immediately came to a realization.

“That’s right. The Thunder Beast’s attacks are mainly lightning-type magical attacks. Using the electrical conductivity of water, although the water will amplify the power of its attacks, it will also become a victim of its own power,” Shi Feng explained, grinning.

If it were any other monster, he would have no method to capture it. Unfortunately for the Thunder Wolf, its attacks were lightning-based, so its greatest weakness was water. Hence, when the Fantasy Shrine had faced enemies with water-type AOE Spells, they would not utilize their Thunder Wolf Mounts to assist them in battle, as doing so would cause more harm than good.

For a time, the Thunder Wolf’s 9,000,000 HP rapidly decreased.

“Everyone, get ready!” Watching the Thunder Wolf’s HP about to reach 10%, Shi Feng immediately ordered everyone to retrieve a Hunting Scroll and begin the capturing process.