Chapter 657

Chapter 657 – Pits of Despair

Hearing the rolling thunder above him, Shi Feng activated Defensive Blade. He then dashed towards the largest crowd.

Although the Tier 2 Spell, Lightning Storm, was not a large-scale destruction Spell that dealt ridiculously high damage, the Spell covered a very wide area, up to a radius of 100 yards. After the Tier 2 Professional Mage had chanted the Spell’s full incantation, even Shi Feng could not withstand or evade the attack.

“Hurry! Get rid of Black Flame!”

The upper echelons of the various large Guilds saw through Shi Feng’s ploy. He intended to kill them with a borrowed sword. Hence, as long as they killed Shi Feng first, their problems would be solved.

However, Shi Feng’s Attributes were far above the standard of current players. Even the strongest powerhouses of the various Guilds could not compete with Shi Feng in terms of Basic Attributes. Moreover, as Shi Feng had buried himself in the crowd, nobody dared to launch casual attacks. It was especially true for the ranged classes. It would be very easy for their attacks to hit their allies. Only the melee classes could attempt to pin Shi Feng down. However, could elite players possibly predict Shi Feng’s actions?

Moreover, Shi Feng was extremely cunning as he dashed towards the healers.

“Hurry up; use Control Skills! Don’t worry about friendly fire!” the upper echelons hurriedly commanded.

As the magical classes began chanting their Spells, the thunderclouds in the sky reached their climax. In the next moment, blue lightning descended from the sky. For a moment, it looked as if the end of the world were upon them as bright lightning and booming thunder took over the field.

When the lightning strikes stopped, silence fell.

Everyone was stupefied.

All players that were within Spell’s range had received over -5,000 damage each time the lightning descended. After more than a dozen lightning strikes, even the high-HP MTs who had activated Shield Wall and such Lifesaving Skills gave up the ghost.

Meanwhile, with his extreme speed, Shi Feng managed to escape Sareya’s Lightning Storm after receiving a couple of lightning strikes.

Everyone else, however, met a tragic end…

In order to deal with Zero Wing and Ouroboros, the various large Guilds had prepared and gathered together. Shi Feng just so happened to land in the middle of that crowd. After the Lightning Storm ended, nobody within the Spell’s effective radius of 100 yards had lived. Instead, only weapons and equipment occupied the space.

This scene caused witnesses to gasp and shiver.

“Is this the power of a Tier 2 NPC Mage?” Gentle Snow’s expression turned grim as she looked at the hollowed, scorched area that had previously held a sea of people.

Previously, Gentle Snow had thought it was feasible to capture Stone Forest Town with only 50,000 elite players if they did not have to worry about the other Guilds’ harassment. After watching this, however, even if they had an army several times larger, capturing the town was utterly impossible.

From a rough estimate, around 8,000 people must’ve died from that single Spell.

When Sareya saw that Shi Feng was still alive, unharmed even, a cold glint flashed in his eyes. He then began chanting another Tier 2 Spell. Meanwhile, the two other Leaders of Stone Forest Town began to massacre the players before them as they charged towards Shi Feng. Against Level 28 and Level 29 elite players, the two Level 60 Tier 2 NPCs only needed one hit to end their lives. The two NPCs were like meat grinders as they butchered the various Guilds’ elites.

As for Shi Feng, he did not bother putting up a heroic fight against the NPCs. Instead, he simply around and fled, running to the highest concentration of players.

Not only could he reduce the number of enemies this way, but he could also utilize the elite players to pin down the Three Great Leaders, giving him more time to escape with his life.

The strength of Level 60 Tier 2 NPCs with high intelligence was no laughing matter. Even a Level 35 Great Lord would not be a match for these NPCs. Otherwise, the various large Guilds would not have hesitated to capture the town.

“Black Flame, are you trying to make an enemy of every Guild here?!” an upper echelon from one of the Guilds shouted, veins popping from anger.

Everyone had already witnessed the Three Great Leaders’ strength. If they did not stop Shi Feng, their Guilds would suffer tremendous losses. The Guild members that had accompanied them were not normal members. These members were their Guilds’ foundations. If even a fraction of these players died, it would set their Guilds back tremendously, not to mention if they lost half or even three-quarters. Losing half or more of their members would deal an irrecoverable blow.

“Black Flame, even if Zero Wing is more powerful, your Guild will pay if you oppose every Guild present! We can still negotiate for peace if you stop now! Don’t make the wrong decision here!”

Watching the slaughter of their Guild members, the upper echelons of the various large Guilds tried their best to stop Shi Feng. Unfortunately, their efforts were in vain. Shi Feng was simply too fast. Their Guilds’ experts were currently grinding in the faraway Stoneclaw Mountains. With just their elite members present, they could not pin down Shi Feng.

“Sure; don’t say I never gave you a chance. Instruct your Guild Leaders sign a contract stating that your Guilds will no longer meddle with matters pertaining to Stone Forest Town immediately,” Shi Feng replied.

“Black Flame, don’t go overboard! If you don’t stop now, don’t blame us for taking action against Zero Wing’s members!”

Walk away from Stone Forest Town? Even without reporting Shi Feng’s demands to their higher-ups, they knew it was impossible. If Zero Wing and Ouroboros occupied a strategic location like Stone Forest Town, it would only be a matter of time before the Stoneclaw Mountains would fell their hands as well. Hence, they could not agree to this condition.

At this point, none of the large Guilds dared to strike the Three Great Leaders in fear of shifting the NPCs’ aggro towards themselves.

As for having their members scatter and flee, although they could reduce their losses by doing so, once scattered, they would no longer be a threat to Ouroboros and Zero Wing.

However, dealing with Zero Wing’s 400 members would be a piece of cake for their armies. Even Shi Feng could not save his allies. At that time, both sides would end in mutual destruction, with neither side obtaining any benefits.

“What a pity. You leave me with no choice, then.” Shi Feng then proceeded to dash towards the next crowd of players.

“You…! You will regret this!” The upper echelons of the various Guilds had never imagined that Shi Feng would be so decisive and unafraid of their mutual destruction.

—

At this moment, the Guild Leaders of the various Guilds, who currently resided in the faraway Stoneclaw Mountains, had received news of the attack.

“Black Flame has truly lost his mind this time. He actually dares to declare war against all of our Guilds. Since he wants to play, let’s play. Tell them to send a small detachment to take out Black Flame. Everyone else is to split up and delay Ouroboros and Zero Wing as much as possible. I doubt that Black Flame will lead the Three Great Leaders towards his own allies,” Galaxy Past laughed. Immediately, he commanded, “Everyone, retreat from the Stoneclaw Mountains and hurry to Stone Forest Town. Also, contact the other Guild Leaders. I want to show Black Flame and Gentle Snow that they are doing nothing more than digging their own graves.”

Before this occurred, the Star Alliance and Ouroboros had both been intimidating Guilds. Hence, none of the other Guilds would have worked with either one of them. Now, however, the situation changed as Ouroboros actively stirred up trouble.

The nail that stuck out would be hammered down.

If the Star Alliance could band together with the other Guilds to deal with Ouroboros, not only could they obliterate Ouroboros in one fell swoop, but it would also have a better chance of obtaining Stone Forest Town. After all, within the Star-Moon Kingdom, no other Guild could possibly stand against the Star Alliance. Once Ouroboros was gone, the Star Alliance’s word would become law.

—

A short moment later, sure enough, the Guild Leaders of the various large Guilds had formed an alliance with the Star Alliance to deal with both Ouroboros and Zero Wing.

After the various large Guilds surrounding Stone Forest Town banded together, according to Galaxy Past’s plans, they sent out a force of 80,000 players to suppress Ouroboros and Zero Wing. As for the remaining forces, they scattered and circled the town preventing anyone from escaping.

“Black Flame, it’s too late! Today, we’ll teach you the consequences for antagonizing the masses!”

The upper echelons of the various Guilds directed their members to suppress Ouroboros and Zero Wing. Even if the Three Great Leaders were more powerful, with everyone spreading out, even if the NPCs had free rein, they would only kill a limited number. Against an army of 250,000, that number would only be a drop in the bucket.

Meanwhile, the various large Guilds had forced Ouroboros and Zero Wing into a corner.

It was extremely easy for an army of 250,000 elites to suppress 50,000 elites. Not to mention, the experts of each respective Guild were on their way. When their main forces arrived, Ouroboros and Zero Wing would be finished.

They’ve banded together as expected! Shi Feng frowned. However, he just shook his head and laughed. Since you want to go for mutual destruction, I’ll show you the pits of despair.

The Three Great Leaders protecting Stone Forest Town had not revealed all of their strength.

Stone Forest Town was in such close proximity to the Stoneclaw Mountains. With the massive benefits from the Mountains, how could Stone Forest Town possibly be an ordinary town?