Chapter 653

Chapter 653 – Overall Improvement

Although the Trial Tower’s competition ended with Zero Wing’s victory, the members of Zero Wing’s main force were well aware that it had been due to the Hundred Berry Wine. Otherwise, they would not have achieved such frightening results.

During the challenge, everyone had discovered many of their own imperfections, their combat power improving slightly as a result.

“What a pity. If I could experience that kind of feeling once more, I might reach a stable Skill Completion Rate at 87% and pass this stage.” After the Hundred Berry Wine’s effects dissipated, Fire Dance challenged the sixth floor’s late stage again. This time, she passed it without any issues and could now reach the seventh floor with her own power. Unfortunately, she suffered defeat in the seventh floor’s early stage. “But the Hundred Berry Wine did allow me to gain an initial understanding of how to use Void Steps. Guild Leader will be surprised if he finds out.”

Void Steps was an advanced style of footwork and Shi Feng’s trademark technique.

Just gaining an initial understanding of how to use the Skill was extremely difficult.

If Shi Feng learned that Fire Dance could use Void Steps, he would definitely be surprised. He had spent many years in order to learn the technique, yet Fire Dance had managed to grasp it in such a short time. Although Shi Feng’s guidance largely contributed to her success, the fact that she had learned the technique in such a short time certainly had something to do with her innate talent.

“Huh? Return to the Residence?” Fire Dance muttered as she read the message Aqua Rose had sent to her. She then chose to teleport out of the Trial Tower.

—

Inside the conference hall of Zero Wing’s Guild Residence…

Without wasting time, Shi Feng retrieved all of the synthesized Tier 3 Gemstones from his bag.

“All of you, equip these Tier 3 Gemstones.”

Shi Feng had already replaced all his Tier 2 Gemstones with Tier 3 Strength-attributed Gemstones. As a result, his Strength Attribute had increased by more than a hundred points. At this moment, even without activating Heavenly Dragon’s Power, his Strength could match a Chieftain of the same level. Even a Lord of the same level would struggle to push him back.

If the main force replaced their Tier 2 Gemstones with Tier 3 Gemstones as well, although they would not be as strong as he was, they could still contend with a Special Elite of the same level. Some, such as Fire Dance and the others, who wore a Tier 1 Set Equipment, might be capable of more.

Ordinary players’ Attributes were inferior to Common monsters of the same level. They would only be slightly stronger with a full set of Bronze Equipment. At that time, the only advantage Common monsters would have was their higher HP.

If a player was fully equipped with Secret-Silver Equipment, their Attributes should be roughly equal to an Elite monster of the same level.

Only when one wore a full set of Dark-Gold Equipment would they have the same amount of Attributes as a Special Elite of the same rank.

As for Zero Wing’s main force, although their equipment was a mix of Level 30 Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Equipment, they had the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits to make up for the difference. If they embedded Tier 3 Gemstones into every item, their Attributes should be roughly the same as if they wore a set of Level 30 Dark-Gold Equipment.

None of the main force’s members dared to believe their eyes as they stared at the Tier 3 Gemstones on the table. Every jaw hit the floor.

Aqua Rose was similarly stunned speechless.

She knew full well just how valuable Tier 3 Gemstones were. Moreover, no one had found a source for these Gemstones yet. One could only obtain them from Alchemy Synthesis. However, synthesizing a Tier 3 Gemstone would cost at least 20 Gold. Meanwhile, there were over a thousand shining Gemstones on the table. In other words, the Gemstones scattered across this table were worth over 20,000 Gold at the very least.

“We’re in a hurry, so equip them quickly.” Shi Feng had already received a status report about the Stoneclaw Mountains. Although things seemed calm on the surface, and the various Guilds were busy killing monsters and grinding for Magic Crystals, the number of Guild players gathering in the Mountains increased by the minute. Every Guild was rapidly mobilizing their forces.

Even Stone Forest Town, the closest town to the Stoneclaw Mountains, was surrounded by players. All of these players were members of various large Guilds. It seemed that these Guilds intended to capture Stone Forest Town.

The nearest teleportation array to the Stoneclaw Mountains was over ten hours on foot. On the other hand, Stone Forest Town was only an hour from the Asura Mode Dungeon. The town was an absolute treasure.

Whether it was for repairing equipment or purchasing consumables, Stone Forest Town was the best option.

Otherwise, they would have to waste a day to travel back and forth between Star-Moon City and the Stoneclaw Mountains.

Meanwhile, Stone Forest Town was not under Star-Moon Kingdom’s control. Instead, the forces of darkness held it. It was one of the towns that players could capture and occupy. As long as the town fell under a Guild’s control, said Guild could hire an army of NPCs to defend the town for 15 days. Even if every Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom banded together, they would not be able to do anything to the captured Stone Forest Town.

After a Guild successfully captured Stone Forest Town, said Guild would also receive an additional advantage.

They could select a resurrection point.

When players died, they would revive in their own cities. Of course, players could also choose to revive at the nearest resurrection point. Meanwhile, Stone Forest Town was the nearest resurrection point to the Stoneclaw Mountains. However, the precondition for reviving in Stone Forest Town was that one needed to capture it. Moreover, only members of the Guild that held the town, or those given explicit permission by said Guild, could revive there.

This would be a huge advantage for capturing the Stoneclaw Mountains in the future.

Since Shi Feng had learned that the Stoneclaw Mountains had been activated, he would not waste any time. He intended to capture Stone Forest Town with Zero Wing’s greatest forces. Unfortunately, other Guilds shared the same thoughts. For now, though, he needed to occupy a strategic location as quickly as possible. Otherwise, their tasks would be far more difficult.

A short moment later, every member of the main force had replaced their Tier 2 Gemstones with Tier 3 Gemstones, their Attributes increasing significantly.

Following which, Shi Feng led the main force and the Dark Gods Legion mightily towards the Teleportation Hall.

“Wow, what’s Zero Wing up to?”

“Whoa! That’s so impressive! I’m actually having trouble breathing right now!”

“Is Zero Wing planning to start a war?”

The players on the streets could not help but wonder when they saw Zero Wing’s frightening momentum.

Over 400 players, fully equipped with the current best equipment, marched down the street. No matter where this army went, they would be a force to be reckoned with. They could easily trample a large Guild. Not to mention, over 100 of these players were experts who had surpassed the fourth floor of the Trial Tower. If they participated in a field battle, they could easily stand against several thousand elite players. Meanwhile, a single large Guild only had several thousand elite players.

Suddenly, the various large Guilds in White River City began to panic.

Although an army of over 400 players seemed small, its strength was no laughing matter. If they wanted to, they could easily obliterate any Guild team that was grinding out in the fields.

“Does Black Flame intend to move against us?!” Feng Xuanyang trembled upon receiving this news. He was so shocked that he nearly jumped out of his seat. “But why? We haven’t provoked Zero Wing recently. We even yielded a few high-resource areas to them! They shouldn’t have any reason to deal with us. Did some fool go and provoke Black Flame again?”

At this moment, the upper echelons of the various large Guilds in White River City felt threatened. Every one of them immediately withdrew from the fields, returning either to White River City or the nearest town as fast as possible.