Chapter 659

Chapter 659 – Town Token

“What’s going on?”

Seeing the Three Great Leaders’ panicked expressions, the players in Stone Forest Town turned to Shi Feng, who stood on top of the Obelisk.

The Three Great Leaders were Level 60 Tier 2 NPCs. At this stage of the game, these NPCs could squish players like ants.

Yet, such powerful NPCs were actually afraid. What was going on?

After Shi Feng shattered the crystal ball, he switched the Seven Luminaries Ring to the Aura of Space and used Space Movement to escape the town.

In the next moment, a massive fivefold magic array appeared above Stone Forest Town, enveloping it.

Suddenly, Mana Rain began to fall on the town.

“Such a high Mana density! My Spell effects have doubled! This feels awesome!” Many magical class players in the down grew excited.

At this moment, the members of Ouroboros and the various large Guilds had stopped fighting as they shifted their gazes towards the phenomenon in Stone Forest Town. The fivefold magic array covered the sky above the town and currently released a colorful brilliance. Even from so far away, they could feel the dense Mana filling the city.

Suddenly, Stone Forest Town became a paradise for players.

The higher the density of Mana in the environment, the clearer and more active a player’s mind was. These areas were helpful for improving a person’s Skill Completion Rate. Unfortunately, locations with high Mana density were extremely rare in God’s Domain. Although the environmental Mana in the Divine Colosseum’s Trial Tower was quite dense, it was nothing compared to Stone Forest Town.

Seeing that Stone Forest Town had such a valuable atmosphere, the various Guilds’ upper echelons began to drool.

Regardless of the sacrifice, we must have a Guild Residence in Stone Forest Town! Ruthless greed flashed in these echelons’ eyes.

Setting aside the Mana Crystals of the Stoneclaw Mountains, capturing Stone Forest Town for its atmosphere was worth every sacrifice.

If they possessed Stone Forest Town, they could send their Guilds’ elites here to improve themselves. Although development here would not be as efficient as in the Divine Colosseum, they would not have to spend a single Mana Crystal on training. They could save a lot of money.

Moreover, if they allowed their members to train in Stone Forest Town for long periods, the rate at which they nurtured experts would definitely surpass the other Guilds. With a large group of experts, becoming even a super-first-rate Guild would be entirely possible.

Without hesitation, the upper echelons of the various large Guilds immediately reported this to their respective Guild Leaders.

“I never imagined that Stone Forest Town would have such a secret.”

“I don’t care what it takes! We must obtain Stone Forest Town!”

Hearing this news, the various Guild Leaders gave their orders.

For a time, none of these Guilds paid Ouroboros or Zero Wing any attention. Their members began to surge into Stone Forest Town. Moreover, with the dense Mana surrounding the town, the closer these players got to the town, the stronger their combat power became. It was especially true for magical class players. Their combat power more than doubled. At this moment, it would be a piece of cake to clear out Stone Forest Town’s NPCs.

Although the NPCs in the city had also grown stronger due to the environmental Mana, only the magical class NPCs received a damage buff. Their Skill Completion Rates had not changed. However, that was not the case for players. The dense Mana created a conducive environment that improved both Spell effects and Skill Completion Rate. Players had received a much greater boost to their combat power than the NPCs. Hence, capturing the town became much easier.

“Guild Leader, just what did you do to Stone Forest Town?” Aqua Rose could not bring herself to believe what she saw. Stone Forest Town was practically a cultivating heaven for players now. In addition, there were also the Stoneclaw Mountain’s Magic Crystals. Any Guild that claimed the town would definitely become Star-Moon Kingdom’s overlord.

“Don’t ask. Order everyone retreat from the town this instant,” Shi Feng said sternly. He had long since distanced himself from the town.

In the past, when the Stoneclaw Mountains came into being, the Dungeon had incited a war between Star-Moon City’s large Guilds. Back then, however, nobody had claimed Stone Forest Town for themselves. Only after a long time had passed did the Star Alliance launch an assault on Stone Forest Town. Naturally, Stone Forest Town had not been a match for the first-rate Guild. However, just before the Guild captured the town, Sareya had activated the Obelisk.

Shortly after, Star Alliance’s army was obliterated.

Initially, when Shi Feng planned the attack on Stone Forest Town, he had intended to finish off Sareya quickly, giving him no opportunity to activate the Obelisk. However, since the situation no longer permitted that, he had no choice but to activate the Obelisk himself.

Under Shi Feng’s command, even though Aqua Rose and the others were reluctant, they quickly retreated from Stone Forest Town.

“Snow, let’s go. As long as we snatch the Town Token dropped by the Great Leader, Stone Forest Town will belong to us. At that time, even if the Star Alliance and the other Guilds band together, they will not be a match for us,” Zhao Yueru suggested anxiously as she watched the Guilds frantically surge into Stone Forest Town.

If the other Guilds obtained Stone Forest Town, Ouroboros would struggle to survive in Star-Moon City.

Glancing at Aqua Rose and the others, who gradually fled the town, Gentle Snow shook her head and said, “Let’s retreat.”

“But what about Stone Forest Town? With that many elite players, they could definitely exhaust the Three Great Leaders to death. Not to mention, the other Guilds’ experts are currently making their way here,” Zhao Yueru asked curiously.

“Black Flame told us to leave Stone Forest Town. He must have a reason. Otherwise, with Zero Wing’s strength, they could compete for the Town Token. Since they aren’t trying to fight over it, there must be something wrong with Stone Forest Town. Moreover, Black Flame caused this himself. He must know more than we do. It’s best that we retreat and observe the situation for now.” Stone Forest Town tempted Gentle Snow as well, but she chose to maintain her calm because she knew that a calm mind was the strongest weapon in such a situation.

“Hah…” Zhao Yueru sighed. Although she was disappointed, her friend had never been wrong. In the end, she could only turn and retreat after glancing at Stone Forest Town.

Ouroboros’s other members also began to retreat.

Time passed little by little.

The battle inside Stone Forest Town grew more intense as time passed. The environmental Mana also grew denser. The players in the town fought madly in the thick Mana.

After more than ten minutes of frantic battle, the majority of the NPCs inside Stone Forest Town had died. Only a few Tier 2 NPCs remained, desperately fighting for their lives.

The elite players that surged into the town in waves were simply too much to handle, even for the Three Great Leaders. At this moment, the three NPCs each had less than 30% of their HP remaining. On the other hand, there were still over 150,000 elite players in the city. Victory was in sight for the various Guilds.

“Kill!”

“Sareya only has about 1,000,000 HP left! Focus on avoiding his large-scale destruction Spells!”

“Guild Leader has issued the command. Whoever secures the Town Token will be directly promoted to a Guild Elder, rewarded with a set of top-tier equipment and five million Credits!”

The Guild’s upper echelons secretly sent commands through their respective Guild channels.

Aside from the Guild Elder position, owning a set of top-tier equipment was everyone’s dreams. In addition, there was also the reward of five million Credits. The Town Token’s importance was obvious. To ordinary players, five million Credits was an astronomical amount. If they had that kind of money, they wouldn’t have to work a single day for the rest of their lives. In addition to the position of Elder, they could enjoy a life of luxury.

Suddenly, everyone began attacking with even greater enthusiasm.

—

Meanwhile, Ouroboros and Zero Wing’s members, who watched from afar, grew anxious.

“Guild Leader, at this rate, some other Guild will claim the Town Token,” Aqua Rose said anxiously as she looked to Shi Feng, who maintained an extraordinary calm.

However, as soon as Aqua Rose finished speaking, Sareya, who was inside Stone Forest Town, suddenly bellowed, the sound waves sending all players within a radius of 30 yards flying.

Before anyone noticed it, Sareya’s white hair had become a lustrous black. As if he had grown younger by several decades, his appearance morphed from one of an old man to that of a handsome youth. However, unlike ordinary people, this youth’s eyes were pure black like two black pits. Those eyes contained no emotion, and just looking at them would send shivers down one’s spine.

“It’s finally coming,” Shi Feng grew serious as he watched the distant Sareya. “Aqua, have everyone prepare.”