Chapter 661

Chapter 661 – Harvest after the Battle

“He died?”

Everyone looked at the corpse of Sareya, which had fallen on top of the Obelisk like a broken rag doll, in disbelief.

The Sareya that had sent over 200,000 elite players running for their lives like dogs had perished almost instantly. It was like waking up to find that everything that happened before had been merely a bad dream.

“Just what did he do?” Gentle Snow did not dare believe this situation was real.

Such a powerful NPC like Sareya had actually been no more than a toy for Shi Feng…

All this time, the various large Guilds had been dancing on the palm of Shi Feng’s hand—as if these large Guilds were at his beck and call. This feat was much more frightening than just relying on pure strength to defeat the various Guilds. With this ability of his alone, he could easily instill fear in every Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom.

While everyone was still stunned at the sudden development, some of the Guild upper echelons quickly reacted.

“The Town Token!”

The Town Token was an item that dropped only from the leader of the town. Now that Sareya had died, he would naturally drop the Town Token. As long as they obtained the Town Token, they could turn Stone Forest Town into a Guild Town. They would also receive protection from the kingdom for a limited time, during which, they could set up Shops and establish their own Guild Residences, allowing a smooth transfer of town management.

In addition, the maps around Stone Forest Town ranged from Level 30 to Level 50. Players were sure to come to this area in the future, meaning the town had a very strategic location. Not to mention, the Stoneclaw Mountains were only a short distance away.

“Everyone, charge! We must get that Town Token no matter what!”

The upper echelons of the various Guilds issued commands one after another, passing down the same order from their respective Guild Leaders.

The various large Guilds had already suffered tremendous losses from the war. If they still failed to obtain the Town Token, then wouldn’t all their efforts have benefited their enemy instead?

Under a unified command, everyone charged madly towards the heart of Stone Forest Town, all fully intent on killing Shi Feng and taking the Town Token.

At this time, Gentle Snow had also reacted, immediately shouting, “Everyone, protect Black Flame as he retreats! Don’t let the enemy succeed!”

After the Town Token dropped, a marker would appear on the player who picked it up. The marker would disappear only after two hours. The Town Token would also drop upon death.

Moreover, during this period, the player holding the Town Token would not be able to use Return Scrolls and similar items. Hence, Shi Feng could not escape to the city using a Return Scroll. He could only endure and survive through the two hours.

At this point, Shi Feng was the closest to Sareya’s corpse. Everyone else was still quite a distance away. It was obvious to everyone that the Town Token would fall into Shi Feng’s hands. Although the opposing Guilds had less than 50,000 elite members left alive, these still posed a threat to Shi Feng. Not to mention, there was still a large group of experts on their way to the town.

Fortunately, with 30,000 elite members, protecting Shi Feng’s retreat would be a walk in the park for Ouroboros. Once he was out of harm’s way, he only needed to hide in a secluded location and wait out the two hours.

Meanwhile, with the sealing of the Awakened now completed, the Obelisk had also begun sinking back into the ground, disappearing from view. As for Shi Feng himself, he was leisurely picking up the loot Sareya dropped, paying no mind to the rapidly approaching army.

Once an item was in his hands, it was practically impossible for anybody to steal it from him.

Despite being only a Tier 2 NPC, the loot Sareya dropped was quite bountiful. Sareya had dropped more than 20 items, though the majority of them were Magic Crystals and some rare materials. Of the items dropped, the most valuable was the Town Token. The next was a magic array design. The rest were some Level 50 weapons and equipment. However, the items were of low quality, uniformly of Secret-Silver rank. Moreover, current players could not equip these items.

Although this Basic Mana Gathering Magic Array is a good item, unfortunately, it costs too many Magic Crystals to operate. At present, no Guild will be able to sustain a magic array like this. Shi Feng inwardly felt disappointed as he looked at the tattered design in his hand.

The Basic Mana Gathering Magic Array could gather and condense Mana into an area of 30*30 yards, allowing players to meditate and improve on their Skill Completion Rates within it. Although the density of the Mana inside the magic array would be slightly higher than in the Divine Colosseum’s Trial Tower, the magic array cost 50 Magic Crystals per hour to maintain.

In terms of development functions, the Trial Tower had the Main God System showing players the perfect combat style of each class. This aspect of the Trial Tower was superior to the Basic Mana Gathering Magic Array, which did not supply players with any opponents. However, the magic array provided a perfect environment when players wished to train in the usage of their Skills. After all, the Trial Tower would not give players any time to drill their Skills.

Unfortunately, the optimum number of players the Basic Mana Gathering Magic Array could accommodate was roughly eight to ten. This capacity made the magic array very costly. Moreover, there would not be any noticeable effects if one only trained for one or two hours. Players usually had to train within the magic array for five or six hours. In other words, a Guild would have to expend around 30 Magic Crystals per person—an exorbitant price for the current Guilds of God’s Domain.

Storing away the Basic Mana Gathering Magic Array Design, Shi Feng took out a golden key from his bag. Of the items Sareya dropped, this was the third most valuable treasure: the key to Stone Forest Town’s treasury.

Every town occupied by a force of darkness would have its own treasury, just like the time when Zero Wing had raided Creek Town. However, as they had been on a Crusade Quest back then, the system had reduced the amount of treasure they could obtain significantly. Even so, it had still been a considerable harvest. On the other hand, since they had managed to actually capture Stone Forest Town without the aid of a Crusade Quest, the amount of treasure they could obtain would no doubt be enough to make Guilds go crazy over it.

However, this was a secret known only to players who had captured a town. Currently, the various large Guilds of Star-Moon City were still ignorant of this matter.

“Aqua, I’ll leave this key with you. Take the main force and the Dark Gods Legion, and clean out the treasury. Afterwards, reconvene back at White River City.” Saying so, Shi Feng passed the golden key to Aqua Rose. He then made a straight dash out of Stone Forest Town.

Although he could easily shake off the various large Guilds, he had no choice but to spend some time playing around with these Guilds to buy some time for Aqua Rose and the others.

“Shit! Black Flame’s escaped!”

“After him! We can’t let Black Flame get away no matter what!”

When the various large Guilds saw Shi Feng exiting Stone Forest Town and running towards the limestone hills, they immediately changed their course and headed in that direction as well.

Looking at the elite army chasing behind him, Shi Feng reduced his speed to give his pursuers some false hope as he slowly lured them away from the town.

—

“Guild Leader, the Town Token has already fallen into Zero Wing’s and Ouroboros’s hands. Our men most likely won’t be able to keep up with Black Flame’s speed. With this, it will become a lot more difficult for us to compete for the Stoneclaw Mountains.” Purple Eye frowned when she watched the video from the members at Stone Forest Town.

Stone Forest Town provided a geographical advantage in capturing the Stoneclaw Mountains. Now that Zero Wing and Ouroboros had secured the town, they had at least a 50% chance of claiming the Dungeon for themselves. Not to mention, with the massive loss that the various Guilds of Star-Moon City had just suffered, nobody was capable of hindering Ouroboros and Zero Wing. Given some time, the odds that the two Guilds would claim the Stoneclaw Mountains would rise to 70% to 80%.

“It seems that I really underestimated Black Flame. However, ultimately, Star-Moon City is still the Star Alliance’s territory. Even if Zero Wing and Ouroboros have obtained Stone Forest Town, they should not even dream of monopolizing the Stoneclaw Mountains,” Galaxy Past said, a cold glint flashing across his eyes. “Let’s return to Star-Moon City for now. Purple, contact the other Guilds and have them spread the news about the Stoneclaw Mountains. I want to see just how Zero Wing and Ouroboros intend to swallow up the Stoneclaw Mountains.”

Time passed quickly. After Shi Feng toyed around with the various large Guilds for two hours, he immediately used a Return Scroll and teleported back to White River City.

However, Shi Feng did not return directly to the Guild Residence. Instead, he brought the Town Token of Stone Forest Town to the Adventurer’s Association.