Chapter 663

Chapter 663 – Preparing a Town

After handing over 13,500 Gold, the NPC clerk handed Shi Feng a Deed.

With this Deed, Stone Forest Town would only belong to Shi Feng from this point forward. He could construct any building he desired within the town’s confines without restriction.

I finally have some capital. Shi Feng was inwardly overjoyed as he looked at the Deed of Stone Forest Town.

There were countless Guilds in God’s Domain. If a Guild wanted to stand on its own feet, it first needed its own Guild Residence. If a Guild wanted to develop and flourish, then it needed its own Guild Town.

A Guild was a massive machine, a machine that required a large sum of money to operate and maintain.

Although a Guild could earn a lot of money through trading firms during the early stages of the game, it was chump change compared to what a Guild Town could generate. However, as players reached higher levels, they would have more sources to earn an income. Hence, Coins would depreciate as time passed.

Meanwhile, Guild Towns were different.

A Guild could construct various establishments in their own town. A town also offered a wide array of business models for the Guild. Guild Towns were different from NPC Towns that only accepted Coins. In Guild Towns, the ruling Guild could even require Credits as payment.

In God’s Domain, NPC Towns were very restricting. For example, it was extremely difficult for players to purchase their own Houses or Shops. However, Guild Town’s did not have those restrictions. Only money was necessary.

Furthermore, Guild Towns were generally constructed off the beaten path, providing players on the frontlines a place to rest and reorganize without needing waste time traveling back to cities.

It was especially true for a strategic town like Stone Forest Town. It was very easy to lure players to the town. Most likely, once the town began operating, its player traffic would even surpass White River City. One could easily earn a ton of money just by opening a small Shop there, not to mention the money one could earn from controlling the entire town.

Unfortunately, in order to develop the town, Shi Feng needed to construct various buildings such as restaurants, an Auction House, an Adventurer’s Association, Shops, bars, hotels, and other establishments. The cost would be significant.

“I need more money,” Shi Feng could not help but sigh as he considered the cost.

The various large Guilds in Star-Moon City were of the mind that, as long as they obtained Stone Forest Town, they could easily earn a large sum of money. If these Guilds really had obtained Stone Forest City, most likely, the only thing they would have done was stare at it.

Aside from the construction cost of various lifestyle buildings, just the basic construction and registration fees were enough to bleed a first-rate Guild dry.

Even with Zero Wing’s financial strength, it would be extremely taxing to operate Stone Forest Town. Afterward, the cost would continue to climb as they prepared to open Stone Forest Town to the public.

—

Time passed quickly.

Unknowingly, two days had gone by.

For people in the real world, two days was nothing. To players in Star-Moon Kingdom, however, they had spent every waking moment grinding to reach Level 30 and enter the Stoneclaw Mountains for Magic Crystals.

During these two short days, the number of players that had entered the Stoneclaw Mountains had increased significantly. Every Guild in Star-Moon City had fallen silent as they busied themselves with their own agendas, acting as if the war at Stone Forest Town had never occurred.

Shi Feng had focused solely on reconstructing Stone Forest Town, executing his initial plans for the town. Although Shi Feng could have relegated this task to Aqua Rose, for assurance’s sake, he chose to do it himself. After all, he had several carefully considered plans in mind. He was also more familiar with the town’s layout. Furthermore, he had his own plans for his Guild’s future. Hence, it was best if he dealt with the town’s reconstruction.

In the meantime, Aqua Rose tagged along with Fire Dance’s team to raid the 100-man Team Dungeon, Frost Prison.

As a 100-man Team Dungeon, ordinary Dungeons could not compare to the Frost Prison. The Bosses inside were all Great Lords. The least valuable items that dropped in the Dungeon were Level 30 Fine-Gold Equipment. There was also a high chance for Dark-Gold Equipment to drop. To current players, such equipment was among the best.

Hence, the various large Guilds desperately raided Dungeons.

Of course, they focused on these Dungeons for the fame of obtaining First Clears, but they also did so to prepare for the Stoneclaw Mountains.

As an Asura Mode Regional Dungeon, how could the Stoneclaw Mountains be easy? Even these Guilds’ main forces would find the Dungeon difficult to survive. Moreover, they could only grind in the Dungeon’s outermost region.

To obtain a large number of Magic Crystals, they needed to venture further into the Stoneclaw Mountains. Hence, the various large Guilds focused on avenues to improve their equipment. The fastest way to do so was through 100-man Team Dungeons.

Meanwhile, Zero Wing’s Dungeon progression thus far was quite efficient.

With the Power of Darkness and the improvements they had gained from challenging the Trial Tower repeatedly, Zero Wing’s main force had reached the Final Boss, the Frost Giant. At this moment, they only needed a little luck to clear the Dungeon.

—

“The basics should be finished by now. With this, I can finally launch Stone Forest Town.” Shi Feng glanced at the time, feeling that construction of the town’s basic infrastructure should be complete.

Normally, after a Guild obtained a town, the town would have to undergo a construction period of two or three days. However, in truth, Shi Feng had spent most of the time completing Zero Wing’s Guild Residence in Stone Forest Town. Compared to Zero Wing’s Guild Residence in White River City, the Guild Residence in Stone Forest Town was larger and more extravagant.

While Zero Wing’s Residence in White River City could only accommodate a few tens of thousands of people at one time, the newly constructed Guild Residence in Stone Forest Town could accommodate up to 100,000 people. Moreover, as Zero Wing was a 2-star Guild, there were plenty of 2-star Private Rooms in the new Residence. In comparison, White River City’s Guild Residence did not even have enough Private Rooms for the Guild’s core members.

“Guild Leader, here are the materials you requested,” Melancholic Smile said as she entered the Advanced Forging Room and unloaded the collection of rare materials onto the large stone table.

By this point, Melancholic Smile had become an Intermediate Forger thanks to the large amount of resources that she had been given access to. Currently, she was very close to becoming an Advanced Forger. In addition, she was also one of the Eight Great Intermediate Forgers in Star-Moon Kingdom.

Among these Eight Great Intermediate Forgers, four belonged to the Candlelight Trading Firm. Throughout Star-Moon Kingdom, not a single trading firm could compete with Candlelight.

“Good. Notify Cocoa and the others. We’ll be going on a trip in a moment.” Shi Feng nodded as he stored his plans. He then took inventory of the materials.

Melancholic Smile nodded in confusion. She did not understand why Shi Feng suddenly wanted her and the others to accompany him.

They were simply forgers. They had no combat capabilities whatsoever.

Gathering these materials sure took a lot of time. If not for Gentle Snow, who knows how long it would’ve taken. After confirming that nothing was missing, Shi Feng smiled satisfactorily.

These were the materials he needed to construct a Teleportation Magic Array. Every one of these items was extremely rare, even to large Guilds. Gentle Snow had only obtained these materials for Shi Feng after using her personal connections.

Following which, Shi Feng stored the materials and led Melancholic Smile and the others towards Stone Forest Town.

—

Arriving in Stone Forest Town…

The town was no longer a gathering place for Red Names. All around, one could see Level 150 guards patrolling the streets. Any player who wished to attack Stone Forest Town had to go through them first.

Level 150 guards…. Even a Common Guard at this level could kill current players instantly, not to mention Tier 1 and Tier 2 Guards. Even an army of hundreds of thousands of players would fail to capture the town now.