Chapter 664

Chapter 664 – New Residence

The construction of Stone Forest Town’s basic infrastructure was finally complete.

A massive, eight-story-tall building dominated the town’s heart. Zero Wing’s six-winged Guild Emblem graced the front of this building, and even from afar, one could see it clearly.

This fortress-like superstructure was none other than Zero Wing’s new Guild Residence.

Aside from Zero Wing’s Residence, the second most eye-catching architecture was a seven-story Shop. Shi Feng had prepared this for the Candlelight Trading Firm. To construct this Shop, Shi Feng had paid a total of 1,500 Gold in material fees. Fortunately, he was in charge of the town. Otherwise, the price of the Land alone would’ve emptied Zero Wing’s coffers.

The town also possessed plenty of two-story buildings for other players to use.

If not for his lack of funds, Shi Feng would’ve preferred five-story buildings rather than two-story. After all, these buildings were all within Stone Forest Town’s golden area. The taller the building was, the more he could charge in rent.

Shi Feng had specifically designed the town to allow its main street to lead towards the Stoneclaw Mountains. Any players that entered the town with intentions of heading towards the Stoneclaw Mountains would have to travel down the main street. Hence, the flow of traffic would have to pass by these Shops, ensuring that they would not go unnoticed.

Furthermore, Shi Feng had also constructed a hotel and smithy, infrastructures that were most important to players. Only, as his funds were limited at the moment, the hotel and smithy were quite ordinary. He could only reconstruct them in the future.

When Melancholic Smile saw the town, her eyes instantly lit up.

Although she did not participate in any combat, she was well-informed. She had long since known that Zero Wing had taken control of Stone Forest Town. However, she had never imagined that Zero Wing would be capable of so much.

The Candlelight Trading Firm’s 2-star Shop in White River City was only five-stories tall, yet the Shop here was seven-stories tall. Moreover, it occupied a much larger area. Not only could the Shop here accommodate many more Lifestyle players, but there was also no need to fuss about lacking space for a warehouse.

At this point, the Candlelight Trading Firm was developing faster and faster. Although they had set up branches in many important cities, there was simply not enough space to store the materials they collected due to Shi Feng’s hoarding requests. After they had filled their Shops warehouses, they had no choice but to rent warehouses from the Bank. However, such a massive Shop in Stone Forest Town would solve much of their storage problem.

Shi Feng quickly led Melancholic Smile and the others to Zero Wing’s new Guild Residence.

“This is the design for the Teleportation Magic Array. Take a look. I hope that you can manufacture it as soon as possible,” Shi Feng said as he revealed the design.

Any player, regardless of class, could manufacture the Teleportation Magic Array. Only, as the manufacturing process was too complex and cumbersome, it was not a job for a single person. Moreover, highly skilled forging players would have a higher success rate with the teleportation array. Hence, Shi Feng asked Melancholic Smile and the other Intermediate Forgers to construct it for him.

“Teleportation Magic Array Design?” Everyone was thunderstruck.

Although they were not combat players, they knew full well just how valuable a Teleportation Magic Array was.

Their trip to Stone Forest Town had proven this.

In total, they had spent over ten hours traveling from White River City to Stone Forest Town. There were only 48 hours in a day in God’s Domain, and most players would only be online for roughly 20 to 30 of those hours. Hence, it was extremely frustrating to spend more than ten hours on travel. Unfortunately, players had no choice but to travel here as this was the leveling map for players Level 30 and above. The Stoneclaw Mountains also loomed nearby, reminding players of the benefits it offered.

If there were a Teleportation Magic Array, however, many things would become easier.

If they constructed a Teleportation Magic Array in Stone Forest Town, they could teleport between the town and other cities. They could save more than ten hours’ of travel time.

While others wasted more than ten hours of their day, they could use that time to focus on more important matters. It would be extremely easy to shake off the other Guilds.

However, what no one knew was that Shi Feng had other plans for the teleportation array in this town.

“The Teleportation Magic Array’s manufacturing process is so complex!” Cream Cocoa’s interest was more than piqued.

When forging weapons and equipment, forgers would often engrave runes or other strange images on the items. She was absolutely clueless about the meaning behind these runes and images. However, as they played an important role in determining her forging success rate, she often retreated to the library for research.

Unfortunately, what she could learn from the library was limited. Although she had learned plenty, her understanding of runes and images was still half-baked.

The Teleportation Magic Array was intensely magical. The array utilized a massive number of runes and images.

The Teleportation Magic Array Design was different from ordinary forging designs. The design referred to many concepts that were not available in the library’s database.

“Guild Leader, this will be a massive undertaking. With the few of us here, it will take a very long time to complete.” Melancholic Smile laughed bitterly after a brief examination of the design.

“I know. However, the Teleportation Magic Array is exceptionally difficult to manufacture. Even Basic Forgers will struggle to meet the minimum requirements. Hence, I’ve asked the few of you. After you discuss and distribute the tasks, make a photocopy of the part of the design you will work on and find me for the materials you require.” Shi Feng had already predicted that his forgers would need a lot of time to complete the task. However, he would rather waste a little time than deal with unnecessary failures.

Fortunately, the Teleportation Magic Array was an assembly of parts. Even if Melancholic Smile and the others failed to manufacture certain parts, they would not need to restart the process from scratch. However, the materials he had on hand were limited. He really did not dare risk letting Basic Forgers try their hand.

After Melancholic Smile and the others finished splitting up the workload and photocopied the Teleportation Magic Array Design, Shi Feng stored the design and headed towards the first floor’s lounge.

The Teleportation Magic Array Design was different from ordinary designs. It was not a learning-type design. After a player clicked to learn an ordinary design, said design would become useless, and the player would have learned to produce the item recorded. However, the Teleportation Magic Array Design could not be learned in such a way. Players could only mimic the procedures recorded. Moreover, the design was a Consumable item.

Once players completed all procedures and managed to manufacture the Teleportation Magic Array, it would not be functional yet. The actual design was needed to activate the teleportation array because the design itself contained special magic. This special magic was required to fix the teleportation coordinates to the array in question. The Teleportation Magic Array Design could be used to fix transfer coordinates up to ten times. The design did not allow players to learn and produce an unlimited number of Teleportation Magic Arrays.

—

Inside the Guild’s lounge…

Shi Feng retrieved a Magic Scroll. However, unlike ordinary Magic Scrolls, which were only the size of a book, this Magic Scroll was as large as he was.

Shi Feng had spent 300 Gold to obtain this Magic Scroll.

Its function was to bind coordinates. It allowed Guild members to use Transfer Scrolls to teleport to the Guild Residence they were bound to.

Previously, as Zero Wing’s Guild Residence occupied White River City, even without using a Transfer Scroll, Zero Wing’s members could just use a Return Scroll to return to White River City. Hence, this Magic Scroll would have only been a waste of money.

However, things were different now.

Now that Zero Wing had a Residence in Stone Forest Town, even if the town did not possess a teleportation array, Guild members could simply purchase a Transfer Scroll from the Guild Hall and teleport to Stone Forest Town.