Chapter 662

Chapter 662 – Guild Town

Ever since players had started paying attention to the Guard System, the Adventurer’s Association had seen increased traffic with every passing day.

Many players who were not proficient in battles had focused their attention on NPC guards. Many were also taking advantage of this growing popularity to make a fortune for themselves.

At this point, physical class Bronze Guards sold for 120 Gold. The selling price for a magical class Bronze Guard, on the other hand, was over 300 Gold. Meanwhile, physical class Mysterious-Iron Guards sold for 600 Gold, not to mention magical class Mysterious-Iron Guards.

As long as one managed to obtain a physical class Mysterious-Iron Guard, a player could easily get rich overnight if they sold said guard. Hence, more and more players came to the Adventurer’s Association to test their foresight and luck. As a result, the Adventurer’s Association was packed every day with players, who would chat idly while waiting for their turn—and the Adventurer’s Association had become the number one source of information in every city.

Many independent players would come to the Adventurer’s Association to either exchange or collect information regarding God’s Domain.

Before Shi Feng even entered the building, he had already heard plenty of people discussing the Stoneclaw Mountains.

“A Regional Dungeon appeared over at Star-Moon City. I heard that even the small mobs there drop Magic Crystals.”

“It can’t be true, right? Shouldn’t it just have a slightly higher drop rate compared to Team Dungeons?”

“Hahaha! This is something else that I heard from a friend of mine over at Star-Moon City. Because of the Stoneclaw Mountains, every Guild in Star-Moon City is in chaos. The Guilds even waged war a few hours ago. In the end, the various large Guilds suffered tremendous losses. For now, the Stoneclaw Mountains remain unclaimed. Currently, as long as you are Level 30, even an independent player can enter the Dungeon freely. It’s a pity that my level is still too low. Otherwise, I would have been grinding for Magic Crystals there already.”

“I’ve also found out about this matter from one of my friends who’s in a Guild. According to him, you can obtain one or two Magic Crystals just by grinding inside the Stoneclaw Mountains for an hour. The efficiency there is higher than even in a 20-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon. Currently, Guilds in the various cities across the kingdom are organizing teams to set out for the Stoneclaw Mountains.”

“All of you have outdated information. There aren’t just Magic Crystals inside the Stoneclaw Mountains. The monsters inside also drop plenty of Level 30 or above top-tier equipment. The potential income there is much higher than even from large-scale Team Dungeons. Not to mention the cities in Star-Moon Kingdom, many players from the surrounding kingdoms and Black Dragon Empire are also heading towards the Stoneclaw Mountains.”

The rumors immediately tempted the many players inside the Association who heard about the Stoneclaw Mountains. Unfortunately, none of them had reached Level 30 yet. Otherwise, they, too, could get a share of the pie.

They’ve released news about it already? Shi Feng smirked faintly. Unfortunately, doing so is useless.

With Stone Forest Town under his control, the Stoneclaw Mountains were practically in his hands already. There were bound to be unreconciled Guilds that would try to stir up some trouble.

However, these Guilds did not truly know what Stone Forest Town’s becoming a Guild Town signified.

Upon Shi Feng’s entry into the Adventurer’s Association’s reception hall, Aqua Rose, who had long since been waiting for him, immediately walked up to him. Smiling sweetly, she said, “Guild Leader, we’ve struck gold this time!”

Shi Feng simply laughed in response, not bothering to probe deeper into Aqua Rose’s words as he led the woman up to the second floor.

The hall on the first floor catered to individual players, while the one on the second floor specialized in managing Guild affairs.

“Guild Leader, are you not curious about what we found inside the treasury?” Aqua Rose pouted slightly. Originally, she had wanted to tease Shi Feng a little bit with the answer. She had not expected Shi Feng to be completely uninterested.

The harvest they gained from Stone Forest Town this time was more bountiful than the one from Creek Town.

Just the amount of Coins they obtained exceeded 3,000 Gold. There were also more than 400 Tier 1 Magic Scrolls, over 100 Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, over 2,000 Magic Crystals, over 1,000 Tier 1 Gemstones, and over 300 Tier 2 Gemstones. In addition, they had found a large number of rare materials as well as many Level 50 Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Equipment.

Normally, such a harvest would require a very long time for Zero Wing to amass. However, they had managed to get it from just a single town battle. If the other Guilds knew, the various Guild Leaders would most likely die from anger, yet Shi Feng remained utterly indifferent to it.

“Have you brought the money?” Shi Feng turned around and asked Aqua Rose.

“I’ve retrieved the money from the Guild and the Candlelight Trading Firm.” Aqua Rose nodded, then handed all the Coins to Shi Feng.

Before she had come to the Adventurer’s Association, Shi Feng had tasked her with making a trip to the Candlelight Trading Firm to collect all the funds the Trading Firm had earned recently. She had also retrieved Zero Wing’s income from Guild Quests.

When Aqua Rose was collecting the money, despite having been an Honorary Elder of Twilight Echo, a long-established first-rate Guild, even she received a fright.

She had never imagined that Zero Wing actually possessed that much money.

There was a total of 13,000 Gold!

Not to mention one first-rate Guild, even three or four first-rate Guilds combined would not possess that much liquid funds.

“Including what I have here, it should be enough.”

Shi Feng accepted the money and quickly arrived before a counter.

“Greetings, Lord Count. How may I be of service to you today?” the blonde NPC beauty asked with a smile.

“I wish to construct a Guild Town. Here is the Town Token,” Shi Feng said, placing the Town Token on the countertop.

“A moment, please.” After the NPC clerk accepted the Town Token, she began manipulating the crystal ball on the counter. “This is the Town Token for Stone Forest Town. Stone Forest Town is situated within the Star-Moon City region. If you wish to construct a Guild Town, you will have to pay a registration fee of 6,000 Gold as well as a basic construction fee of 5,000 Gold. In the future, you will also have to pay a monthly management fee of 5,000 Gold. Does my lord wish to hire any guards?”

“Yes.” Shi Feng nodded.

“Okay. The offers we have here are as follows: ten Level 150 Common Guards for ten Gold per three days, ten Level 150 Elite Guards for 50 gold per three days, ten Level 150 Tier 1 Guards for 100 Gold per three days, and ten Level 150 Tier 2 Guards for 300 Gold per three days. May I know how many guards my lord wishes to employ?” the NPC clerk reported.

Meanwhile, standing beside Shi Feng, Aqua Rose was shocked when she heard these prices. She never imagined that hiring guards would be so costly.

However, what Aqua Rose did not know was that their Guild could get these guards only because they had just established the town. Once 15 days passed, they would no longer receive such a treatment.

“I’ll hire 300 Common Guards, 40 Elite Guards, and ten Tier 1 Guards for 15 days,” Shi Feng replied after making a rough estimate based on the size of Stone Forest Town. Normally, a town of such a size required around 500 NPCs. However, he lacked funds at the moment; thus he could hire only this many.

“Okay. The total is 15,000 Gold. However, as my lord is a Count of the city, you receive a 10% discount, lowering the total to 13,500 Gold,” the NPC clerk said, smiling.

In contrast to the sincere smile on the female NPC’s face, Aqua Rose had an extraordinarily gloomy expression on her face right now.

If Shi Feng were not a Count of White River City, entitling him to a 10% discount, the money she brought definitely would not have been sufficient.

However, Shi Feng paid the 13,500 Gold without hesitation.

After all, he knew full well that, compared to the money he just spent, he would earn even more money from Stone Forest Town in the future.

The wealth a Guild Town could bring was originally quite daunting already, not to mention Stone Forest Town with its close proximity to the Stoneclaw Mountains.