Chapter 667

Chapter 667 – Twelve Sacred Knights

Inside the Frost Prison:

The Final Boss, the Frost Giant, roared, causing the entire frost cavern to shake. In the next moment, countless icicles on the ceiling of the cave abruptly broke off and fell. The one hundred Level 30 players in the cave desperately dodged the descending icicles. If struck by these icicles, even an MT who had activated a Lifesaving Skill would not be able to survive a single hit, much less any other classes.

“Everyone, pay attention to dodging, but don’t waste too much Stamina either. The Boss only has 30% HP remaining,” War Wolf hurriedly reminded his team after throwing himself to the floor to avoid the Frost Giant’s steel hammer.

At the moment War Wolf’s maximum HP was already more than 9,000. He was only behind Cola, who was equipped with a complete Tier 1 Set Equipment, by over 1,000 HP. He could definitely be considered one of the highest HP MTs in the game.

Compared to the Frost Giant, which was the size of a small hill, War Wolf’s HP was like a mere speck of dust.

[Frost Giant] (Elemental Being, Great Lord)

Level 32

HP 45,000,000/45,000,000

As the ruler of the Frost Prison, a 100-man Team Dungeon, the Frost Giant was considerably more powerful than any Boss they had faced previously. Not only did it possess extremely high HP, but its massive five-story tall body could cause great destruction with every action. Even War Wolf would receive nearly -4,000 damage when he blocked one of the Frost Giant’s attacks with his shield. If he received a direct hit, his base damage would certainly exceed -6,000 points. In addition, the Great Lord also possessed a Frost Domain.

The Frost Domain had a coverage area of 200 yards. Not only would everyone within the Domain’s Movement and Attack Speed reduce by 40%, but the Domain would also increase their Stamina consumption rate by several times.

It was common knowledge that, in God’s Domain, every movement a player made consumed Stamina. However, as Stamina was a Hidden Attribute, players were unable to check for their own Stamina. Once they consumed their Stamina to a certain degree, players would no longer be able to fight. They could only resume combat after resting for a time.

In ordinary battles, players would not be able to exhaust their Stamina completely even after three to four hours of continuous fighting. However, when a player’s movements increased in intensity, their Stamina consumption rate would also increase correspondingly. Meanwhile, the battles conducted in a large-scale Team Dungeon would be undeniably intense. Inside a large-scale Team Dungeon, even the slightest mistake could lead to a team-wipe. Therefore, the burden placed on a player’s Stamina was incredibly significant.

Under the effects of the Frost Domain, players would only be able to fight for a short time before they collapsed from exhaustion.

In such an extreme battle, ordinary players would only last five or six minutes. Even elite players would last just two or three minutes longer. Only players who possessed powerful control over their own bodies could minimize their Stamina consumption to the very minimum and last more than 12 minutes in the battle against the Frost Giant. However, very few players were capable of achieving such a high degree of control.

After being struck by another wave of icicles, several more players fell flat on the floor from over-exhaustion. They were unable to attack the Boss, even if they wanted to.

“How many people are still able to fight?” War Wolf asked through the team chat as he lifted his large shield to intercept the Frost Giant.

“Boss Wolf, we just lost another four more melees, and one ranged; we only have 76 people left,” an Oracle standing at the rear line replied.

“Seventy-six?” War Wolf looked at the Frost Giant’s HP. Currently, the Great Lord still had 27% of its HP remaining, which was roughly 12,150,000 HP. With their current damage output, they would have to continue attacking the Boss for another three minutes or so to end the battle. However, after experiencing so many battles against this Boss, War Wolf knew very clearly that the further they proceeded into the battle, the more players would become over-exhausted. It was simply impossible to finish the battle in three minutes. “Is it still impossible?”

The Frost Giant did not have many powerful Skills. As long as one familiarized themselves with the Great Lord’s Skills, they could mostly evade the powerful moves of the Boss. However, instead of dying to one of the Boss’s Skills, the team had died from over-exhaustion. If this matter were made known to others, they would certainly become a laughingstock.

Five minutes later, a group of people appeared at the resurrection point of the Frost Prison. This group of people was none other than the members of Overwhelming Smile.

“Boss, the Frost Giant’s combat technique requirement is simply too high. If we want to clear the Dungeon, we’ll need to have Underworld send more experts to us. It’s no solution to continue losing EXP here,” Soaring Snake, clad in black armor, suggested.

“Although Underworld is paying great attention to White River City, its main focus is still on the Frostwolf Kingdom and the Snowstorm Kingdom. The organization won’t be willing to dispatch many experts to us. Besides, we can now bring the Final Boss down to less than 10% HP. As long as we have over a dozen people still alive near the end, we can clear the Dungeon.” War Wolf shook his head, denying Soaring Snake’s suggestion. He then said, “It’s a pity Youlan is too busy with managing the trading firm and Guild over at Maple City. With her skills and wisdom, we might have already cleared the Dungeon by now.”

Hearing War Wolf say so, everyone could not help but nod their heads in agreement.

When one spoke about the experts of Overwhelming Smile, the strongest expert was definitely War Wolf. However, nobody could ever guess that the second strongest expert in the Guild was actually Youlan. Youlan’s harmless appearance must not fool one. When it came to an actual fight, even the prideful and talented Soaring Snake was not a match for her, so much so that Soaring Snake could not even shave off one-third of Youlan’s HP before being defeated.

The fight between Youlan and Soaring Snake had stupefied everyone.

Originally, Soaring Snake was considered one of the top few experts of Ouroboros. After receiving War Wolf’s knowledge of numerous combat techniques, Soaring Snake’s strength had soared by leaps and bounds. Yet, he was still not a match for Youlan…

“Let’s head back,” War Wolf said through the team chat. He no longer wished to waste any more time here.

Just as the members of Overwhelming Smile were about to leave, the sound of a system announcement entered everyone’s ears.

White River City Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Heaven’s Burial for becoming the first team to conquer the Hard Mode of Frost Prison. All players on the team will be rewarded with 4,000,000 EXP, 70 Silver, 100 White River City Reputation Points, and 40 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points.

Star-Moon Kingdom Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Heaven’s Burial for becoming the first team to conquer the Hard Mode of Frost Prison. All players on the team will be rewarded with 5,000,000 EXP, 5 Tier 2 Gemstones of random Attributes, 100 White River City Reputation Points, and 50 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points.

God’s Domain Southern Continent System Announcement: Congratulations to Heaven’s Burial for becoming the first team to conquer the Hard Mode of Frost Prison. All players on the team will be rewarded with 6,000,000 EXP, 1 Tier 3 Gemstone of random Attributes, 100 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points, and 10 Humanity Reputation Points.

…

The announcement repeated three times. The teams raiding the Frost Prison were instantly stupefied.

Nobody would have thought that the first Guild to clear a 100-man Team Dungeon in Star-Moon Kingdom would be the newly-established Heaven’s Burial.

“Heaven’s Burial?”

War Wolf’s expression turned grim, a hint of confusion flashing across his eyes. Although there were many experts in Heaven’s Burial, they should be about equal in strength to Overwhelming Smile. Yet, Heaven’s Burial had actually managed to raid the Hard Mode Frost Prison so quickly. No matter how he thought about it, there was something fishy.

A short moment later, a group of players appeared at the Frost Prison teleportation gate. These people all wore the Emblem of Heaven’s Burial on their chests, and they were uniformly Level 30. Meanwhile, the leader of the team, the Cleric, Flame Blood, looked at War Wolf and smiled.

Beside Flame Blood, there were also many faces that War Wolf had never seen before. Meanwhile, every one of these new arrivals emitted sharp and frightening auras that were stronger than even War Wolf’s.

“Team Leader Wolf, it seems that Heaven’s Burial has managed to come out slightly on top this time,” Flame Blood said as he walked up to greet War Wolf.

“I’ve always thought that Zero Wing was our greatest opponent. I never thought that Heaven’s Burial had hidden its strength so deeply. However, although Overwhelming Smile has lost this time, the results will not necessarily be the same the next time,” War Wolf replied, smiling. He could not help but take a look at the few people standing beside Flame Blood. This time, he was fully convinced of his loss because even he could not see through the strength of the Guardian Knight beside Flame Blood. The man gave off a feeling similar to a mountain. Despite having used an Advanced Identification Skill on the Guardian Knight, all War Wolf managed to see was the fact that the Guardian Knight had over 10,000 HP, nearly 1,000 more than he did. The Guardian Knight’s strength was definitely above his own.

With such a powerful MT, in addition to top-tier experts like Flame Blood, Ghost Shadow, and several other experts who were a match for the Guardian Knight expert, it was very reasonable for Heaven’s Burial to clear the Hard Mode Frost Prison.

In the middle of the two’s conversation, Shi Feng had arrived before the Dungeon together with his team. The expressions on each of their faces at the moment were very ugly. None of them would have thought that Heaven’s Burial would obtain the First Clear of the Frost Prison.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, it is truly a pity. If you had come here a little earlier, the First Clear of this Dungeon might’ve belonged to Zero Wing instead,” Flame Blood laughed elegantly. The achievement of obtaining the First Clear of a 100-man Team Dungeon this time would lift Heaven’s Burial’s reputation to a whole new level. Although it still could not become White River City’s number one Guild, at the very least, everyone would no longer think that Heaven’s Burial was inferior to Zero Wing. In terms of Dungeon raiding capabilities, others might even think that Heaven’s Burial was slightly superior.

Shi Feng did not make a response regarding Heaven’s Burial’s unexpected performance. Sweeping his gaze across the members of Heaven’s Burial, his attention immediately fell onto a single person.

Why is one of the Twelve Sacred Knights here?

Shi Feng was inwardly stunned when he saw the Guardian Knight standing beside Flame Blood.