Chapter 660

Chapter 660 – Awakened

The Obelisk functioned as a seal.

Meanwhile, crushing the crystal ball on top of the Obelisk was equivalent to undoing the seal.

Sealed inside the Obelisk was something horrifying. Players only discovered later on that the thing sealed inside the Obelisk was an Awakened. It was akin to Mutants among monsters. However, while a Mutant was a mutation of a monster, an Awakened was a mutation of an NPC. The probability of an Awakened appearing was extremely low; even Shi Feng had never personally witnessed an Awakened during his decade of experience playing God’s Domain. He had only heard bits of information about them.

What followed the emergence of every Awakened was a disaster. After the Star Alliance had accidentally triggered one such disaster in the past, more than 100,000 of its elites had crossed the River Styx. Even Galaxy Past had failed to escape back then.

Compared to Mutants, an Awakened was much more frightening. Unlike Mutants, an Awakened was born with extremely high intelligence. It was the enemy of all living creatures. In addition, an Awakened could rival even a Fallen Angel, a Higher Being, of the same Tier, so it was ridiculously powerful.

The person sealed inside the Obelisk was originally a Tier 5 Divine Mage. As the person was also an Awakened, his strength was the equal of a Fallen Angel’s of the same Tier—only Tier 6 Gods could suppress him.

Fortunately, with the Awakened’s body already obliterated and just its soul remaining in existence, it could only possess the body of another NPC, even after the removal of the seal. Meanwhile, at this moment, the Awakened had taken over Sareya’s body and devoured the old man’s soul, becoming the new owner of the body.

After the possession, Sareya’s strength underwent a heaven-defying change. He was no longer an existence that the old Sareya could compare to.

“Are we really going to take action now?”

Aqua Rose’s eyes widened as she stared at Sareya, who was hovering in midair in the distance. Unconsciously, she had started holding her breath.

At this moment, Sareya was no longer a Level 60 Tier 2 NPC but already a true monster. Just looking at Sareya from a distance, Aqua Rose instinctively felt the need to run as far away as possible from him.

[Sareya] (Awakened, Great Mage)

Level 50

HP 30,000,000/30,000,000

Not only had Sareya’s body suddenly undergone a massive transformation, but even his statistics had also experienced an earth-shaking change. Although the NPC’s Level had fallen quite a bit, his HP had recovered back to full status. His class had even risen from a Tier 2 Professional Mage to a Tier 3 Great Mage, his strength increasing disproportionately.

A Tier 3 NPC was equivalent to a Great Lord of the same level. On the other hand, a Tier 3 Awakened NPC possessed a strength that could rival even a Tier 4 NPC of the same level. A Tier 4 NPC was not an existence that current players could challenge at all.

At this moment, the members of the various large Guilds, who had been frantically attacking Sareya before, were similarly stunned.

After his transformation was complete, Sareya flexed his body tentatively. A moment later, the surrounding air began trembling. Immediately after, Sareya pointed a finger towards the sky. Suddenly, countless lightning bolts flashed down and gathered around Sareya’s fingertip, forming a two-story-tall ball of lightning.

“Prepare to dodge! With so many people remaining, even a Tier 3 Great Mage is no match for us!” a commanding Level 29 Elementalist shouted.

However, as soon as the Elementalist finished speaking, Sareya pointed his finger towards this Elementalist. The massive ball of lightning promptly transformed into a rushing river that poured down onto the Elementalist, devouring the Elementalist and all the players around him.

Under the effects of the Tier 3 Spell Lightning Stream, no players within an area of 15*100 yards survived.

In the blink of an eye, several hundred people died.

However, Sareya was still not satisfied. He then proceeded to use multiple Tier 3 Spells in quick succession. Whether it was the players or NPCs inside Stone Forest Town, Sareya did not let a single person off the hook. In the Awakened NPC’s hands, Tier 3 Spells were like simple toys. He could forgo chanting incantations, immediately casting his Spells, not giving his targets any time to dodge at all.

After just a short moment, despite everyone standing sparsely apart from each other, Sareya still managed to kill nearly 6,000 players. Meanwhile, the attacking players discovered that far from damaging the Awakened NPC, their onslaught couldn’t even penetrate Sareya’s Magical Shield at all.

Suddenly, the players inside Stone Forest Town fell silent; no longer did they possess the enthusiasm from before.

“Run!”

“Everyone, retreat from this place quickly!”

Many Guilds finally realized that they were nothing against the Tier 3 Great Mage at all and that the only thing they could do was run for their lives. Otherwise, none of them would leave this place alive.

“Guild Leader, that monster is too scary. Look, the other Guilds are all retreating. If we charge ahead right now, only death awaits us.” Aqua Rose was deeply pessimistic about defeating such a powerful NPC. They would only suffer like the other Guilds had if they tried fighting that monstrous existence.

“Who says we need to defeat him? We just need to seal him again,” Shi Feng laughed.

In the past, when the seal on the Obelisk was undone, the Awakened had gone on a rampage, throwing the players within the Star-Moon City region into a panic. Moreover, as time passed, the Awakened had continuously risen in both Levels and Tiers. Even a coalition of the various Guilds residing in Star-Moon City had been utterly helpless against the Awakened.

In the end, however, this incident was still solved.

Back then, a player had discovered inside the Obelisk the method to reseal the Awakened—utilizing an immense amount of Magic Crystals to repair the sealing crystal ball. Otherwise, with the strength of the players back then, it would have been absolutely impossible to stop the roaming Awakened. Should they encounter him, the only fate that awaited them was death.

Meanwhile, now that Sareya was busy butchering the members of the various large Guilds, it was the perfect opportunity to reseal the Awakened NPC.

Shi Feng spent about ten minutes running back to Stone Forest Town. During this period, Sareya slaughtered over 100,000 players. At this moment, less than 50,000 players of the original 150,000-plus remained. When the various Guild Leaders learned of this death toll, they nearly vomited blood and passed out.

Meanwhile, the Guild that suffered the greatest loss was the Star Alliance. From their initial 70,000 elite members, less than 20,000 remained. Moreover, this number continued to decrease.

“Hahaha! With this, the Star Alliance is finished! After losing so many elite members, they will take a long time recovering from this loss!” Zhao Yueru giggled as she pressed her hand to her chest.

Although Ouroboros had suffered severe casualties in this war as well—having less than 30,000 elite members surviving out of the original 50,000—those were inconsequential compared to the losses of the other Guilds. With this, Ouroboros would become the number one Guild of Star-Moon City.

“Is this Black Flame’s true plan?” This moment drove home to Gentle Snow how fearsome Shi Feng was.

Just a single Stone Forest Town had plunged so many elite members of the various large Guilds to their deaths. If not for them working together with Zero Wing, Ouroboros would most likely have been one of those Guilds right now.

While Sareya was hunting the members of the various Guilds, Shi Feng took the opportunity to dash towards the Obelisk.

Arriving at the top of the Obelisk, Shi Feng immediately retrieved 10,000 Magic Crystals from his bag and placed them atop the altar on which the crystal ball had originally sat.

To any Guild, 10,000 Magic Crystals was a massive sum. Fortunately, Shi Feng had tasked Melancholic Smile to purchase them in bulk before the appearance of the Divine Colosseum. If not for capturing Stone Forest Town, Shi Feng would not have readily parted with 10,000 Magic Crystals.

In the next moment, the 10,000 Magic Crystals transformed into droplets of transparent liquid that quickly agglomerated into a sealing crystal ball.

“Despicable human!”

Sareya panicked when he noticed the reformation of the crystal ball that had kept him sealed all this time. Using Instantaneous Movement, he flashed towards Shi Feng.

“You best return to where you came from,” Shi Feng muttered in a low tone as he looked at the rapidly approaching Sareya. He then pressed his hand on the sealing crystal ball, muttering, “Fivefold Seal, activate!”

All at once, a fivefold magic array appeared above Stone Forest Town once more, illuminating the area around the town.

“No!”

Sareya shouted defiantly as he attempted to use Tier 3 Spells to attack the sealing crystal ball. Unfortunately for him, under the suppression of the fivefold magic array, he failed to cast even a single Spell. In the next moment, golden chains descended from the magic array and wrapped around Sareya’s body.

Shi Feng had seen these golden chains before.

Chains of Order. Even Gods were helpless against them, what more of Sareya?

These chains then dragged Sareya above the Obelisk. Suddenly, a blue chain emerged from the tip of the Obelisk and pierced through his body. In the next moment, Sareya released an agonized scream as the blue chain dragged a half-transparent soul out of his body and into the sealing crystal ball.

Meanwhile, Sareya’s body, which had long since lost its original soul, died with the sealing of the Awakened’s soul. A pile of loot also showered the ground along with the NPC’s death.