Chapter 668

Chapter 668 – Challenge

Other than those extraordinarily rare, God-ranked experts, there had been countless experts in God’s Domain. There had even been many Tier 5 experts.

In the past, the top twelve Tier 5 players of every class had been known as the Twelve Sacred Experts. Tier 5 experts were considered treasures to any Guild. They were geniuses that could not be ignored. Any Guild that managed to nurture a Tier 5 expert would celebrate for days.

Meanwhile, the Twelve Sacred Experts were a group of players standing at the very peak of Tier 5 classes. They had been geniuses among geniuses.

Right now, the Guardian Knight standing beside Flame Blood had been one of the famous Twelve Sacred Knights, Lightning Blade. Not only was his bladework astonishingly fast, but he was also famous for having an impenetrable defense. In the past, even the Twelve Sacred Assassins had been unable to break through his defense. Lightning Blade had ranked eighth among the Twelve Sacred Knights. However, the most frightening aspect about him was the fact that he had been an independent player.

Had Lightning Blade joined a first-rate Guild early on in the past, he might have had the chance to join the Tier 6 God-ranked players.

Shi Feng never imagined that Heaven’s Burial could actually rope in such a peerless expert. He was slightly surprised.

There was no doubting the importance of an MT to a team.

Heaven’s Burial had already recruited many experts of the virtual gaming world. Now, they had even managed to recruit such a powerful MT. Lightning Blade’s entry into the Guild instantly elevated the strength of Heaven’s Burial’s main force by several levels.

“You’re the famous One-hit Asura, Black Flame?” Lightning Blade shifted his gaze to Shi Feng. Grinning, he said, “I heard that you were Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one expert. I have always enjoyed challenging experts. Why don’t we have a duel? I want to see whether the rumored One-hit Asura is actually as godly as they say, being able to send anyone to the afterlife with just one hit. Or maybe everything was just a big lie.”

The moment Lightning Blade finished his words, the surrounding temperature dropped by several degrees. At this moment, every member of Zero Wing radiated an intense killing intent.

Shi Feng was their Guild Leader. How dare anyone just walk up to him and issue a challenge, not to mention doing so with such a disrespectful tone? This was an insult to Zero Wing itself.

However, as the leader of Heaven’s Burial’s team, rather than stopping Lightning Blade, Flame Blood simply stood by a side, smiling.

Although it was not wise to provoke Zero Wing, Heaven’s Burial’s momentum was in full swing. It was also a good thing to have Lightning Blade test the depths of Shi Feng’s strength. Not only would this improve the Guild’s reputation, but it would also serve as a foundation to deal with Shi Feng in the future. Moreover, in the event that Lightning Blade managed to defeat Shi Feng, Heaven’s Burial’s fame would soar.

Standing by the side, War Wolf played the role of an observer in this fight.

If Shi Feng refusedLightning Blade’s challenge, Heaven’s Burial would definitely spread the news of this matter, claiming that Shi Feng was afraid to accept the challenge. Shi Feng’s position as the number one expert of Star-Moon Kingdom would definitely be at risk. However, if he accepted the challenge, he would also risk revealing his strength to his enemies. If this happened, he would not have as many hidden advantages in future battles.

Violet Cloud suddenly stepped forward and said, “Don’t you think it’s a little too early for you to challenge our Guild Leader? However, I’ll be your opponent.”

“You? A Cleric?” Lightning Blade glanced at the young and slender Violet Cloud. With disdain, he said, “I have no interest in unripened little girls like you. Black Flame, you can’t possibly send a little girl into battle just because you’re afraid of facing me, right?”

“Little girl?” Violet Cloud remained unperturbed by the Guardian Knight’s insult. Smiling calmly, she said, “If you can’t even defeat a little girl like me, what qualifications do you have to face our Guild Leader?”

“Then, are you saying that, as long as I beat you, your Guild Leader will fight me?” Lightning Blade countered with a question of his own.

“I guarantee it.” Shi Feng nodded.

“Okay, I look forward to experiencing Guild Leader Black Flame’s brilliant moves,” Lightning Blade laughed. He then shifted his gaze towards Violet Cloud.

Following which, both teams distanced themselves from each other, creating a space for the fighters.

“Lightning, be careful of that girl. She’s not as simple as she looks. She’s an expert who has reached the later stage of the seventh floor. She should be just as strong, if not stronger, than Ghost Shadow,” Flame Blood warned the MT.

Lightning Blade was an expert that Heaven’s Burial had spared no expense to recruit.

The Guardian Knight’s strength spoke for itself. Even Ghost Shadow had failed to damage him as Lightning Blade had blocked every one of the Assassin’s attacks. With his exceedingly high HP and lightning-quick attacks, Lightning Blade eventually wore Ghost Shadow down, claiming his life. One could say that Lightning Blade had a massive advantage in PvP battles.

Against a low damage Cleric, it would be child’s play for Lightning Blade to secure a victory. However, a little caution never hurt anybody.

“Relax. I’ve known about this for a while. I’m just trying to agitate Black Flame so that he will agree to a Duel.” Lightning Blade no longer had a prideful and arrogant air around himself. On the contrary, he remained calm and attached great importance to this Duel.

Meanwhile, on the other side, Shi Feng secretly passed a bottle of Hundred Berry Wine to Violet Cloud, saying softly, “Drink this before you fight him. Do not let him within ten yards of you.”

Though Shi Feng was unsure of Lightning Blade’s current strength, he did know one of his weaknesses. While knowing this weakness would do little good to ordinary experts, to Violet Cloud, however, it would help her tremendously in the upcoming battle.

“Guild Leader, is Lightning Blade so strong that Violet Cloud needs to drink Hundred Berry Wine?” Fire Dance was confused by Shi Feng’s actions.

In Zero Wing, when speaking about combat techniques, Violet Cloud was even superior to her. Meanwhile, in terms of strength, she was only slightly superior to Violet Cloud due to the advantage of her class and weapons.

They both wore the best available equipment in all of God’s Domain. With their current standards, there were very few people who could defeat them in Star-Moon Kingdom. Even against an expert like War Wolf, Fire Dance was confident that both she and Violet Cloud had more than a 60% chance of defeating him.

“If we’re going to win, we have to win brilliantly,” Shi Feng laughed. He did not think that the current Violet Cloud was inferior to Lightning Blade. The girl was even an Astromancer, a hidden class.

Upon hearing Shi Feng’s words, everyone could not help but roll their eyes at their Guild Leader.

This was simply extravagant! Normally, they had to fight tooth for nail against each other to obtain a single bottle, exhausting themselves.

Yet, now, Shi Feng let a bottle go to waste just for a flashy win. If they had known something like this would happen, they would have volunteered.

That was the Hundred Berry Wine!

Drinking just one bottle could allow one to become a top-tier expert. Two bottles could push one to the apex of Star-Moon Kingdom.

Without hesitation, Violet Cloud emptied the bottle of Hundred Berry Wine, a faint blush appearing on her white, delicate cheeks. Tasting her lips, it was obvious she still could not get enough of the beverage. She was adorable.

The members of Heaven’s Burial were surprised when they saw Zero Wing’s members watch Violet Cloud enviously.

What was going on with Zero Wing’s members?

Was participating in the Duel really something to be jealous of?

“This will be interesting. That young lady easily toyed with Nimble Snake in the past.” War Wolf wore a playful smile. He then shifted his gaze to Lightning Blade, a cunning spark flashing in his eyes. “This is a good chance to see just how powerful that Guardian Knight is. I actually feel a significant pressure from him.”

Standing by a side, Nimble Snake nodded in agreement with War Wolf’s words. Violet Cloud’s combat techniques were indeed very powerful. She had actually reached the seventh floor of the Trial Tower. However, actual combat and challenging the Trial Tower were two entirely different things. Previously, he had lost to Violet Cloud due to the latter having the advantage in Tiers. Otherwise, the outcome would not have necessarily ended in Violet Cloud’s favor. His strength had improved significantly since then. If they faced each other again, he would definitely win against Violet Cloud.

Once both combatants were ready, Lightning Blade and Violet Cloud initiated the Duel.

System Countdown: 5 seconds.

System Countdown: 4 seconds.

…

System: Duel, start!