Chapter 669

Chapter 669 – Divine Exemption

When the Duel began, everyone’s attention promptly shifted towards the two fighters.

One was a Guardian Knight, while the other was a Cleric.

Neither was a high-damage class. In this matchup, however, Lightning Blade held the advantage due to the Guardian Knight’s a Magic Resistance Aura and several Interrupt Skills. To Violet Cloud, a fragile and healing-oriented class, this Duel was somewhat disadvantageous for her.

In terms of HP, Violet Cloud had over 7,000, far above the average for magical classes. However, compared to an MT like Lightning Blade, who had over 10,000 HP, it would not save her.

“Fall!”

Lightning Blade immediately charged at Violet Cloud. Tightening his grip on the massive shield in his left hand, he executed Shield Bash. As his entire person crashed into Violet Cloud, Lightning Blade’s right arm began to swing, his saber slicing the air as it transformed into a streak of light that flew towards Violet Cloud’s delicate neck. The entire process was flawless and happened in the blink of an eye. He had not given Violet Cloud any chance to cast her Skills.

“Such a proficient two-stage attack,” War Wolf could not help but praise the MT as he watched Lightning Blade’s performance.

Ordinary players would find it difficult just to evade the oncoming shield. Moreover, as the shield came at them, players would instinctively focus on the shield, thereby ignoring Lightning Blade’s closely-following saber.

Against such a two-stage attack, even an expert at their peak would be distracted by the shield momentarily and miss the opportunity to deal with Lightning Blade’s saber. It was very easy for one to fall prey to Lightning Blade’s attack.

Violet Cloud hurriedly sidestepped, evading the Guardian Knight’s Shield Bash with the least amount of movement. At the same time, she instinctively activated Truth Shield, an Instant-cast Skill.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Three consecutive slashes struck the same spot on the golden shield, and the shield began to show signs of shattering. Reacting, Lightning Blade sent a Hammer of Sanctions descending on Violet Cloud’s head.

Moving her feet, Violet Cloud gracefully evaded the Guardian Knight’s Hammer of Sanctions.

“Your reaction speed is impressive; I’ll give you that. Unfortunately, although you might be able to avoid my Hammer of Sanctions, you won’t avoid this move,” Lightning Blade sneered. Immediately, he executed Cross Slash, the attack colliding with the golden shield protecting Violet Cloud.

Boom!

Unable to bear the weight of the attack, the golden shield shattered. In addition, Violet Cloud received over -400 damage. If not for the Truth Shield absorbing a large portion of the damage, she would have lost a lot more HP.

After shattering the Cleric’s Truth Shield, Lightning Blade followed up with several more slashes that were aimed at Violet Cloud’s vital points.

Responding quickly, Violet Cloud immediately activated Terrorizing Roar, causing all enemies within range to lose control of their characters.

With a calm expression, Lightning Blade let out a low shout. In the next moment, his body released a golden brilliance.

Tier 1 Skill, Divine Exemption!

For the next seven seconds, he became immune to all Control Skills.

Violet Cloud’s Terrorizing Roar was rendered completely useless. After effortlessly diffusing the Skill, Lightning Blade’s saber continued to fall towards Violet Cloud without losing any momentum.

Violet Cloud was caught off guard. Although she tried to block with her staff, the Guardian Knight’s attacks were simply too fast. In the end, she received a few hits.

Instantly, Violet Cloud was sent flying, her HP rapidly decreasing. Every attack had devoured over 500 HP. After three consecutive strikes, Violet Cloud had lost over 1,500 HP. Now, she had less than 5,000 HP remaining.

While Divine Exemption was still in effect, Lightning Blade continued to pursue his enemy ruthlessly. Easily dodging Violet Cloud’s Sacred Sanctions, he swiftly appeared before the Cleric once again.

Divine Storm!

Consecutive Holy Slash!

Although Violet Cloud constantly tried to put more distance between herself and Lightning Blade, Guardian Knights possessed Skills that could enhance their Movement Speed. Hence, Violet Cloud could only desperately try to defend against the oncoming attacks, her HP rapidly decreasing in the process. Even though she had activated Instant Recovery to heal herself, the healing she received could not keep up with the damage Lightning Blade dished out. After a short moment, Violet Cloud’s HP fell below 3,000.

If any other healer class fought Lightning Blade right now, the Duel would have long since ended.

“Lightning Blade’s attacks are becoming faster and fiercer. He’s not giving that Cleric any chances to catch her breath. Although the Cleric class does have a few Control Skills, none of them are effective against Lightning Blade.” Smiling faintly, Flame Blood said, “However, Violet Cloud really is strong. Even though a Cleric is not a combat class, she has still survived against Lightning Blade until now. With her skills, it’s no wonder she set foot on the seventh floor.”

Standing by the side, Ghost Shadow nodded in agreement with Flame Blood’s words.

At the end of the day, a Cleric was not a PvP class. If Fire Dance were the one fighting in this match, Zero Wing might have had a chance of emerging victorious.

“You’re quite good. However, I won’t give you any more chances to heal.”

Grunting, Lightning Blade’s body suddenly expanded slightly as he used the Berserk Skill, Light Force, increasing his Strength and Endurance by 30%, and Defense by 60% for 20 seconds.

Suddenly, Lightning Blade’s HP rose to more than 13,000. His damage also increased significantly.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, it is truly a pity that this battle is going to end so quickly,” Flame Blood said as he turned to Shi Feng, smiling.

The outcome was obvious now. Lightning Blade still had more than 13,000 HP, whereas Violet Cloud had less than 3,000 HP. Though Violet Cloud could technically heal herself, Skills such as Healing Light and Greater Healing required one to chant and channel for at least one or two seconds. Against an expert such as Lightning Blade, Violet Cloud would not have any chance to cast such time-consuming Skills. She could only use Instant-cast Skills to heal herself for a small amount of HP.

However, now that Lightning Blade had activated a Berserk Skill, that small amount of healing was practically negligible.

When Lightning Blade activated Berserk Mode, even Ghost Shadow, who was proficient in melee combat, would have no choice but to activate Vanish to evade the Guardian Knight’s attacks temporarily. Otherwise, he would not survive three to five moves.

“Indeed. I had not expected that Lightning Blade would be so impatient, not giving Violet Cloud any extra time.” Shi Feng nodded.

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, Flame Blood could not help but be surprised. He had not imagined that Shi Feng would be so straightforward. With anticipation, he said, “Hahaha! Lightning indeed possesses such a personality. However, this is also because he very much looks forward to fighting you, Guild Leader Black Flame.”

“Fighting me?” Shi Feng shook his head. Calmly smiling, he said, “I’m afraid a loser doesn’t qualify to challenge me.”

“Loser?” Confusion appeared on Flame Blood’s eyes. “Is Guild Leader Black Flame referring to Lightning Blade?”

“Who else would I be referring to?” Shi Feng rolled his eyes at the Cleric.

“You have an interesting sense of humor.” Flame Blood understood that Shi Feng was in denial. “Let’s see who will lose, then.”

Although Shi Feng’s voice was not loud, experts with keen five sense could hear him clearly, even from a distance.

When Lightning Blade heard Shi Feng’s words, his mouth inadvertently twitched, wrathful flames appearing in his eyes.

“I had intended to show some mercy. Now, however, I’ll teach you the meaning of despair! If you want to blame someone, blame your Guild Leader!” Lightning Blade transformed into an afterimage and arrived before Violet Cloud, the blade of his saber vanishing as he swung the weapon. At this moment, one could only see the afterimage of his arm. Moreover, the Guardian Knight no longer aimed at Violet Cloud’s vital points, but at her limbs instead.

Just as Lightning Blade’s saber was about to strike Violet Cloud, the saber suddenly stopped an inch before Violet Cloud’s arm, unable to proceed.

“What’s going on?” Lightning Blade muttered in shock.

No matter how much strength he used, so much so that the veins in his arms bulged with the effort, his saber could not reach Violet Cloud’s body. It was as if he had just struck a steel wall.

“Guild Leader, couldn’t you have let me play a little longer?” Violet Cloud pouted.