Chapter 675

Chapter 675 – Bountiful Loot

After Shi Feng clicked to evolve the Abyssal Blade, the golden crystal in his hand suddenly atomized, transforming into a stream of golden mist that flowed into the Abyssal Blade.

Suddenly, the Abyssal Blade began to tremble and emit a flickering golden light.

A short moment later, the Abyssal Blade’s exterior also began to transform.

The silver sword darkened to pitch-black once more. This time, however, eye-catching, bright red runes covered the sword’s blade.

This is an evolution?

Shi Feng was stunned. He could clearly feel that the Abyssal Blade had changed massively. His compatibility rate with the Magic Weapon had particularly increased. It felt as if the weapon had been tailored for him.

However, unlike the Abyssal Blade’s usual commotion when it leveled up, the weapon had not changed beyond its appearance. It was simply inconceivable.

Immediately, Shi Feng investigated the Abyssal Blade’s Attributes.

[Abyssal Blade] (One-handed Sword, Magic Weapon)

Attack Power +655

All Attributes +45

Attack Speed +15

Ignore Levels +15

Attacks have:

50% chance to cause 200% damage.

25% chance to cause 300% damage.

Every attack increases damage by 2% to a maximum of 20%.

If wielder belongs to a Swordsman-related class, all Skill Levels +3.

Increase Free Ability Points received for every increase in Level by 2 points.

Equipment Level 30. Can be upgraded. (Devour twenty Level 35 Fine-Gold Weapons and three Level 35 Dark-Gold Weapons to upgrade to Level 35).

Equipment Tier 1. Can be evolved (Devour ten Mana Crystals to evolve to Tier 2).

Additional Skill 1: Phantom Kill (Tier 1). Instantly creates a doppelganger under the wielder’s control. Doppelganger has 80% of the wielder’s Attributes and all Skills. The wielder can swap positions with the doppelganger at any time.

Duration: 1 minute, 10 seconds

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 2: Abyssal Bind (Tier 1). Binds enemies and prevents movement, reducing Defense by 100%.

Duration: 4 seconds

Cooldown: 50 seconds

Additional Skill 3: Nine Dragons Slash (Tier 1). Instantly creates twelve phantoms of the Abyssal Blade for wielder’s use; each phantom sword deals up to 60% damage.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 4: Abyssal Curse (Tier 1). Prevents all targets within a radius of 30 yards from moving or attacking for 6 seconds and reduces their Attributes by 20% for 10 minutes. Effect doubles if there is only one target within range.

Cooldown: 30 minutes

Additional Profound Inheritance: Black Emperor (Tier 1). When activated, every critical hit will accumulate one stack of Death Aura. Each stack can be used to increase all Attributes by 2% and Attack Speed and Movement Speed by 1% for 10 seconds or to reduce the Cooldown of a skill by 3 seconds. Maximum of 33 stacks of Death Aura.

Duration: 10 minutes

Cooldown: 12 hours

The master smith Olysses personally created the Abyssal Blade using the Black Dragon King’s fangs as material. It is one of thirty-six Famed Swords, ranking 31st. However, the Black Dragon King himself has cursed this sword. Beyond the immense strength the blade offers, the wielder must face a Backlash after a certain amount of time. However, after Jack had remodeled the Abyssal Blade with a Star Crystal, the strength of the Backlash has reduced greatly. If the wielder is unable to suppress the Backlash, the wielder will receive the Black Dragon King’s curse, permanently reducing all Attributes by 50%.

Unable to be dropped.

Unable to be traded.

So this is what an evolution looks like. Shi Feng finally understood what was going on.

The Abyssal Blade’s evolution had only provided minor improvements in terms of Attributes. However, it had increased the Tiers of the Magic Weapon’s Additional Skills, upgrading them from Tier 0 to Tier 1 Skills. It was similar to how players upgraded their Skills.

Only, while players required Skill Proficiency to upgrade their Skills, the Abyssal Blade required Mana Crystals.

Although the Additional Skills had not improved much after the evolution, the Skills would now be more effective on high-tiered monsters.

But this Mana Crystal was not easy to obtain. It only drops from 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons, and its drop-rate is really low. Shi Feng smiled bitterly. It was not easy to raid 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons. Not to mention, there was only a chance for a Mana Crystal to drop from each raid. If one did not have the support of a powerful Guild, it was practically impossible to evolve their Magic Weapon.

Although the Abyssal Blade’s evolution had been an unexpected windfall for Shi Feng, the Frost Giant’s other loot was extremely bountiful as well.

Shi Feng spent over a dozen minutes organizing the loot. In total, they had obtained 26 weapons and equipment pieces in this raid. Aside from one Epic weapon, two Tier 1 Weapons, eight Dark-Gold Set pieces, and seven Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment had dropped. The remaining non-material items were Fine-Gold Set pieces.

The harvest this time really is massive. Not only did an Epic item drop, but we also obtained two Tier 1 Weapons. Shi Feng immediately began appraising the Epic item and Tier 1 Weapons.

Among the many weapons and equipment pieces that dropped, the Epic item definitely ranked first in terms of value. The Tier 1 Weapons followed closely behind.

Aside from Epic Weapons, a Tier 1 Weapon was the best weapon available for a Tier 1 class. Although Tier 1 Weapons were only slightly superior to Dark-Gold Weapons in terms of Attributes, they specifically catered to a single class. Hence, these weapons allowed players to exert more of their strength in combat.

[Divine Frost Armor] (Plate Armor, Epic Rank)

Level 30 – Level 90

Equipment Requirement: Strength 240, Agility 150

Attributes adjust according to the user’s level.

HP increased by 20%.

Defense increased by 30%.

Evasion +20

Ice Resistance +30

Defend +2 Levels

Ignore Levels +10

Additional Passive Skill 1-

Frost Domain: Reduce the Movement Speed and Attack Speed of all enemies within a range of 20 yards by 20%.

Additional Passive Skill 2-

Frost Shield: When attacked, there is a fixed chance to generate a Frost Shield that reduces damage received by 50%.

Additional Active Skill-

Freezing Air: Increases Defense by 100% and reduces magic damage received by 80% for 15 seconds. Reduces enemies’ Movement Speed within 15 yards by 40% each second. After being slowed for 3 seconds, they will be frozen for 7 seconds.

Cooldown: 3 minutes

[Tempest’s Breath] (Two-handed Saber, Tier 1 Weapon)

Level 30 – Level 50

Class Requirement: Berserker

Attack Power +748 (Currently Level 30)

Strength +50, Agility +45, Endurance +40

Ignore 20% of the target’s Defense.

Ignore Levels +10

All Berserker Skills +1 Level

Durability 160/160

Attacks have:

15% chance to trigger Whirlwind Slash (passive), dealing 180% weapon damage to surrounding enemies.

20% chance to trigger Fatal Blow, dealing 220% weapon damage to target and inflict Bleed, reducing target’s HP by 20% over 6 seconds.

[Windchaser] (Longbow, Tier 1 Weapon)

Level 30 – Level 50

Class Requirement: Ranger

Attack Power +708 (Currently Level 30)

Strength +43, Agility +55, Endurance +42

Attack Speed +3

Accuracy +10%

Ignore Levels +10

All Ranger Skills +1 Level

Durability 140/140

Attacks have:

10% chance to trigger Wind’s Protection, increasing arrow speed by 60% and inflicting 170% weapon damage.

20% chance to trigger Quadruple Stars, transforming one arrow into four, each dealing 90% weapon damage.

When Shi Feng shared these weapons and equipment pieces’ statistics, the team forgot about their joy of claiming the First Clear of Hell Mode completely.

“This Epic Plate Armor is insane! This is perfect for dealing with Agility-focused Bosses and players!” Cola stared at the armor, mesmerized.

MT classes were not particularly agile. With the Frost Domain, however, MTs could make up for this weakness, their strength reaching a whole new level.

“Now that you’ve seen the items for yourselves, let’s start the team auction,” Shi Feng announced.