Chapter 672

Chapter 672 – Terror of a Grand Lord

Shortly after Shi Feng and the others entered the Hell Mode Frost Prison, the various Guilds received news of the matter.

“Black Flame really is interesting. After we’ve just claimed the First Clear of Hard Mode, he immediately leads Zero Wing to raid Hell Mode,” Daybreak Fog said, a hint of interest flashing in her eyes. Smirking, she asked, “Flame Blood, what do you think of this?”

“They should just be testing the waters. At this point, there isn’t any point in raiding the Hard Mode Frost Prison. Aside from challenging Hell Mode, their only other option is to challenge the 100-man Team Dungeons of other cities. However, the team will have to prepare and familiarize themselves with the other 100-man Team Dungeons to raid them successfully,” Flame Blood said quietly as he read the report from his subordinates. “Unfortunately, with Zero Wing’s current teams, it is simply impossible to raid the Hell Mode Frost Prison. That is no longer an issue of being strong enough or not.”

“Indeed. Maybe I am just overthinking things. That is, after all, a 100-man Hell Mode Dungeon.” Daybreak Fog had previously met Shi Feng. Although she had not seen exactly how skilled the man was, judging from his past performances and the various experts around him, he was not someone who would make foolish decisions. “Forget it. What Zero Wing does no longer matters to us. I only visited to help you with the Dungeon. Guild Leader has already declared that our true focus is the Stoneclaw Mountains. As for the matters in White River City, leave them to Elder Seven Treasures.”

“What is it that requires all of us to head there? Aren’t the Stoneclaw Mountains just a place to grind for Magic Crystals?” Flame Blood asked, confused.

These two were the strongest combatants within the Guild. It would not be wise to station them all in the Stoneclaw Mountains.

“Haven’t you ever wondered how the Stoneclaw Mountains activated?” Daybreak Fog laughed.

“I have no clue. Does Guild Leader know?” Flame Blood shook his head and asked.

“Not only does he know about it, but Guild Leader is responsible for activating the Stoneclaw Mountains.” When Daybreak Fog spoke about Heaven’s Burial’s Guild Leader, Singular Burial, adulation filled her voice. She had left the Super Guild she had been apart of and joined Heaven’s Burial without hesitation because of this man. Meanwhile, Singular Burial had personally dragged the Stoneclaw Mountains that every Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom fought over into existence.

Flame Blood and the others were astonished. They were unable to regain their wits for quite some time.

At this point in time, the Stoneclaw Mountains had affected players throughout Star-Moon Kingdom, as well as the Black Dragon Empire and several other neighboring kingdoms. Its influence transcended any single event that had occurred in God’s Domain so far.

“It can’t be, right?”

“As expected of our Guild Leader. He has actually managed such a feat.”

Everyone could not contain their excitement.

“Activating the Stoneclaw Mountains is merely one part of a quest. The follow-up quests are inside the Stoneclaw Mountains. As long as we complete this quest, Star-Moon City will fall under our control. Hence, this matter takes precedence over everything else,” Daybreak Fog said sternly, her tone hinting that she would not take no for an answer.

“Since that is the case, let’s prepare to head over there immediately.” Flame Blood fully agreed with Daybreak Fog’s words. If they could obtain Star-Moon City for themselves, it would become somewhat easier to obtain White River City.

—

Frost Prison:

“Why is a Grand Lord so much stronger than a Great Lord?” Fire Dance frowned as she observed the Frost Giant. Currently, her senses warned her that she must not provoke the Frost Giant under any circumstances.

Although the Grand Lord ranked Frost Giant only had 15,000,000 more HP than the Great Lord version, the difference between them felt like the difference between heaven and earth.

The team members could not help but shudder.

The Grand Lord’s aura was so dense that it made them feel like they were submerged in water, reducing their mobility significantly. Just how were they supposed to fight like this?

“Let’s rest here for now,” Shi Feng said in the team chat. He was not in a hurry to start the battle.

The Hell Mode Frost Prison was no trivial matter. Even with the assistance of the Hundred Berry Wine, there was no guarantee they could clear the Dungeon. Contrary to expectations, the greatest difference between a Grand Lord and an ordinary Great Lord was not Attributes, but mental suppression. It was one of the reasons that made Grand Lords exceedingly difficult to take down.

Aura was intangible. It was more like a form of mental suppression.

When people were under immense pressure, they would often lose their ability to perform normally. Some people would even find it difficult to move. It was just like how many people would be petrified when they encountered a life-threatening situation.

A Grand Lord possessed such an aura. Even an expert player would find it difficult to cope with such a situation, much less ordinary players.

Hence, the 100-man Hell Mode Dungeons of the various regions were exceedingly hard to clear. It was not a matter of having insufficient strength. Rather, it was because players were unable to exhibit it properly. Only powerful experts with stout hearts would endure the mental suppression and fight normally.

To current players, this was asking too much.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had a way to combat this problem.

“Fire, distribute these bottles.”

Saying so, Shi Feng took out 100 bottles of Hundred Berry Wine from his bag. Not only could the Hundred Berry Wine increase a player’s compatibility rate with their weapons and equipment, but it also had the side-effect of dulling a player’s five senses. Normally, this would reduce a player’s sensitivity in battle, weakening their perception of danger. In this case, however, it was the best method to reduce the Frost Giant’s mental suppression.

“Alcohol makes a man braver.” However, instead of increasing a person’s courage, alcohol would numb a person’s mental perception, removing their sense of crisis.

Normally, crisis awareness was the foundation of survival for all living beings. Only with a sense of danger could one avoid threats and survive.

This sense was indispensable for God’s Domain’s players. Players normally worked to sharpen their crisis awareness. That way, they could avoid attacks and launch counterattacks in battles.

Meanwhile, Grand Lords were so terrifying was precisely because the Main God System had specifically designed these monsters to challenge this sense.

After receiving the Hundred Berry Wine, everyone promptly emptied their bottles. Sure enough, the suppression everyone experienced lessened significantly. Their bodies no longer felt heavy.

At the same time, Shi Feng also used the Bible of Darkness to summon a Level 36 Tier 2 Evil Spirit. Although it was not a support-type Evil Spirit like the Heart Devourer, it was a magic attack-type Evil Spirit. It could increase the team’s overall DPS significantly.

“Everyone, focus on dodging and positioning. When attacking, focus on stability above all else. If you know your attacks will miss, don’t bother wasting Stamina,” Shi Feng began to issue commands. “Also, MTs, listen up. After you launch a few attacks at the start of the battle, you won’t need to continue attacking the Boss. Just make sure you stand in front of the Boss as much as possible. For damage dealers, do the opposite; do not stand in front of the Boss as much as possible. It is best if you attack from the sides.”

Shi Feng had fought the Hell Mode Frost Giant plenty of times in the past. The Frost Giant possessed relatively low intelligence. Even as a Grand Lord, this fact held true. This was fairly common for Elemental Beings. The Frost Giant’s attacks were also quite simple, preferring to attack only the targets in front of it. The Frost Giant would only switch targets after destroying the target before it.

The team’s MTs did not deal a lot of damage. If they had to focus on attacking while evading and blocking the Frost Giant’s attacks, with their current techniques and Attributes, they would run out of Stamina before ten minutes were up. Against the Grand Lord’s 60,000,000 HP, ten minutes was definitely not enough to finish the battle.

After everyone was in position, Cola, Ye Wumian, Turtledove, and the other MTs charged at the Frost Giant as one fierce assault.

Before the group of MTs arrived before the Frost Giant, the Grand Lord released its Frost Domain. The Frost Domain’s effects this time were slightly stronger than against the Great Lord ranked Frost Giant. Though the Stamina consumption rate was the same, their Movement and Attack Speeds had now decreased by 50%.