Chapter 674

Chapter 674 – Evolution of the Abyssal Blade

Star-Moon City:

Currently, due to the Stoneclaw Mountains, a large number of players had gathered in Star-Moon City. Even White River City during its peak could not compete with the capital city’s current crowd.

The players gathered in the city were not limited to the elites and experts of Star-Moon Kingdom. There were also players that had come from the Black Dragon Empire and the neighboring kingdoms. The city’s population increased by the minute. Players filled the city streets and even crowded Star-Moon City’s normally desolate areas.

“Star-Moon City really is a great place. With so many elites and experts here, we won’t have to worry about not being able to recruit any players into our Guild.” Flame Blood could not help his envy of Daybreak Fog when he saw that the majority of the players wandering the streets were Level 29. Many players had even reached Level 30 already.

Heaven’s Burial’s elite members were currently Level 28 or 29; very few had managed to reach Level 30. Yet, in Star-Moon City, there were so many high-level players. Daybreak Fog would have a much easier time nurturing her Branch’s members than he would.

Now that Heaven’s Burial had obtained the First Clear of the Frost Prison, not only had its fame spread throughout Star-Moon City, but the players in the Black Dragon Empire and the neighboring kingdoms also knew about Heaven’s Burial’s success. If Heaven’s Burial recruited members in Star-Moon City now, it could easily obtain a large number of elite members. In a few short days, the Guild could easily form an army to explore the Stoneclaw Mountains.

“This is only natural. Why else did you think Guild Leader chose this place?” Daybreak Fog smiled. She then pointed towards Ouroboros’s Guild Residence, saying, “As long as we help Guild Leader complete his quest, both Ouroboros and the Star Alliance will live in fear of our shadow.”

Just as the members of Heaven’s Burial chatted while waiting to receive orders from their Guild Leader, the sound of a system announcement suddenly rang near everyone’s ears.

Star-Moon Kingdom Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first team to conquer the Hell Mode of Frost Prison. All players on the team will be rewarded with 9,000,000 EXP, 1 Tier 3 Gemstone of a random Attribute, 100 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points, and 10 Humanity Reputation Points.

God’s Domain Southern Continent System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first team to conquer the Hell Mode of Frost Prison. All players on the team will be rewarded with 10,000,000 EXP, 5 Tier 3 Gemstones of random Attributes, 100 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points, and 20 Humanity Reputation Points.

God’s Domain Continent System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first team to conquer the Hell Mode of Frost Prison. All players on the team will be rewarded with 15,000,000 EXP, 10 Tier 3 Gemstones of random Attributes, 200 Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation Points, and 30 Humanity Reputation Points.

…

The announcement repeated five times. For a moment, every player in Star-Moon Kingdom fell silent.

—

Inside the Frost Prison:

“Success!”

“The Frost Giant is dead!”

Everyone suddenly shouted with joy. They had obtained the First Clear of a 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon. None of them had ever dreamed of accomplishing this feat.

The majority of these players had never been experts of the virtual gaming world. They were merely ordinary players who had followed Shi Feng’s lead.

This was one of the most difficult Hell Mode Team Dungeons in God’s Domain. Even Super Guilds did not dare to take on 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons right now. They had simply claimed the First Clear of Hard Mode and immediately prepared to raid the next high-level Team Dungeon. But, Zero Wing had done it. Moreover, not a single player on the team had died. It was simply inconceivable!

There was a fundamental difference between obtaining the First Clear of a 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon and the First Clear of a 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon.

By obtaining the First Clear of a 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon, their names would be recorded on the God’s Domain Glory List!

If they claimed the First Clear of a 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon, at most, their names would be recorded on the Glory List outside of the Dungeon for future players to see. However, by claiming the First Clear of a 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon, not only would they have their names on the Dungeon’s Glory List, but they would also have their names on the God’s Domain Glory List, which could be found in the Glory Temple in the various major cities throughout the continent. Players throughout God’s Domain would see their names, and their fame would soar instantly.

How could anyone not grow excited at obtaining such an honor?

Of course, everyone understood that this achievement had only been possible due to Shi Feng’s leadership and guidance. Otherwise, they would never have had such an opportunity.

Shi Feng did not stop his teammates from celebrating as, inwardly, he was also excited.

This was also his first time his name had ever been recorded on the God’s Domain Glory List. In his previous life, he was only able to gaze with envy at the other names in the Glory Temple. Now, however, he had become one of those people. Even though he tried to maintain his calm, he could not suppress the wild elation in his heart.

After a moment, Shi Feng managed to calm himself. He then slowly walked up to the Frost Giant’s remains and began to collect the loot.

Right before finishing off the Frost Giant, Shi Feng had activated Divine Providence, allowing his Luck to soar. In addition to the First Clear bonus, the number of items the Frost Giant dropped was extraordinary. At a glance, there were over 100 items scattered across the ground. Of course, the majority of them consisted of rare materials.

“What a harvest. From this single raid, one-third of the materials I need for the Stables have dropped. After a few more, I’ll be able to start the construction,” Shi Feng muttered as he casually glanced at the items. Suddenly, his eyes shone as he exclaimed, “An Epic item!”

There were zero chances for an Epic item to drop in a 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon. For Hell Mode, though, there was a very small chance of one dropping. Hence, even in the past, Epic items were extremely rare. Unless they were extremely lucky, ordinary players had no hope of getting their hands on one. Only large Guilds would have quite a few Epic items. However, those required the efforts of the entire Guild.

“What’s this?” Shi Feng quickly discovered a faintly glowing golden crystal. Having never seen this item before, he unconsciously used Omniscient Eyes to examine it.

[Mana Crystal]

Contains a frightening level of Mana. Rumor has it that this is the best material for forging Magic Weapons.

“The best material for forging Magic Weapons?” Shi Feng’s jaw hit the floor.

Magic Weapons were far rarer than Epic items. Every Magic Weapon possessed an extraordinary history. The Abyssal Blade in Shi Feng’s hands was one such example. The master smith Olysses had personally forged the magnificent weapon. The materials used would not have been one bit inferior to that of Legendary items. The value of a material that could be used to forge a Magic Weapon would most likely rival that of an Epic item, or even surpass it, because a Magic Weapon’s strength depended on the skills of the forger.

System: Abyssal Blade has discovered an evolution item. Would you like the Abyssal Blade to absorb the item and evolve?

Suddenly, the sound of a system notification reached his ears.

“This is an evolution item?” Shi Feng gazed at the faintly glowing golden crystal in his hand in amazement.

Aside from leveling up, the Abyssal Blade could evolve. Only, the system had never revealed the conditions for its evolution. Moreover, Shi Feng had only managed to learn very little information regarding Magic Weapons in the past, so he was not sure how to evolve a Magic Weapon.

Unexpectedly, he had actually obtained the evolution item required after obtaining the First Clear of a 100-man Team Dungeon.

“Should I evolve it or not?” Shi Feng knew that the stronger a Magic Weapon became, the stronger the Backlash would be when it occurred.

After giving it some thought, Shi Feng gritted his teeth and agreed to evolve the Abyssal Blade.

On the path of experts, if one did not move forward, they would be left behind. Since he aimed to reach the peak of God’s Domain, he would encounter countless experts and monstrous players. If he could not even control a single Magic Weapon, how was he supposed to face those monsters?