Chapter 671

Chapter 671 – True Form

Defeated!

Lightning Blade had been thoroughly defeated!

Nobody would have imagined that Zero Wing had such a powerful character as Violet Cloud.

The arrogance Heaven’s Burial’s members had displayed had been utterly extinguished.

Others might not realize exactly how strong Lightning Blade was, but they knew. In the entire Guild, nobody could win against Lightning Blade in a one-on-one match, let alone obtain victory so effortlessly.

“Does anybody from Heaven’s Burial still dare to challenge our Guild Leader?” Violet Cloud shifted her gaze towards Heaven’s Burial’s members, a faint smile appearing on her face. Provocatively, she said, “I really want to see just who among you qualifies to do so.”

Nobody from Heaven’s Burial dared respond.

None of the spectators were weaklings. Through Lightning Blade’s battle, they could determine Violet Cloud’s standards. They would only be asking for humiliation if they tried to challenge her.

Unlike everyone else, however, Ghost Shadow revealed a look of interest. Unfortunately, just as he was about to open his mouth and speak, the woman beside him stopped his words. This woman wore a gorgeous red mage’s robe, which failed tremendously to hide her magnificent cleavage. She also wore a white beret on her head, covering her silky blue hair, which scattered around her waist. In her hand, she held an eye-catching, white-jade staff that radiated a faint golden glow.

“Daybreak, why are you stopping me?” Ghost Shadow demanded, dissatisfied.

Daybreak Fog was in charge of Heaven’s Burial’s affairs in Star-Moon City. Her position in the Guild was higher than even Flame Blood’s. Her strength could not be underestimated. If not for Daybreak Fog’s help, even with Lightning Blade present, Heaven’s Burial would not have cleared the Frozen Prison today.

“Don’t humiliate the Guild any further. You are no match for her. There’s too much of a difference in strength between your Skills. We have already completed our task here. You will have your chance in the future,” Daybreak Fog said as she raised an eyebrow at Ghost Shadow. She had not used a persuasive tone, but a commanding one.

Flame Blood nodded in agreement. Now that Heaven’s Burial had obtained the First Clear of the Frost Prison, their reputation flourished. However, if Violet Cloud defeated their several great experts, all of their efforts would go to waste.

“Zero Wing certainly has many experts. In the future, we will have many opportunities to clash with them. Today, we have other matters to attend to, so we will not keep you any longer.” Flame Blood gave Shi Feng a cupped-fist salute[1] before turning away.

After watching Flame Blood and the others leave, War Wolf saluted Shi Feng before leaving with his team as well.

“Guild Leader, are we still going to raid the Frost Prison?” Fire Dance asked softly.

Now that Heaven’s Burial had obtained the Frost Prison’s First Clear, there was no point in raiding the Dungeon. Rather than obtaining some materials and equipment, grinding in the Stoneclaw Mountains for Magic Crystals and high-level equipment would be more effective.

After all, the Stoneclaw Mountains was a Level 30 to Level 49 Regional Dungeon. Not only did it drop much higher-level equipment, but it also offered higher quality equipment. By grinding in the Stoneclaw Mountains, they could prepare to raid the next large-scale Team Dungeon. It was more efficient than grinding for a bunch of Level 30 equipment in the Frost Prison.

“Of course, we’re going. They’ve only obtained the First Clear of Hard Mode, not Hell Mode. My goal has always been the First Clear of Hell Mode. Even if Heaven’s Burial has obtained the First Clear of Hard Mode, it doesn’t affect us one bit.” Shi Feng shook his head and laughed.

The materials for constructing a Stable were not that easily obtainable. The drop-rate for these materials in a 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon was very low. Sometimes, the materials he required would not even drop. If he wished to obtain the necessary materials to construct a Stable as soon as possible, he would have to clear Hell Mode.

By relying only on 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons, they would not gather all the necessary materials even if they raided the Dungeon 100 times. On the other hand, they could obtain what he needed from Hell Mode.

Team Dungeons refreshed once every three days. Raiding a Team Dungeon 100 times would require at least 300 days. Though, when players reached higher levels, lower-leveled Dungeons would become much easier to raid. At that time, the number of teams the Guild could form to raid these Dungeons would also increase. However, that was still a long ways off. Currently, Shi Feng was in a hurry to construct a Stable and nurture the Thunder Wolf. Nurturing a 5-star Mount required a lot of time and effort, after all.

He did not wish to see the Thunder Wolf still in the process of being tamed while the mainstream players had already purchased their own Mounts.

“This…” Everyone was rendered speechless.

“Guild Leader, with our recent improvement, we might be able to manage Hard Mode, but I think that Hell Mode is still out of our reach.” Fire Dance refused to believe that Hell Mode was only slightly harder than Hard Mode.

“Indeed. In terms of techniques, the majority of the team is still far from qualified. Though, in terms of equipment and Attributes, everyone has already passed the minimum requirements.” Shi Feng then grinned and said, “However, techniques can be made up for.”

“Made up?” A light suddenly shown in Fire Dance’s eyes. “Guild Leader, are you planning on using the Hundred Berry Wine?”

If one spoke of a method to improve one’s combat techniques for a short period, then the only thing that came to everyone’s mind was the Hundred Berry Wine. Only, the Hundred Berry Wine was too rare. Currently, everyone could only obtain it through Shi Feng. They had not even heard of the beverage being available elsewhere.

“Let’s enter the Dungeon before we continue this conversation.” Shi Feng nodded.

The Hundred Berry Wine was indeed extremely rare. However, some time ago, he had made another trip to District One’s Shelter and had obtained another 300 bottles. Hence, he had no problem wasting a few to obtain the First Clear of the Hell Mode Frost Prison.

—

Meanwhile, Heaven’s Burial’s successful raid of the Frost Prison had become major news throughout Star-Moon Kingdom. For a time, everyone in the kingdom knew of the Guild named Heaven’s Burial.

“Heaven’s Burial is too amazing! Even the two first-rate Guilds in Star-Moon City have yet to obtain the First Clear of a 100-man Team Dungeon. Yet, Heaven’s Burial succeeded.”

“A 100-man Dungeon! That place is a goldmine for Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Equipment. Our Guild has only managed to raid 50-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons so far. I wonder when I’ll obtain a complete top-tier Set Equipment for myself?”

“Top-tier Set Equipment? I don’t need so much. I only hope to wear a full set of Secret-Silver Equipment. My friends would die from envy.”

“A full set of Secret-Silver Equipment? Just the Level 25 Secret-Silver Weapon my friend wields is already enough to make me drool. When he showed me the weapon, he even brought our friends and me into a Dungeon to show off that weapon in action. Bronze or Mysterious-Iron Weapons can never hope to compare to how cool his weapon is!”

“I heard that Heaven’s Burial is mass-recruiting right now. The benefits they offer are excellent. The Guild often brings newcomers with good potential into large-scale Team Dungeons. We should still make it for the recruitment if we hurry.”

Players throughout Star-Moon Kingdom were talking about Heaven’s Burial on the forums.

For a time, Heaven’s Burial’s member count soared. Unlike Zero Wing, however, Heaven’s Burial did not have any financial issues. Players could join the Guild as long as they reached the minimum requirements. The Guild also began to show signs of becoming the number one Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom.

—

Meanwhile, inside the Frost Prison, Shi Feng and the others finally arrived at the Frost Giant’s entrenchment.

Compared to the Hard Mode Frost Giant, the Hell Mode Frost Giant was much larger. It was as tall as an eight-story building. Moreover, sharp icicles covered its body. Cold air also flowed from the Frost Giant’s body, reducing the mobility of those affected. Before the battle had even begun, everyone could feel the cold air wash over them, causing them to shiver.

Nobody knew that the Hell Mode Frost Giant was the Frost Giant’s true form.

[Frost Giant] (Elemental Being, Grand Lord)

Level 32

HP 60,000,000/60,000,000

TL Notes:

[1]cupped-fist salute:

https://previews.123rf.com/images/rukawajung/rukawajung1507/rukawajung150700043/42559300-chinese-salute-greetings-sign.jpg