Chapter 687

Chapter 687 – Tier 3 Magic Scroll

There were many types of traps in God’s Domain, and any one of these traps could finish a player off easily.

The simplest traps were the ordinary, physical traps. Most players could resolve these traps.

A slightly more advanced trap was a magical trap. Even experts could lose their lives to these traps if they were not careful.

The most advanced traps were challenge traps. When triggered, challenge traps would seal players inside a barrier. Players were then required to undergo a challenge, and only after they cleared the challenge would they obtain the reward.

Although challenge traps were the most advanced of the three types, the former two were the most fatal when triggered. After all, players could simply choose to ignore the treasure if they did not wish to risk their lives, whereas the other two types would not offer players such a luxury. Hence, the physical and magical traps claimed the most lives.

Meanwhile, classes like the Assassin possessed Skills to disarm traps.

Hence, most solo Assassins could get by just fine in God’s Domain.

Although Shi Feng was a Swordsman without any Disarm Skills, he had Magic Scrolls that could do the job. This item had a very low drop rate. Moreover, it was only capable of disarming magical traps and challenge traps. Even with Zero Wing’s strength, the Guild had only managed to obtain slightly over 20 scrolls. Before coming to Mount Sogar, Shi Feng packed five of these Magic Scrolls with him. Although, he had not expected to use one so soon.

Walking up to the stone platform, Shi Feng did not hurry to open the Treasure Chest. Rather, he cleared away the thorns and moss covering the stone platform. He then took out a silvery-gray scroll, unfurling it and chanting the incantation recorded within.

This silver-gray scroll was none other than a Tier 1 Disarm Scroll. It was capable of disarming all magical and challenge traps of Fine-Gold rank and below Treasure Chests. However, the precondition was to locate the trap’s activation array. Otherwise, the scroll would be useless.

As the Disarm Scroll activated, gray smoke seeped into the trap’s activation array. The Mana within the activation array then began to corrode. Without any Mana to power the activation array, the magical trap could no longer be triggered.

“I wonder what items I will find this time?” Shi Feng shifted his gaze towards the Secret-Silver Treasure Chest once more.

Exchanging a Tier 1 Magic Scroll for a Secret-Silver Treasure Chest was a very profitable trade.

Moreover, he was in one of the maps at the Top of the World. This area was untouched by players thus far. In other words, the Treasure Chests throughout the Top of the World had yet to be opened even once. Their loot would naturally be somewhat more abundant. This was a similar phenomenon to obtaining the First Clear of the Dungeon, whereby the end rewards would be slightly buffed.

However, Shi Feng still did not hurry to open the Treasure Chest. He first activated Divine Providence.

Immediately, his Luck increased by an additional 32 points for 30 seconds.

Only now did Shi Feng open the Treasure Chest.

Following which, a loading bar appeared above the Treasure Chest, filling gradually. Twenty seconds were required to open the Secret-Silver Treasure Chest.

The activation time for this one sure is abnormally long. Shi Feng was a little concerned when he saw the required activation time.

A Treasure Chest’s activation time usually ranged from 3 to 10 seconds. Even Secret-Silver Treasure Chests didn’t usually require as long as 20 seconds.

The seconds ticked by slowly.

After the long and arduous 20 seconds, the tattered old Treasure Chest audibly clicked before its lid gradually opened. In the next moment, an array of colors escaped the Treasure Chest, illuminating the entire cave.

“There are so many items inside!”

After the rainbow brilliance dissipated, the Secret-Silver Treasure Chest’s contents were on full display before Shi Feng. Items filled the entire chest. This was definitely the fullest Treasure Chest Shi Feng had ever seen in his life.

He spotted more than ten Tier 3 Gemstones alone. There was also a large number of Magic Crystals and Silver Coins.

There were even three weapons and equipment inside the chest.

These items were all Level 50.

Level 50 was considered a major milestone in God’s Domain. Although part of the reason was that players could apply for their Tier 2 classes at this level, it was mainly due to the difference in equipment.

Level 50 equipment was a lot stronger than Level 45 equipment.

Originally, the Attributes on a piece of Level 40 Secret-Silver Equipment was roughly the equivalent of a piece of Level 45 Mysterious-Iron Equipment. Only, the latter had slightly higher Defense. However, the Attributes on Level 45 Secret-Silver Equipment were only the equivalent of Level 50 Bronze Equipment. That was a difference of two ranks.

Because of this, the Attribute gap between players widened significantly.

However, after reaching Level 50, players would quickly discover that high-quality Level 50 weapons and equipment would become far more difficult to obtain. Moreover, the number of weapons and equipment that dropped from Dungeons would decrease significantly.

Nowadays, ordinary players could collect a full set of Bronze Equipment so long as they put in the required effort. Many might even have a few pieces of Mysterious-Iron Equipment mixed into their sets. However, an ordinary Level 50 player walking around in a full set of Level 50 Bronze Equipment would be an impressive feat. Even Level 50 Mysterious-Iron Equipment would be rarely seen on a Guild’s normal members. Only elite Guild members could barely scrape together a full set of Mysterious-Iron Equipment. One could just imagine how difficult it was to obtain Level 50 equipment of high quality.

Currently, of the three pieces of Level 50 equipment inside the Treasure Chest, two were Secret-Silver rank, and one was Fine-Gold rank. He had truly hit the jackpot this time.

However, the item that demanded Shi Feng’s attention was a pale-gold scroll.

Even though the scroll sat quietly inside the chest, the frightening amount of Mana radiated distorted the surrounding Mana. If the scroll were activated, who knew what kind of power it could display?

This was an effect that only Tier 3 Magic Scrolls or above could display.

Tier 4 Magic Scrolls were as rare as a phoenix’s feather throughout God’s Domain. If sold, it could fetch for an astronomical price. However, nobody would be so foolish as to actually sell a Tier 4 Magic Scroll. Meanwhile, although Tier 3 Magic Scrolls could not compete with Tier 4 Magic Scrolls in terms of rarity, each scroll was still considered a strategic item to a Guild. Outside of an emergency, Guilds would never consider using their Tier 3 Magic Scrolls.

“I wonder what kind of Tier 3 Spell it contains?” Shi Feng eagerly picked up the pale-gold scroll and examined it.

[Magic Amplification Scroll] (Tier 3 Magic Scroll)

Forcibly upgrades the Tier of a Skill by 1 Tier up to a maximum of Tier 3.

Cooldown: 1 hour

Uses remaining: 30

After reading the introduction, Shi Feng was momentarily stunned.

A Magic Amplification Scroll was no less valuable than an Epic item.

To ordinary players, this scroll could forcibly improve their Skills by a single Tier. This scroll could provide a miraculous impact if used at a critical moment.

For example, in a battle between two players who could both use only Tier 1 Skills, if the losing player could suddenly amplify one of their Skills to Tier 2, it could turn the tide of battle.

When fighting Bosses, the control effects of a Tier 1 Skill was incredibly limited. However, the skill would display a marked difference at Tier 2.

And yet, this was still not the Magic Amplification Scroll’s greatest function.

Its true purpose lay in summoning!

It was particularly useful to the Summoner class. A Tier 1 Summoner could, at most, summon a Tier 1 monster to fight for them. After using Magic Amplification on their Skills, however, they could summon Tier 2 monsters. As for Tier 2 Summoners, they could summon Tier 3 monsters.

A Tier 3 monster was the equivalent of the Great Lord rank…

Whether it was out in the fields, a Dungeon, or a PvP battle, having a Great Lord ranked monster by one’s side would provide massive advantages. One such monster could easily decimate an army of ten thousand players.

Although I’m not a Summoner, I have the Bible of Darkness. I wonder if the Magic Amplification Scroll will have any effect on it? When Shi Feng thought about the possibility of summoning a Tier 3 Demon, he could not help but grow excited.

If he could summon a Tier 3 Demon, he would have a much easier time searching for Solomon’s Treasure.

With the assistance of a Tier 3 Demon, he could easily defeat even a group of Chieftain ranked Stone Ape Guards.