Chapter 688

Chapter 688 – Tier 3 Overlord

Setting aside the Tier 3 Magic Scroll, Shi Feng stored the remaining items from the Treasure Chest in his bag. He then carefully took out the Bible of Darkness.

“You must succeed.” Shi Feng was not absolutely confident in being able to summon a Tier 3 Demon.

After all, the Bible of Darkness was a Fragmented Legendary item.

It was not an easy task to upgrade the Skill of a Fragmented Legendary item. Even with a Tier 3 Magic Scroll, the likelihood of success was low.

Unfurling the Magic Amplification Scroll, Shi Feng began to chant its incantation.

Suddenly, the Mana in the cave went berserk. An endless stream of Mana surged into the cave from outside, increasing the density within the cave to the point where it was visible to the naked eye. The dense Mana took the form of a multicolored haze that filled the cave, creating a beautiful sight.

Such dense Mana!

Shi Feng had become the heart of the cave as Mana surged into his body, forming a massive vortex.

“Emerge, Demon Gate!” Shi Feng activated Demon Summoning.

Rumble…

Suddenly, the cave began to tremble. In the blink of an eye, a massive pair of gates suddenly appeared out of thin air. This gate was twice as large as those that appeared when he summoned Tier 2 Demons. Shi Feng even struggled to move under the intense pressure this gate emitted.

Did I succeed? Shi Feng could not help his growing excitement as he watched the Demon Gate.

The combination of the Magic Amplification Scroll and the Bible of Darkness… If he could put this combination to use in a Guild War, it would definitely turn the tides of battle.

Regardless of the time or location, a Great Lord ranked monster was a massive threat to a player, not to mention a Great Lord that was under an enemy player’s control. The threat level of such a Great Lord would be increased by at least tenfold.

As the Demon Gate slowly opened, a humanoid Demon wearing crimson scale armor and wielding a pitch-black war axe hovered out of the darkness. However, although the Demon had the shape of a human, it was much larger. The Demon stood over three meters tall and had a pair of blood-red wings that allowed it to hover above the ground.

“Such a weak little ant actually dares to summon me, the Purgatory Demon?” the Purgatory Demon snarled, ridicule flashing its blood-red eyes as it looked down on Shi Feng. With a single flap of its wings, the Purgatory Demon crossed the distance of ten yards in an instant, its speed surpassing even that of a Great Lord. The Demon then swung its war axe down towards Shi Feng. “Die!”

The pitch-black war axe suddenly emitted intense shockwaves, destabilizing the surrounding space.

As the war axe descended, Shi Feng suddenly discovered that he could not move…

This is the Tier 3 Taboo Skill, Spatial Suppression! Shi Feng was aghast.

He had never imagined that the Demon he summoned would be so powerful.

There were many kinds of Tier 3 Demons. Moreover, Tier 3 Demons possessed very high intellect, so there was a small number who could learn Tier 3 Taboo Skills. Among Tier 3 Demons, these individuals were warlord-level existences.

Shi Feng was only a Tier 1 class. He had no hope of breaking free from the suppression of the Tier 3 Taboo Skill. He could not even use a Skill. He could only watch as the massive war axe descended on him.

Boom!

When the pitch-black war axe landed, the impact destroyed the entire cave.

“Hahaha! Such a weakling also dares to use the Bible of Darkness? With this, the Bible of Darkness now belongs to me,” the hovering Purgatory Demon could not help but laugh.

However, its laughter was short-lived as a serious expression suddenly appeared on the Demon’s face, its gaze focused on the ruins before it.

“Why are you still alive?!” the Purgatory Demon stared in shock as it watched Shi Feng slowly climb out of the rubble.

Shi Feng looked somewhat miserable as his entire body was covered in dust. However, his HP was still full; he had not received any damage from the Purgatory Demon’s attack.

“As expected of a Tier 3 Demon. If I hadn’t used Phantom Kill as a precaution for the magical trap, that hit really would have killed me,” Shi Feng said, smiling as he turned to the hovering Purgatory Demon while dusting himself.

The instant the Purgatory Demon had appeared, Shi Feng had noticed that he could not control it completely. Hence, he had immediately activated the Replace Skill, trading places with his doppelganger while he hid at the cave’s entrance. However, the shockwaves from the Demon’s Tier 3 Taboo Skill had still affected him. Fortunately, he was able to activate Defensive Blade in time, blocking the incoming damage.

“Lucky ant. But you won’t be so lucky the next time,” the Purgatory Demon revealed a sinister expression as it swung its massive waraxe at Shi Feng once more.

In response to the fast and destructive attack, Shi Feng simply smiled as he said coldly, “There won’t be a next time because your time is up.”

“Time?” Confusion flashed in the Purgatory Demon’s eyes. Immediately, however, panic appeared on its face as it shifted its gaze towards the Bible of Darkness in Shi Feng’s hands. Countless blue chains suddenly emerged from the Bible of Darkness. Like a pack of hungry wolves, the chains shot towards the Purgatory Demon. Defiantly, the Demon shouted, “No!”

The Purgatory Demon no longer bothered with its attack on Shi Feng. Instead, it was now fled from Shi Feng with all its might.

However, even if the Purgatory Demon was fast, it could not outrun the blue chains. The blue chains instantly pierced through the Demon and wrapped around its body, sealing its movements completely. It could only whimper and mourn painfully as it lay on the ground.

After a few seconds of whining, the Purgatory Demon’s spirited eyes dimmed. As if it had become a walking corpse, the Demon slowly stood up from the ground and looked at Shi Feng as if waiting for a command. The blue chains binding the Demon began to fade.

“That was close. Luckily I used my doppelganger to buy some time.” Shi Feng finally released out a sigh of relief as he saw the Purgatory Demon’s lifeless eyes. The Tier 3 Demon was finally under his control.

It was possible for a summoned creature to rebel. However, the chances of a rebellion were determined by the summoner’s strength. Currently, Shi Feng was merely a Tier 1 player. If he used a Tier 3 Magic Scroll to forcefully summon a Tier 3 Demon, the chances of a rebellion were quite high. Meanwhile, when a summoned creature rebelled, its first target would be its summoner.

Of course, there was also a method to end a rebellion. For example, the Bible of Darkness was capable of eliminating a summoned Demon’s consciousness. However, time was required to do so. After killing the summoned creature’s will, it would become a puppet without any trace of autonomy. This would make it very difficult to control the summoned creature, sharply reducing its combat power.

Normally, after a creature was summoned, the summoner only needed to transmit simple commands. The summoned creature would then carry out the commands automatically. However, after becoming a puppet, the summoner would have to split a portion of their consciousness to direct the summoned creature’s every movement. This would, in turn, impact the summoner’s own combat power.

Most importantly, after a summoned creature lost its consciousness, players would face great difficulties when using the monster’s Skills. When a monster was self-aware, it could achieve 100% of its Skills’ effects. For players who had never used any of the summoned creature’s Skills before, in addition to splitting their focus on controlling the monster, it would be a miracle if they exerted 50% of the summoned creature’s Skills’ effects.

However, Shi Feng couldn’t care less right now.

Compared to a turncoat Tier 3 Demon, a puppet Tier 3 Demon was far more useful. Although having to control the Demon manually would greatly reduce its combat power, it was better than nothing at all.

I wasn’t able to check its Attributes before because it wasn’t under my control. I wonder just what kind of Attributes the Tier 3 Purgatory Demon possesses? Shi Feng was very curious about the Tier 3 Demon’s Attributes. The fact that it could use a Tier 3 Taboo Skill showed that it was much stronger than ordinary Tier 3 Demons.