Chapter 685

Chapter 685 – New Continent

After Exemplary Willow and Glorious Echo left….

The tension in the room evaporated. However, Aqua Rose still wallowed in her guilt.

Exemplary Willow’s eyes as she departed had reflected her inner anger clearly. This matter definitely would not be resolved so easily.

“Thank you,” Aqua Rose muttered as she watched Shi Feng, who maintained his usual calm, with grateful eyes.

She was no fool.

Although Shi Feng’s actions had seemed foolish, she knew that he had been helping her.

Initially, OSC’s had focused on Aqua Rose, and it would not let her, or her family, off the hook for her refusal to cooperate. However, Shi Feng had come forth and provoked OSC intentionally, shifting the Corporation’s hatred towards himself. This way, the Corporation would not bother targeting her and her family.

If this were any other Guild, none of them would willingly make an enemy of OSC for a single Guild member.

In response, Shi Feng simply laughed and said, “Forget about managing the affairs of Stone Forest Town for now and focus on leveling up and improving yourself. I’ll have Melancholic manage the town for the time being.” He was not the slightest bit worried about what had just happened.

“But OSC…”

Aqua Rose understood that Shi Feng was letting her distance herself from the dispute this time. This way, she would not attract Open Source’s attention.

However, she was the main instigator of this issue. She couldn’t just watch the situation play out from a safe distance.

“Don’t worry about it. Stone Forest Town is simply too valuable. Even without Twilight Echo and Open Source, there will be other Guilds and corporations wanting a piece of the pie.” Shi Feng could see Aqua Rose’s guilt. However, things were not as simple as she thought. “In Star-Moon Kingdom, there has yet to be a single power capable of taking Stone Forest City from us. What do we have to fear?”

The intense competition in God’s Domain far surpassed every virtual reality game before it.

Although Shi Feng did not know the reason for God’s Domain’s popularity, as someone who had experienced it before, he was fully aware of the dangers that came with taking over Stone Forest Town. And sooner or later, these dangers would erupt. Hence, rather than sitting still and waiting for their deaths, they might as well take the initiative to land the first blow.

Even so, he had not expected to start a war with the Open Source Corporation.

Fortunately, Open Source’s economic influence would have little effect on him. If the Corporation wished to deal with him, they had to do so through God’s Domain.

However, God’s Domain was his home ground. It would not be so easy for Open Source obtain victory.

Both the Guild and I need to grow stronger as quickly as possible. Shi Feng’s hunger for obtaining Solomon’s Treasure increased.

If Solomon’s Treasure was related to Solomon’s Sword, he might actually be able to get his hands on the Legendary Weapon.

With his current strength, his effect in a massive war between Guilds was limited. Against an alliance of multiple Guilds, he was insignificant. However, if he had Solomon’s Sword, he could attempt to replicate Mage God Gaia’s achievement of hunting and butchering the various large Guilds.

Following which, Shi Feng passed on Stone Forest Town’s management to Melancholic Smile and Blackie while Aqua Rose led the Dark Gods Legion to grind in the Stoneclaw Mountains.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng retrieved a few Magic Scrolls and lifesaving items from the Guild Warehouse. He then traveled to the Top of the World to complete his quest.

In reality, the Top of the World was a new continent with a very high altitude.

The map engraved on the Elemental Core showed that Solomon’s Treasure was hidden on Mount Sogar, one of this new continent’s regions.

Fortunately, Mount Sogar was not a very high-level region. It was only a Level 40 to Level 60 map. Although Shi Feng was only Level 32, with the top-tier equipment he had, it was not impossible to explore the place.

In the snow-covered forest around Mount Sogar, space suddenly ruptured. In the next moment, a pitch-black figure jumped out of the spatial crack.

“Is this the Top of the World?”

Shi Feng took a deep breath as he observed his surroundings. The air was extremely thin here. Moreover, the gravitational pull was intense; the gravity here was at least 3 g. The temperature was also below 20 degrees Celsius. The environment was harsh.

After God’s Domain underwent its third evolution, the Gravitational System was only one part of the system upgrade. Air density and temperature would also affect a player’s combat power.

The effect of temperature on players was not significant as players only needed to acquire some Resistance to counteract the effects. As long as one had 20 points of Ice Resistance, they would not find the low temperature uncomfortable. If one could not withstand the cold, they also had the option of wearing some warm clothing. The thin air, however, would impact a player’s combat power significantly. In a low-oxygen environment, the more players fought, the more rapidly they would burn through their Stamina.

Players without Stamina had no combat capabilities at all. In other words, players would not be able to fight for a long time in a low-oxygen environment. It was highly possible that they would lose the ability to fight in the middle of a battle.

“Grauu!”

The powerful soundwaves immediately attracted the attention of the nearby Wild Beasts. A moment later, these Wild Beasts answered with their own deafening roars.

[Snow Lion] (Wild Beast, Elite Rank)

Level 42

HP 180,000/180,000

At this moment, a total of five, white-furred Snow Lions appeared around Shi Feng, surrounding him, their amber eyes radiating a fierce bloodlust.

These monsters sure are powerful. Despite being only Elite rank, their bloodlust is so strong. This place really isn’t meant for ordinary players. Shi Feng chuckled as he unsheathed the Abyssal Blade.

If any other expert stood in his place right now, the Snow Lions would likely devour them. Fortunately, Shi Feng was no ordinary expert.

“Grauu!”

At the sound of a low roar, a Snow Lion dashed forward and bit down at Shi Feng. Almost as if they had planned their attack, the other four Lions took the opportunity to circle to Shi Feng’s back.

“Scram!”

Shi Feng struck at the Snow Lion’s head, the Abyssal Blade colliding with one of the monster’s fangs.

Dang!

“So tough!”

Shi Feng felt his hand go numb when the Abyssal Blade stuck the Snow Lion’s fang.

However, the Snow Lion that attacked Shi Feng had not fared any better than Shi Feng as the impact sent it flying. Its ivory fang also sported a deep gash. The Abyssal Blade had nearly chopped off the Snow Lion’s fang.

However, the Snow Lion only suffered -424 damage from the attack. To its 180,000 HP, that damage was practically negligible.

Shi Feng then spun and sent a slash to his back, the black streak of light slashing at the four oncoming Snow Lions. The Snow Lions’ hides were far more tender than their fangs. Very easily, the Abyssal Blade sliced through the Lions’ hides, leaving behind a bone-deep gash. However, the attack only dealt slightly more than -1,200 damage to each of the four Lions.

“Why is their Defense so high?!” Shi Feng was surprised.

Previously, seeing as his attack had landed on the Snow Lion’s fang, he thought the low damage was reasonable. However, even after his blade bit into the monsters’ flesh, he had only managed to deal over -1,200 damage. These Snow Lions’ Defense was stronger than even a Great Lord.

“Do all monsters here have such high Defense?” Shi Feng muttered, feeling a slight headache begin to brew.

These Snow Lions were only Elite monsters. If he encountered a Chieftain or Lord, how was he supposed to defeat them?

He had already equipped the Abyssal Blade with a Magic Device. Without the Device, his damage would most likely be much lower.

After Shi Feng managed to repel four Snow Lions with a single attack, the Lions began to roar.

“Grauu!”

The sound of their deafening roars was powerful enough to echo over a thousand meters.

“What are they trying to do?

“Are they trying to scare me?”

Shi Feng could not help but smirk at the roaring Snow Lions. None of them showed any signs of attacking at this moment.

However, just as Shi Feng intended to finish these monsters off, he detected movement in the surrounding forest. The ground began to tremble, and soon, he noticed the towering trees fall, one after another. Suddenly, a massive Snow Lion that stood over five meters tall emerge from the forest, a long, sharp horn protruding from his forehead.

[One-horn Lion King] (Wild Beast, Lord Rank)

Level 45

HP 4,000,000/4,000,000