Chapter 697

Chapter 697 – Super-large-scale Destruction Spell

After suddenly losing one of its heads, the Magic Snake’s eight remaining heads glared at the Purgatory Demon, rage filling their amber eyes. Less than a second later, however, the dismembered head grew back. All nine of the Great Lord’s heads then abruptly opened their mouths and spat out a gray beam.

Despite receiving a Tier 3 Taboo Skill, the Nine-headed Magic Snake’s combat power had not decreased in the slightest.

Not daring to be careless, Shi Feng hurriedly directed the Purgatory Demon to evade the beams and distance itself from the Ferocious Beast.

Anything the Snake’s beams touched turned into gray stone.

However, as the beast had fired nine gray beams, due to Shi Feng’s lack of control over the Purgatory Demon, he accidentally allowed one of the beams to strike on the Demon.

Instantly, the Purgatory Demon lost over 500,000 HP. Moreover, it was also afflicted with the Petrified state, stealing more than 200,000 HP every two seconds and 60% of its Movement Speed for 30 seconds.

“Isn’t this Petrification Skill a little too strong?!” Shi Feng used the Aura of Water’s Skill, Life Bloom, on the Purgatory Demon the moment he saw the debuff’s description.

While Petrified, not only would the Purgatory Demon lose massive amounts of HP, but the Nine-headed Magic Snake could also easily catch up to it due to the Movement Speed reduction. If that happened, the Purgatory Demon would be a goner in less than 30 seconds.

With Life Bloom, however, the Purgatory Demon’s HP recovered at an impressive rate.

Life Bloom recovered 60% of its target’s HP every second. With the Purgatory Demon’s 13,000,000 HP, even if the Nine-headed Magic Snake were more powerful, it would not instantly kill the Demon. Hence, for the next 40 seconds, the Purgatory Demon was nearly invulnerable.

Immediately, Shi Feng used the Purgatory Demon to lure the Nine-headed Magic Snake away from the massive stone doors.

Once the Ferocious Beast was 40 yards away, and Shi Feng was sure that it focused on the Purgatory Demon fully, Shi Feng activated Windwalk and dashed towards the stone doors.

Time ticked by, second after second. As Shi Feng approached the massive stone doors, his heart rate rose rapidly.

If the Nine-headed Magic Snake discovered him now, he would die without a doubt. Even if he relied on the temporarily-immortal Purgatory Demon, he could not stop the Ferocious Beast from grinding him to a pulp.

By the time Shi Feng arrived at the stone doors, over six seconds had passed. Meanwhile, the Purgatory Demon had lured the Nine-headed Magic Snake 100 yards away from the stone doors and desperately tried to pin it down, earning as much time for Shi Feng as possible.

To the Nine-headed Magic Snake, the Purgatory Demon was practically a toy. Again and again, the Ferocious Beast smashed the Purgatory Demon into the ground, damages in the hundreds of thousands appearing above the Demon’s head. The Purgatory Demon had no power to resist.

Without wasting any time, Shi Feng immediately inserted the Elemental Core into the small hole in the doors.

Suddenly, the magic arrays on the Elemental Core and inside the circular hole shifted and aligned. They then released a faint, golden light. The runes covering the pair of stone doors lit up, releasing a dazzling golden glow. A moment later, the chains around the stone doors began to shatter.

Faster!

Hurry up!

Shi Feng’s anxiety mounted as he watched the chains break, one after another.

There were over 20 chains around the doors, yet each one took a full second to break. It would take more than 20 seconds for the stone doors to open.

As the chains shattered, the initially weak Divine Might grew stronger.

This is bad!

Shi Feng frowned as he turned to the Nine-headed Magic Snake, which currently toyed with the Purgatory Demon. With the Divine Might growing stronger, even he could sense it clearly now, not to mention the Ferocious Beast that had guarded the doors all this time.

Sure enough, the Nine-headed Magic Snake sensed the increasing Divine Might, and it could not help but turn to look at the stone doors. Suddenly, it whipped its tail and sent the Purgatory Demon flying before turning and slithered towards Shi Feng.

Meanwhile, ten chains remained on the doors. With the Nine-headed Magic Snake’s speed, it did not need that much time to reach him.

With no other choice, Shi Feng directed the Curse Demon to use the Tier 3 Skill, Spiritual Blade, to attack the Ferocious Beast.

Spiritual Blade was not just a Magical Attack Skill; it was also capable of forcing its target into a Confused state for 15 seconds. The Skill could earn him enough time for the doors to open.

This time, due to the stone doors being unlocked, the Nine-headed Magic Snake did not bother blocking the Spiritual Blade. Immediately, the Ferocious Beast received over -300,000 damage, releasing a pained cry as its massive body slid to a halt. Its eyes glazed over slightly.

“Good.” Shi Feng unconsciously sighed with relief.

Although the Nine-headed Magic Snake possessed relatively high Magic Resistance, in the end, it was still only a Great Lord. A Tier 3 Skill should still be effective against it.

As the chains continued to shatter, the Ferocious Beast’s glazed eyes gradually regained clarity.

By the time the last three chains remained, the Nine-headed Magic Snake woke from its stupor. It then released an earth-shaking roar, its cold, amber eyes suddenly turning blood-red. Widening its mouths, it fired multiple gray beams once more.

The Nine-headed Magic Snake had spat a total of nine gray beams. Each one was more than enough to kill Shi Feng instantly. Moreover, the nine beams sealed off any path of retreat. Shi Feng had nowhere to go.

Immediately, Shi Feng activated his Replace Skill.

In the next moment, Shi Feng’s doppelganger lost all of its HP as it transformed into a gray statue. Following which, the doppelganger shattered, becoming dust that scattered in the wind. It could not resist the beams in the slightest.

Seeing Shi Feng vanish completely, the Nine-headed Magic Snake shifted its attention towards the Curse Demon.

Shi Feng immediately directed the Curse Demon to escape.

To the Nine-headed Magic Snake, however, the Curse Demon was simply too slow. After the Demon had taken a few steps, the Ferocious Beast caught up to it. With a whip of its tail, the Nine-headed Magic Snake sent the Curse Demon into a stone wall, destroying over 400,000 HP instantly.

In less than three seconds, the Curse Demon lost over 2,000,000 HP.

This is my chance. Shi Feng realized that all of the chains had finally broken. He activated Space Movement and arrived before the doors once more. Stretching out his hand, he twisted the Elemental Core.

As the Elemental Core produced a “click” sound, the massive stone doors gradually opened.

Turning to take a look, the Nine-headed Magic Snake froze. It had never imagined that Shi Feng would appear again. Thinking that its previous Skill had been too weak, all nine of the Great Lord’s heads stretched open their jaws once more. This time, however, the heads did not spit gray beams.

Suddenly, a massive threefold magic array appeared above the stone doors. The sky suddenly darkened as black winds moaned. The massive magic array covered a radius of 300 yards, and even the distant Purgatory Demon and Curse Demon were within the Ferocious Beast’s attack range.

Shi Feng’s excited expression dropped.

Shi Feng had seen this Spell before.

The Tier 3 Curse, Dark Gale. The Curse was a super-large-scale destruction Spell that lasted ten full seconds. At this moment, Shi Feng had no defense against this Spell.

The Seven Luminaries Ring was still on Cooldown, so he could not switch to the Aura of Earth or the Aura of Illusion. As for Defensive Blade, the Skill’s block counts were not enough to block the Dark Gale completely.

As the black gale tore at him, Shi Feng said his prayers as he activated Defensive Blade.

The wind devoured all life it touched. In the blink of an eye, the Defensive Blade’s nine block counts had been exhausted. Dark Gale had caused nine instances of damage in just one second. Even with his Tier 1 Defensive Blade, Shi Feng would not last two seconds.

Meanwhile, the Purgatory Demon and Curse Demon each lost nearly 500,000 HP every second. The Nine-headed Magic Snake’s damage was terrifying.

“What a pity.”

As the black wind surrounded him, Shi Feng felt somewhat disappointed. He was a thread away from opening and entering the stone doors. He had never imagined that the Nine-headed Magic Snake would be so vicious to use a Tier 3 Curse. Moreover, it was a super-large-scale destruction Spell. The Ferocious Beast gave him no chance.

As the black wind swept in for a second attack…

Suddenly, the threefold magic array in the sky began to disappear. The dark gale also dissipated into nothingness.

Before Shi Feng could figure out what was happening, the Nine-headed Magic Snake cried painfully as its body rapidly turned into stone. It then shattered into dust and rubble. Three shimmering items fell on top of the pile of rubble.

The sound of a system notification suddenly reached Shi Feng’s ears.

“This is…”