Chapter 693

Chapter 693 – Magic Weapon Against Magic Weapon

Traceless Blood was extremely fast. Everything happened in the blink of an eye.

The Assassin had not given Violet Cloud any opportunities to activate her Skills.

Traceless Blood had investigated Violet Cloud, so he knew the Cleric was very strong. If he gave her even a breath of time, it was possible that his assassination attempt would fail. Hence, he had taken his time, slowly and carefully approaching Violet Cloud and using Shadow Steps at its maximum range. This way, by the time Violet Cloud’s senses reacted, it would be too late.

The dagger covered in engraved, black runes tore through the air, colliding with Violet Cloud’s back.

With his first strike landing successfully, Traceless Blood immediately used the most powerful Skill of Assassins, Absolute Strike, instead of a different Skill like Backstab. Unlike Backstab, Absolute Strike did not require any specific attack motions, allowing for a faster strike.

Suddenly, Traceless Blood transformed into a black light that pierced through Violet Cloud.

After arriving in front of the Cleric, Traceless Blood spun in midair, using his dagger’s most powerful Additional Skill, Flowing Light, on the Cleric. Flowing Light’s single target damage was even higher than Absolute Strike. The Skill was also much faster, the entire process ending in less than a heartbeat.

“You!”

Traceless Blood’s eyes widened as he looked at his dagger in disbelief. No matter how much strength he put into his arm, his dagger could not pierce Violet Cloud’s pale golden robes. It was as if her robes were made of adamantine.

“You are quite impressive. If I hadn’t activated Absolute Space at the first sign of danger, I would have most likely been dead by now,” Violet Cloud said as she looked at the dagger with black runes. Those black runes looked very familiar to her. They were very similar to the runes unique to Magic Weapons. If the dagger wounded her, the consequences would be unimaginable.

Since his attack had failed, although Traceless Blood was shocked, he immediately turned and fled. He abandoned the idea of attacking Violet Cloud as he knew that he could no longer inflict damage on the Cleric. Moreover, he did not know the duration of the Cleric’s Absolute Space. While she had that protection, he was no more than a living target. His only options were to run and hide.

“You can’t escape!”

Violet Cloud did not dare give Traceless Blood an opportunity to escape. Absolute Space had a relatively long Cooldown. If she allowed the Assassin to get away, she would not be able to fend him off should he come back to attack her again.

Waving her finger, she used the Tier 1 Skill, Star’s Guidance.

Immediately, a powerful gravitational force pulled at Traceless Blood, dragging him back towards Violet Cloud.

What kind of Skill is this?! This was the first time Traceless Blood had seen such an unconventional Skill. He felt like small threads had wrapped around him, zealously pulling him towards his enemy.

As a last resort, Traceless Blood used his Control Removal Skill, removing the effects of Star’s Guidance.

“Sacred Seal!”

Seeing that her attack had failed, Violet Cloud used Sacred Seal, a Marking Skill of Clerics. Suddenly, a sacred light appeared on Traceless Blood’s forehead, preventing him from entering Stealth.

Damn it! She knows a Skill like this as well?! Traceless Blood began to panic. Not being able to enter Stealth was extremely disadvantageous for him. With this, he would not be able to sneak up on Violet Cloud later in the battle.

Shortly after Traceless Blood began to flee, a black figure dashed towards him.

“Don’t even think of escaping!” Shadow Sword lifted Tempest’s Breath and used Charge at the Assassin.

Since Traceless Blood had already used his Control Removal Skill, he had no choice but to use Wind Steps, utilizing the 1 second of invulnerability the Skill provided to block Shadow Sword’s Charge. Turning around, Traceless Blood then flipped his dagger into a reverse-grip and plunged the weapon into Shadow Sword’s abdomen.

Kidney Strike!

As long as the Skill forced the Berserker into a Fainted state for two or three seconds, it would be enough for him to get away.

Realizing that he could not block the incoming attack in time, Shadow Sword activated Whirlwind Slash, swinging Tempest’s Breath at Traceless Blood. Shadow Sword fully intended to trade hit for hit.

Seeing this, Traceless Blood had no choice but to halt his attack and retreat immediately, evading Shadow Sword’s Whirlwind Slash.

He was merely an Assassin. How could his normal attacks deal more damage than a Berserker? Moreover, he wore leather armor, whereas Berserkers wore plate armor. Even if his weapon were a Magic Weapon, a head-on clash could end with mutual destruction. Moreover, he currently occupied the rear line of the enemy’s formation. There were no healers to recover his HP. However, Shadow Sword was different. He had the assistance of a healer like Violet Cloud. The Berserker had no fear of a battle of attrition. Hence, when Shadow Sword attacked, there was no fear in his eyes at all.

After evading Shadow Sword’s attack, Traceless Blood immediately turned and fled, having no desire to continue his clash with the Berserker.

His opponents included an expert Cleric and an expert Berserker. He had very little confidence in defeating either one in a frontal assault, to begin with, not to mention fighting both simultaneously.

However, Shadow Sword had no intentions of letting the Assassin get away so easily. Immediately, he followed his failed attack with Break and Thunderclap. When the Movement Speed Reduction effects of both Skills were compounded, Traceless Blood lost any hope of escaping the Berserker.

Traceless Blood had no choice but to enter a melee with Shadow Sword.

Peng!

When the two weapons collided, dazzling sparks scattered into the surroundings.

The impact forced Traceless Blood to retreat by three steps, a grim expression appearing on his face when he noticed his opponent still standing steadily in his original location.

Why does he have so much Strength?! Traceless Blood acknowledged that his own Strength Attribute was quite high, even slightly higher than an ordinary Berserker. Yet, against Shadow Sword’s attack, this Berserker’s Strength overwhelmed him. The Magic Weapon he wielded granted him a significant amount of Strength. Even if Shadow Sword was superior in terms of Strength, the Berserker’s attack should not have been able to force him back by three steps. Even now, his hand still felt numb from the exchange. Zero Wing actually possesses so many top-tier experts?

Smiling, Violet Cloud finished chanting her incantation. She then pointed her finger at Traceless Blood.

Tier 1 Spell, Black Coffin!

A pitch-black barrier suddenly wrapped around Traceless Blood.

Having no other choice, Traceless Blood used Vanish. After activating Vanish, he would become invulnerable to all attacks momentarily. The Skill would also place him in a Forced Invisibility state for three seconds, followed by a Stealth state. Even Sacred Seal would not be effective during Forced Invisibility’s three seconds, and these three seconds were more than enough to put a huge distance between himself and the two experts.

“Vanish?” Shadow Sword had no counter for this Skill either.

This was the most powerful Lifesaving Skill an Assassin, one of the twelve major classes, possessed. Unless one had a Silencing Skill, it was extremely difficult to kill an expert Assassin.

Three seconds later, Traceless Blood reappeared far from Shadow Sword. At this range, even the Berserker’s Charge would not reach him. Moreover, Assassin was an Agility-focused class. In terms of Movement Speed, an Assassin was much faster than a Berserker. In addition, Traceless Blood also possessed equipment that enhanced his speed. There was no way that Shadow Sword could catch up to him at this point.

This was also why Traceless Blood had been able to escape after his assassination attempt on Galaxy Past had failed.

“What’s this?” Traceless Blood suddenly noticed a black magic array beneath his feet.

Although Traceless Blood struggled to get away, this black magic array was like a black hole. No matter how much he tried to struggle, he could not escape his fate of being devoured.

In the next moment, the black magic array swallowed the Assassin whole, his body vanishing without a trace.

When Traceless Blood saw light again, he was shocked.

“How is this possible?!”

He appeared a short distance from Violet Cloud once more. This time, however, he was surrounded by Mana Balls and Barriers of Light. The Berserker, Shadow Sword, also stood nearby. He had no options to flee the enclosement of the Barriers of Light.

“I already told you that you can’t escape.” Wielding a pitch-black key in her hand, Violet Cloud smiled at Traceless Blood and said calmly, “You have a Magic Weapon. I, too, have a Magic Weapon.”

To resolve a serious threat like Traceless Blood, Violet Cloud utilized her final trump card, Star’s Reminiscence. The Skill was also an Astromancer’s main weapon. One of the Skill’s effects was Spatial Imprisonment.

When activated, Star’s Reminiscence would lock a target in the specified space indefinitely. If the target wished to escape their imprisonment, their only option was to shatter the spatial barrier or have the user dispel the Skill. Meanwhile, the user’s Mana determined how much damage the spatial barrier could absorb. It was a Skill with terrifying effects. However, the Skill also had a very long Cooldown of two hours.

I’m actually going to die like this. Traceless Blood could not help but smile bitterly as he watched the Mana Balls that covered the sky and the Berserker that eyed him like a fierce tiger.