Chapter 704

Chapter 704 – Final Trump Card

The Blood Warrior launched one violent attack after the other, whereas Shi Feng desperately dodged and blocked the Special Elite’s attacks.

As they exchanged more attacks, Shi Feng refined his own actions, thinking of ways to deal faster damage.

-1,042.

-2,108.

-1,071.

…

One damage after another appeared above the Blood Warrior’s head, its HP decreasing at a rate visible to the naked eye.

Initially, Shi Feng had to dodge five attacks before finding the opportunity to strike. However, as he refined his movements and gained a firmer grasp on his situation, he was soon able to attack after dodging every four attacks.

In less than five minutes, the Blood Warrior’s HP fell to 30%. In contrast, Shi Feng had yet to receive any damage.

Just as the Blood Warrior’s HP fell below the 30% threshold, the crimson flames burning inside the skeleton’s eye sockets turned dark green. The two-handed saber in its hands disappeared, and in its place, two longswords appeared in each hand.

Damn it! Shi Feng scowled at the change.

There was a qualitative difference between avoiding a two-handed weapon and two one-handed weapons.

While the Blood Warrior had used a two-handed weapon, it signified that its attacks carried absolute power. A single strike was capable of sending him flying. However, as long as he managed to evade its attacks, victory would be within his grasp.

Now that the Blood Warrior used two one-handed weapons, however, the situation had changed. Although the power of attacks would lessen, it could double the number of attacks it dished out. To Shi Feng, who had relied on evasion to survive until now, this was an extremely disadvantageous situation.

The Blood Warrior’s sudden transformation had caught Shi Feng off-guard.

When the Blood Warrior launched its first attack, its blade moved as fast as the two-handed sword had, as fast as lightning. If he had not predicted the attack by the movements of the Blood Warrior’s joints, it would have struck him.

Against this first strike, Shi Feng abruptly turned sideways, allowing the silver longsword to brush past his chest. Just as Shi Feng thought of taking a step backward, the Blood Warrior’s other sword arrived before him.

Dang!

Sparks scattered.

The Abyssal Blade in Shi Feng’s hand barely blocked the Blood Warrior’s fatal strike in time. As a result, however, Shi Feng was forced to retreat by four steps before he could stabilize his body. Meanwhile, a damage of over -400 points appeared above his head.

The Blood Warrior’s destructive power with a one-handed sword was much weaker than with a two-handed saber. If Shi Feng had a choice, however, he would very much prefer the saber-wielding Blood Warrior.

I can only try my best.

Shi Feng quickly adjusted his footwork, using Void Steps as he saw the Blood Warrior coming in for a second wave of attacks. Suddenly, Shi Feng vanished from the Blood Warrior’s sight.

Shi Feng had no intentions of giving up this fight. Currently, the Blood Warrior had less than 70,000 HP remaining. If he strived for a little longer, he could defeat the Special Elite.

Whether it was against players, monsters, or NPCs, Void Steps was a very effective technique.

Only, Void Steps was not suitable against high-tiered monsters and NPCs as these individuals possessed Domains. The owner of a Domain could grasp every movement within their Domain. They had greater perception than what their vision provided, rending Void Steps useless.

However, the Blood Warrior was merely a Special Elite. Moreover, it was neither a high-intellect NPC nor a high-tiered monster. It could not cope with Shi Feng’s Void Steps at all.

After Shi Feng used Void Steps, he frequently disappeared and reappeared. Each time he appeared, he would inflict a significant amount of damage to the Blood Warrior. And every time the Blood Warrior tried to retaliate, Shi Feng would vanish, preventing the Blood Warrior from locking on to its target.

Although this move seemed like a Bug, this was Shi Feng’s final trump card, which he normally avoided using.

Void Steps combined of both footwork and breathing techniques. The burden on its user’s Stamina was only secondary. Its main downfall was the massive stress it placed on its user’s Concentration. Even though Shi Feng’s brain activity had improved significantly, utilizing Void Steps frequently was a double-edged sword. He did not know when the technique would backfire and hurt him.

Shi Feng used Void Steps more than forty times in a row, breaking his previous record. Meanwhile, the Blood Warrior’s HP fell rapidly. Now, it had less than 40,000 HP remaining. Shi Feng was also dizzy after using the advanced footwork so many times. He felt indescribable fatigue. However, if that were all, he could force himself through it.

Fortunately, before the battle began, Shi Feng had drunk a drop of Life Essence. Hence, both his Stamina and Concentration recovered rapidly right now. Otherwise, he would not have been able to stay conscious.

One hit… Two hits… Three hits…

The Blood Warrior could not resist in the least. It could only endure Shi Feng’s assault silently, its HP decreasing by the thousands.

Very quickly, the Special Elite’s remaining HP plunged from 40,000 to 30,000, from 30,000 to 20,000, and then finally falling to a critical state. In the end, Shi Feng suddenly appeared behind the Blood Warrior and thrust his sword through its back, destroying its final strand of HP.

I’ve really pushed myself to the limit this time. When Shi Feng saw the Blood Warrior fall, he breathed a sigh of relief and slumped on the ground.

If the battle had gone on any longer, Shi Feng would have exhausted himself, losing his ability to use Void Steps and his control over his body. He would become sheep at the slaughter.

Fortunately, he had succeeded.

After the Blood Warrior died, Shi Feng’s experience bar increased by a sizeable chunk. The EXP he obtained from the Special Elite was more than even a Level 50 Lord offered. Immediately, he reached 9% of Level 35.

Aside from providing Shi Feng with a large sum of EXP, the Blood Warrior also dropped a Level 50 Fine-Gold cape.

[Blood Refining Cape] (Fine-Gold Rank)

Level 50

Equipment Requirement: Strength 400, Agility 800

Defense +571

Strength +68, Agility +54, Endurance +56

Movement Speed +4

Evasion +15

Additional Passive Skill-

Conceal: Increases the difficulty to perceive the wearer.

Additional Active Skill-

Lightning Flash: Appear behind a maximum of four targets. Damage increased by 20%. Duration of 5 seconds.

Cooldown: 2 minutes

“What a good item.” Shi Feng’s eyes shone as he examined the Blood Refining Cloak.

Capes were extremely rare in God’s Domain. They were even rarer than rings and ornaments. Even now, the only other cape Shi Feng had found since joining God’s Domain in this life, and still used, was the Dark Pursuer’s Cape.

Although the Dark Pursuer’s Cape provided very minor buffs to his Attributes, the Skill, Silent Steps, that the cape offered was very powerful. It could even rival an Assassin’s Shadow Steps. Only, the Skill’s Cooldown was somewhat long. However, if used appropriately, it could set one up for an instant kill. In combat, such a Skill was far more valuable than Attributes.

However, now that he had the Blood Refining Cape, as soon as he fulfilled the Equipment Requirements, he would immediately replace the Dark Pursuer’s Cape.

The requirement of Level 50 was not a problem to Shi Feng as he had the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, which reduced items’ level requirements by 10 Levels. In other words, he could equip the Blood Refining Cape once he reached Level 40. Although the Seven Luminaries Ring also decreased the level requirement of all items by 5 Levels, in God’s Domain, this effect was not stackable. The highest effect would apply.

Aside from dropping the Blood Refining Cape, the Blood Warrior also dropped an ancient gold-rimmed book. The pressure this ancient book radiated even caused Shi Feng to shudder with fear.

Two large words graced the book’s cover.

Solomon’s Treasure!