Chapter 709

Chapter 709 – Birthday Party

High-rise buildings loomed over the bustling, downtown streets. However, there were two buildings that stood out from the rest: a pair of twin towers that were over 300-stories tall. The twin towers shone like the city’s emperors, overlooking all life inside the city limits.

These towers had long since become one of the symbols of Jin Hai City.

At the same time, the twin towers were also Jin Hai City’s famous 6-star hotel, the Blue Ocean Horizon.

Having a meal or staying a night in this hotel cost more than a month’s salary for an ordinary office worker. Normally, only Jin Hai City’s big-shots could afford to dine or rest here. Ordinary people could only watch from far away.

Zhao Ruoxi was the Zhao Group’s princess.

The Zhao Group’s influence in Jin Hai City was massive. Their yearly income was astounding. Furthermore, they were one of the Blue Ocean Horizon’s major shareholders.

Zhao Ruoxi stopped her car in front of the Blue Ocean Horizon’s entrance. Immediately, four valets came up and opened the driver’s door respectfully. When Zhao Ruoxi exited her car, the four valets were momentarily mesmerized. However, they very quickly snapped out of their daze.

Not only was Zhao Ruoxi an absolute beauty, but she also arrived in an impressively luxurious car. There was no doubt that her identity was extraordinary. She also exuded a noble aura. She was definitely out of their lowly reach.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng, who emerged from the other side of the car, similarly shocked the four valets, though in an entirely different way.

As the Blue Ocean Horizon’s valets, they had seen all sorts of people. Hence, they were quite confident of their judgment, particularly of a person’s attire. Although Shi Feng wore a very fitting suit, based on the suit’s design and fabric, they could immediately tell that it was nothing special. The suit was far below the Blue Ocean Horizon’s standards.

Is he a bodyguard?

The four valets wondered. However, they were surprised when Zhao Ruoxi slid her arm into Shi Feng’s as they made their way into the hotel. The valets’ eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. All four were utterly dumbfounded.

After entering the Blue Ocean Horizon, Zhao Ruoxi led Shi Feng to the Hotel’s top floor. There, one could view Jin Hai City in its entirety. The sight was breathtaking.

Many people already mingled inside the large, magnificent banquet hall. They were all famous figures and held influential positions within the city. Normally, it would be difficult to meet even one of them. Today, however, so many of these powerful figures had gathered here. One could just imagine how much influence the Zhao Group possessed.

“Is that the young lady of the Zhao Group?” a handsome young man in a white suit could not help but shift his gaze towards Zhao Ruoxi, who had just entered the hall. Unconsciously, he muttered, “If I can marry her, I won’t have to lift a finger for the next hundred years.”

“You?” Lan Hailong, who was dressed in a black, high-class suit, shook his head. Smirking, he said, “Duan Xianglin, you don’t recognize the man beside the young lady, do you?”

“Looking at how he’s dressed and his peasant-like temperament, do you think he could be a challenge for a prince of a major financial group like myself?” the youth named Duan Xianglin asked disdainfully.

Although the Duan Group could not compare to the Zhao Group, it was still one of the top ranking financial firms in Jin Hai City. If he wanted to, a group of beautiful women would flock to him with a wave of his hand. How could a lucky peasant possibly be a match for him?

Moreover, even if Zhao Ruoxi had taken a liking to the brat, the Zhao Group would never agree to the match.

“I guess it’s expected that you don’t know. After all, you only recently returned to the city. The man beside Miss Zhao is Shi Feng. He is the martial arts master who is currently in charge of the Big Dipper Training Center.

Duan Xianglin suddenly fell silent. Although he doubted the claim, Lan Hailong was a good friend of his. He had no reason to lie to him. Moreover, there was no point to such a lie, as the truth would come to light with a little investigation.

If Shi Feng had become an internal force expert at such a young age, it would not be surprising if he became a top-level international fighter in the future. They were currently living in the age of combat. The reputation and status an international fighter possessed were immense, and even an existence like the Zhao Group want to fawn over them, not to mention a small financial group.

Lan Hailong had a complex look in his eyes as he watched Shi Feng enter the banquet hall.

Not too long ago, Shi Feng had merely been a minor character, yet the youth had become someone who even he looked up to. However, Lan Hailong did not look up to Shi Feng due to his title as a martial arts master, but due to Zero Wing!

Among everyone present, only Lan Hailong truly knew how amazing Shi Feng was.

Currently, God’s Domain’s popularity grew by the day, with major corporations investing in the game with fervor. One could already imagine what kind of future the game would offer its experts.

Although the Shadow Guild under his control had developed fairly well so far, compared to Zero Wing, Shadow was a joke.

Shadow was just one of the many Guilds in White River City. However, Zero Wing had become the city’s absolute overlord.

Even Stone Forest Town, which every Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom lusted after, had fallen under Zero Wing’s control. The Stoneclaw Mountains were Zero Wing’s backyard.

If Zero Wing continued developing at this rate, it might even be possible for the upstart Guild to become Star-Moon Kingdom’s overlord. The Guild’s influence at that time could easily be surmised with one word—frightening. Meanwhile, Lan Hailong had heard that Shi Feng had become one of Zero Wing’s upper echelons. Hence, how could he possibly not be impressed?

It would have been awesome had I managed to form a close relationship with him. It is all that foolish Ling Feilong’s fault! He made me lose such a perfect opportunity! Even now, Lan Hailong grew angry whenever he thought about Ling Feilong. However, he had long since banished Ling Feilong from Shadow Workshop, severing all ties with the foolish bastard. Otherwise, in the off chance Ling Feilong managed to provoke Shi Feng, he would cry himself to death if Shi Feng mobilized Zero Wing to deal with Shadow.

—

Inside one of the luxurious rooms on the top floor banquet hall:

Two middle-aged men conversed quietly. One wore a silvery-gray suit, while the other wore a set of white robes. When Zhao Ruoxi entered the room with Shi Feng, the two men ended their conversation immediately and shifted their gazes towards Shi Feng.

“Old Zhao, this must be the little brat you’ve been talking about, right? Indeed, I am impressed,” the white-robed man could not help but utter words of praise after giving Shi Feng a rough evaluation.

Zhao Jianhua, who wore the silver suit, said happily, “Of course! Didn’t I say that Ruoxi’s foresight is much better than mine?”

“Second uncle!” A faint blush appeared on Zhao Ruoxi’s cheeks. Hurriedly explaining, she said, “It’s not what you think!”

“I get it; I get it,” Zhao Jianhua nodded, giving his niece an understanding look.

While Zhao Jianhua poked fun at Zhao Ruoxi, Shi Feng focused his attention on the middle-aged man beside Zhao Jianhua. Shi Feng could feel the aura of a martial artist coming off of this man. However, his aura was different from that of experts like Lei Bao.

Standing before this white-robed man, Shi Feng felt as if this man’s aura dominated the room.

It felt as if the white-robed man were the ruler of this space.

A Domain? Shi Feng could not help his shock. However, he quickly denied this thought. No, that’s not right. This isn’t a Domain. Having a Domain is like forming a separate world around oneself. Owners of Domains have absolute control within their Domains. These existences can no longer be considered human. The danger they give off is also on a whole different level.

Although the white-robed man before him was not as powerful as Martial Dragon, he was not far from achieving a Domain, either.

Just who is this? Shi Feng wondered as he watched the white-robed man before him.

There were extremely few internal force experts in the world. However, looking at the man before him, Shi Feng judged that not only was he an internal force expert, but he was also a monster who was close to grasping a Domain.

Such a character had actually appeared in a small place like Jin Hai City. It was truly inconceivable.