Chapter 707

Chapter 707 – God Sword

As Shi Feng gradually opened the Treasure Chest, a golden ray of light escaped from the wooden box.

Hua!

The golden light merged with Shi Feng’s body.

Shi Feng immediately felt a renewed and improved strength, his accumulated fatigue weakening significantly.

System: Completely Random Treasure Chest has been activated. Rewarding 10 points to Hidden Attribute: Fortitude.

“A Hidden Attribute as a reward, I’ve lucked out this time,” Shi Feng muttered as he clenched his fists. He could feel his fatigue lessening.

Fortitude was the most important Attribute among the Four Great Hidden Attributes.

Hidden Attributes would not increase a player’s damage. Similarly, it would not decrease the damage a player received. However, they were far more useful than Basic Attributes. Unfortunately, Hidden Attributes would not increase with a player’s level. They would only increased through special means.

Meanwhile, Fortitude was somewhat similar to a monster’s Mana Body.

First, it decreased the impact external injuries had on a player’s combat power.

The second effect was to decrease Stamina and Concentration consumption during battle, allowing players to fight for longer periods.

Third, it reduced the impact Stamina and Concentration depletion had on a player’s combat power.

Due to these three major effects, players thirsted for the Fortitude Attribute. It was especially true for experts.

Expert players normally incorporated certain combat techniques during battle. These combat techniques placed a heavy burden on their Stamina and Concentration. Take Void Steps for example. Although the burden on Shi Feng’s Stamina was minimal, it was a massive burden on his Concentration. Hence, Shi Feng had to limit how often he used the technique in his fights.

If a player’s Fortitude was sufficiently high, they could use such combat techniques far more often. In turn, this would improve their chances of victory.

In addition, against high-tiered monsters such as a Grand Lord or monsters that possessed Special Skills that could reduce a person’s Stamina and Concentration, Fortitude was a severe advantage.

In the past, there had been a Tier 5 player that had become famous due his monstrously high Fortitude.

Berserker Saint Broken Flow.

Due to his extraordinarily high Fortitude, he opted to fight battles of mutual destruction. With such tactics, Broken Flow had even defeated those whose strength and techniques were superior to his. As a result, Broken Flow had become one of the Twelve Sacred Berserkers.

As God’s Domain was still in its initial stages, it was extremely difficult to obtain the Fortitude Attribute with players’ low levels. Even Shi Feng did not know of any good methods to gain the Hidden Attribute at his level. Normally, players would only begin to encounter the Hidden Attribute after Level 50.

Moreover, of the methods and quests Shi Feng knew, the majority only rewarded one or two points of Fortitude. The fact that he had managed to obtain 10 points now had saved him plenty of time and effort. Hence, Shi Feng was quite satisfied.

With how he had profited from opening the Disaster Treasure Chest for the first time, Shi Feng quickly proceeded to open it a second time.

The second time he opened the Treasure Chest, he obtained the Tier 3 Magic Scroll, Thunder’s Wrath. It was a Tier 3 large-scale destruction Spell and covered an area of 100 yards.

The third time Shi Feng opened the Treasure Chest, a black beam struck him, and his Agility Attribute permanently decreased by 25 points.

To ordinary players, a 25 Agility point loss was massive. Even after obtaining their Tier 1 classes, they would have to level up three times to make up lost points. To Shi Feng, however, the loss was acceptable.

The Abyssal Blade already provided with an additional 2 Free Attribute Points each time he leveled up. In addition to the Golden Stigmata, a loss of 25 Agility would not affect him too badly.

When players reached Tier 2, the amount of Free Attribute Points they obtained with each level up increased to 20. At that time, it would be easy to make up for this loss.

There were also plenty of tools that could permanently increase a player’s Attributes. In fact, Shi Feng knew of a few that were relatively easy to obtain. Moreover, he had already obtained 10 Fortitude and a Tier 3 large-scale destruction Spell. Those two were more than enough to make up for this meager setback.

When Shi Feng opened the Completely Random Treasure Chest for the fourth time, he was struck by a purple beam.

System: You have been cursed. EXP gained from killing monsters decreased by 70% for ten days.

“Fortunately, I still have plenty of options to level up,” Shi Feng frowned slightly as he saw his new punishment. Very quickly, however, he dispelled the disappointment from his mind as he muttered, “With two punishments in a row, let the last be a reward!”

Shi Feng then opened the Treasure Chest for the final time. This time, a purple-red potion appeared inside the wooden box.

[Dragon Slayer Potion] (Consumable)

Increases all Attributes by 100% and all Resistances by 100 points for 1 minute.

Cooldown: 3 hours

“This potion is insane!” Shi Feng could not help his shock.

In Shi Feng’s memories, the best potion he had ever seen only increased a player’s Main Attribute by 100% and offered a small amount of Magic Resistance. The Dragon Slayer Potion, however, actually increased all Attributes by 100%. This was, by far, the most intense Attribute increase Shi Feng had ever seen a potion offer.

Even the effects of the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath’s Activatable Skill, Heavenly Dragon’s Power, could not compare to this.

If he drank this potion, it would be the equivalent of wearing an additional Legendary item. He could challenge opponents of a higher Tier.

Unfortunately, the Treasure Chest only rewarded one Dragon Slayer Potion. If he could produce more, the Flower of Seven Sins would be no more than a flea to Zero Wing.

After using all five draws, the Completely Random Treasure Chest disappeared. Shi Feng then stored the Dragon Slayer Potion away and took out Solomon’s Treasure to begin sorting through the information he had gained regarding Solomon’s Sword.

After using an Ancient Document, the information that flowed into the user’s mind only offered a general summary, whereas the detailed information was recorded inside the Ancient Document.

After Shi Feng studied the information for several hours, he finally understood how he could obtain one of God’s Domain’s Ten Great Legendary Weapons, Solomon’s Sword.

The complete Solomon’s Sword had long since disappeared. It had been shattered during the Great Destruction. Solomon’s Sword broke into five fragments and had been scattered throughout God’s Domain. Later, different people had found each of these fragments. These people had recast the shattered fragments to form new weapons.

Each of these new weapons contained an immense power. However, due to the passage of time, the inhabitants of God’s Domain had forgotten about Solomon’s Sword. Instead, these five weapons had shaken God’s Domain with their might, their names passed down by the common populace.

As the fragments of Solomon’s Sword had not been equal, the might of the new weapons differed from each other. Among the created weapons, the most famous was the third-ranking sword on God’s Domain’s Famed Swords List, Broken Steel. Broken Steel was leagues stronger than Shi Feng’s Abyssal Blade.

There is no need to think about Broken Steel right now. With my current strength and level, it is impossible to obtain. I can only approach it slowly. Shi Feng was extremely familiar with Broken Steel. However, he could not go after it right now.

In the past, among the Twelve Sacred Swordsmen, the number one Sword Saint used none other than Broken Steel. Shi Feng had also witnessed the sword’s might personally.

Although it was not a Legendary Weapon, its Attributes and Skills were not much weaker than a Legendary Weapon.

If he could obtain Broken Steel in this life, his strength would soar to unspeakable heights.