Chapter 705

Chapter 705 – Whereabouts of a Legendary Item

“This is Solomon’s Treasure?” Shi Feng could not help his surprise.

Originally, he had thought Solomon’s Treasure would be a mountain of gold or an ocean of silver. It should at least be a high-ranking Treasure Chest. However, he had never expected Solomon’s Treasure to be a book.

“Could it be an Epic item?”

Thinking so, Shi Feng picked up the ancient book.

The pressure the book radiated instilled fear into anyone who neared it. This was a power that only an Epic ranked or above item possessed.

In God’s Domain, although Epic Weapons and Equipment were precious, Epic tools were far more rare.

Take the Bible of Darkness for example.

Even without occupying an equipment slot, it increased a player’s strength significantly. This was a benefit that no weapon or piece of equipment could provide.

After Shi Feng picked up the book, he was suddenly alerted of a system notification.

System: You have obtained the Ancient Document “Solomon’s Treasure.” Do you wish to activate the Ancient Document?

“So, it’s an Ancient Document.” Excitement appeared on Shi Feng’s face upon hearing that the book was actually an Ancient Document. “No wonder it’s called a treasure.”

There were many kinds of books in God’s Domain. Some were meant for reading, some could be used to learn Skills, and some offered their own abilities. The Bible of Darkness belonged to the third category. In addition to these three, there was another category that was extremely rare and special—the Ancient Document.

Ancient Documents held records of God’s Domain. However, players that obtained an Ancient Document had only one chance to activate it. Upon activation, players could obtain one of God’s Domain’s secrets.

Although this seemed trivial, in the past, players in God’s Domain had gone crazy over a single Ancient Document.

In the past, Ancient Documents sold in the Blackwing Auction House at much higher prices than even Fragmented Legendary items.

Why were they worth so much money?

They were so valued because an Ancient Document could unlock the whereabouts of a Legendary item, offering players a high chance of obtaining one for themselves.

Of course, aside from Legendary items, one could also learn the whereabouts of powerful Super Skills or tools. However, with the goal of growing stronger, a Legendary item was undeniably the best choice.

Legendary items in God’s Domain were extremely limited. One had to expend unimaginable effort to claim one. One needed luck and strength.

Every Legendary item was extremely difficult to obtain. Moreover, the game would never reveal a Legendary item’s exact location to players, only clues.

Unfortunately, clues were never 100% accurate, and most of the clues relating to Legendary items were likely traps.

Even after a long search, one might find nothing but a dead end, realizing that all their effort had been for naught.

In the past, to obtain a single Legendary item, many large Guilds had mobilized every available Guild force, spending a large amount of time to gain some clue. With the many clues they obtained, they would search for the location of said Legendary item. One could just imagine the manpower and resources that the search required. Hence, even after mobilizing an entire Guild, the chances of successfully claiming a Legendary item were quite low.

However, one could locate a Legendary item with an Ancient Document. There was no need to check every clue they had obtained. Hence, Ancient Documents were precious and valuable.

“It seems that my trip wasn’t a waste.” Shi Feng grinned as he looked down at the Ancient Document in his hands.

Although he had quite a few clues regarding Legendary items, he did not actually know how to obtain them as no player would ever reveal such high-level secrets. In the past, those who had obtained Legendary items kept a tight lid on any information. Shi Feng had only found a few clues after his Guild invested in quiet investigation.

Although it is impossible to obtain a Legendary item at my current level, knowing the precise whereabouts of one will allow me to prepare. Shi Feng then clicked to activate Solomon’s Treasure.

After Shi Feng confirmed his decision, Solomon’s Treasure opened and released a blinding, golden glow. In the next moment, a fivefold magic array appeared before Shi Feng. Countless runes danced inside the magic array.

Suddenly, the space surrounding Shi Feng froze. Shi Feng’s connection with the outside world severed completely.

System: Ancient Document, Solomon’s Treasure, activating…

System: Beginning connection with the Main God System…

System: Verification completed. Ancient Document confirmed as the Sixth Volume of Solomon’s Book. Allowing connection with God’s Domain’s database…

System: Connection with God’s Domain’s database is successful. You have one chance to access God’s Domain’s database. Please enter desired inquiry.

Luckily, I know the name of a Legendary item. No one else would have any idea of what to search for. Shi Feng’s grin deepened. Immediately, he entered the words “Solomon’s Sword.”

System: Searching for information on Solomon’s Sword…

System: Search completed. Confirming data on Solomon’s Sword…

System: Confirmation completed. Do you wish to accept the information?

Shi Feng then clicked to accept.

Shi Feng felt a plethora of information relating to Solomon’s Sword flow into his brain. The system displayed a total of 3,687 clues before him. Immediately, Shi Feng felt a headache coming on.

Verifying one clue was an extremely difficult task, not to mention 3,687. Even a large Guild would go mad if it had to verify every one of these clues.

At this point, Shi Feng came to understand one thing.

Those who had found Legendary items were either players who had received the blessing of the Main God System and possessed heaven-defying luck, or they were as frightening powerful as Super Guilds. Not only did Super Guilds have an abundance of members at their disposal, but they also possessed monster-like experts. Only with this kind of manpower could they search for a Legendary item. It was practically impossible for a third-rate or second-rate Guild.

“I didn’t think that all of the clues I gained in the past were all fakes. Fortunately, I haven’t attempted to verify those clues. Otherwise, I would have wasted a ton of time,” Shi Feng said, relieved.

Among the 3,687 clues listed, the system only confirmed five as legitimate. In other words, only these five clues could lead him to Solomon’s Sword, one of the Ten Great Legendary Weapons.

If Shi Feng had not obtained the Ancient Document, he would never find Solomon’s Sword.

Of the 3,687 clues, every clue required a long time to verify. The easiest clue required one to spend two or three days’ time, while the more difficult clues required up to half a month to verify. Moreover, due to level restrictions, Shi Feng would not be able to visit many of these places yet. Even if he only needed to spend one day verifying each clue, it would still take ten years to plow through them all…

Without the Ancient Document, obtaining Solomon’s Sword was a dream.

After receiving the information, Shi Feng grew somewhat dizzy. Suddenly, the sound of another system notification reached his ears.