Chapter 708

Chapter 708 – Five Clues

As the most powerful sword among the weapons recreated from the fragments of Solomon’s Sword, Broken Steel was, naturally, the most difficult to obtain among the five weapons.

Even if Shi Feng wanted the challenge of obtaining it right now, only death would await him.

Shi Feng carefully researched the five clues.

Among the five recreated weapons, three could not be obtained before reaching Level 100. He could only attempt to find two while he was below Level 100.

Among these two weapons, the easiest was located at the Top of the World.

“Dragon’s Maw?” Shi Feng fell into deep thought when he realized where the clue led him.

The Dragon’s Maw was one of the regional maps found at the Top of the World. It was a Level 60 map. However, the area was far more dangerous than any ordinary Level 60 map.

Based on what Shi Feng had heard about the Dragon’s Maw, the map had even claimed the lives of many Tier 4 players. Moreover, they had died tragically. Not only had they lost some EXP and a piece of equipment, but they also permanently lost Basic Attributes upon death.

Even Shi Feng wasn’t sure how much they had lost exactly.

However, the fact that a Level 60 map had even caused the deaths of Tier 4 players was more than a little intimidating.

The Dragon’s Maw was only a short distance from Mount Sogar. Shi Feng only needed to travel across two leveling areas. If he left the Blood Refining Passage, he could reach the map quickly. However, with his current strength, he was more than 90% certain that he would die there. Shi Feng did not particularly mind dying. However, the risk of losing Attributes outweighed the gains.

If he wished to increase his chances of obtaining the weapon hidden in the Dragon’s Maw, the best option was to go there after reaching Level 50 and completing his class change.

Fortunately, he didn’t have to worry about someone else claiming the weapon before him.

If one wished to travel to the Top of the World through normal means, they would need the strength of a Tier 4 class at the very minimum. Unless, of course, they possessed a Tier 4 Position Teleportation Scroll. However, such an item was extremely rare. A second Tier 4 Magic Scroll would most likely not appear in God’s Domain for a long time. Hence, the chances of players reaching the Dragon’s Maw were practically non-existent.

Just as Shi Feng prepared to leave the Blood Refining Passage and grind monsters nearby, he suddenly heard the sound of a system warning.

“What? I’ve used up the Nutrient Solution already? Didn’t I just replace it yesterday?” This sound was very familiar to Shi Feng. If the Nutrient Solution were about to run out, the system would warn him. “But it’s already four in the afternoon right now. I should log out and get some rest.”

Shi Feng had spent practically all of his time killing Blood Fighters in the Blood Refining Passage. He had not logged out to train or relax. Now that he had completed his quest, this was a good time for him to take a break.

Having made his decision, Shi Feng logged out of God’s Domain.

Inside the luxurious bedroom, the lid of the pure-white virtual gaming cabin slowly lifted. Shi Feng emerged.

The sun illuminated his room, shining on a wide array of modern electronic smart devices displayed before Shi Feng.

As the Big Dipper Training Center’s luxury villa, an ordinary apartment could never compare to the Greenwater Villa. Artificial Intelligence managed the rooms, and whatever Shi Feng wanted done, he only needed to issue the command, and the Villa’s AI would complete the task. It was an extremely convenient place to live.

After exiting the virtual gaming cabin, Shi Feng felt an indescribable physical weakness.

Sure enough, I exhausted myself during my fight with the Blood Warrior. Shi Feng smiled bitterly.

Although he had always focused on improving his brain’s activity, it was simply too difficult to get his hands on S-rank Nutrient Fluids. Even if he were the one providing the money, Big Dipper could only procure a limited quantity. To nurture Fire Dance and the others, he kept only five bottles for himself. Hence, he would use them conservatively.

This was the reason that he did not use Void Steps unless absolutely necessary.

However, this quest had been very important. If he had been unable to defeat the Blood Refining Warrior, he would not have obtained the Ancient Document or discovered Solomon’s Sword’s whereabouts.

Following which, Shi Feng drank two bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluid before he recovered from his weakened state.

S-rank Nutrient Fluids really are impressive. It’s unfortunate that even Big Dipper can’t obtain more in a short time. Otherwise, if I had a large supply, I could push Fire Dance and the others into the Refinement Realm quickly. Shi Feng sighed with disappointment.

Both Fire Dance and Violet Cloud had long since set half a foot into the Refinement Realm. However, neither could break past the final hurdle, entering the new world.

Otherwise, with Fire Dance and Violet Cloud’s equipment, their combat power could rank among the top five experts throughout Star-Moon Kingdom.

There were many expert players in God’s Domain. Neither the Red List nor the God’s Domain Experts List could take into account every expert in Star-Moon Kingdom. Among these experts, many were still unknown, hiding frightening combat power.

Take the members of Midnight Tea Party for example. In the past, during God’s Domain’s early stages, the majority of the independent team’s members had been unknown existences. However, every one of them possessed astonishing strength. Only, their goals differed from other players, so they had never bothered to make themselves known to the public.

However, with Fire Dance and Violet Cloud’s equipment advantage, there was a very high possibility that they would rank among the top five in the kingdom once they reached the Refinement Realm.

Just as Shi Feng was about to head to the gym to train, his quantum watch rang as his class’s female monitor, Zhao Ruoxi, called.

Zhao Ruoxi’s smiling face appeared on the screen. With a cold voice, she asked, “Shi Feng, do you remember what today is?”

Shi Feng was about to ask, but after hearing Zhao Ruoxi’s tone, he immediately came to a realization.

He had previously agreed to attend Zhao Ruoxi’s birthday party. However, due to God’s Domain, he had completely forgotten about the event…

Although Zhao Ruoxi wore a warm and elegant smile, Shi Feng knew how angry his classmate actually was.

As if she had known that Shi Feng would forget about her birthday, Zhao Ruoxi sighed as she said, “My car is parked outside the villa. You have thirty minutes.”

“I’ll be right there!” Shi Feng hurriedly began to tidy himself.

Roughly ten minutes later, Shi Feng emerged from the Greenwater Villa.

Zhao Ruoxi wore a navy blue dress and a pure white ribbon atop her head. Her long, silky hair swept down to her waist, her prideful figure even rivaling Gentle Snow’s in God’s Domain. As she stood beside her luxury sports car, passersby could not help but turn to look at her.

“Who is that? She’s so beautiful!”

“She’s even more beautiful than our school’s beauty! I wonder who she’s waiting for?”

Some of the men training at the Big Dipper Training Center drooled as they stared at Zhao Ruoxi. However, as this was the Greenwater Villa, the person living here was definitely someone extraordinary. Hence, the most they did was look, none of them daring to approach Zhao Ruoxi.

“You’re finally here! Get in!” Zhao Ruoxi, who had initially worn a displeased expression, revealed a happy smile when she saw Shi Feng. “Hurry up! We should still be able to make it in time if we leave now.”

“What’s the rush? Isn’t the party at six?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

“You’ll understand once you get there.” Zhao Ruoxi revealed a proud smile. Pretending to be mysterious, she said, “However, when the time comes, you’ll definitely be shocked.”

“Shocked, huh?” Shi Feng simply smiled in response, no longer probing the matter as he slid into the car.

Zhao Ruoxi then stomped on the accelerator, her sports car rolling up a cloud of smoke as it left the Greenwater Villa.