Chapter 714

Chapter 714 – Engineering Tool

The floor of the crater was very dark. As a result, Shi Feng was caught completely by surprise when the dozen or so shadows suddenly appeared. He did not have time to direct the Tier 3 Demon to protect him.

Seeing three fist-sized shadows fly straight at him, Shi Feng immediately switched the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Aura of Wind to the Aura of Earth and activated Absolute Defense.

Suddenly, a pale yellow glow surrounded Shi Feng’s body. The black shadows created massive tremors when they crashed into the golden barrier.

The powerful impact Shi Feng sent flying more than ten yards away.

After receiving the bombardment, Shi Feng managed to uncover the black shadows’ true identity.

[Quartz Worm] (Special Elite)

Level 60

HP 420,000/420,000

These Quartz Worms were made of black quartz crystals. In addition to their small bodies and astounding speed, they were extremely difficult to detect in this darkness. Although these Special Elites had low HP, their Attack Power was frighteningly high.

So many Quartz Worms would even kill a Tier 2 player instantly.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had Absolute Defense. Even though these Quartz Worms were Level 60 Special Elites, they could not break through the Aura of Earth’s Activatable Skill.

However, as the seconds ticked by, more Quartz Worms started to appear.

In the blink of an eye, nearly 60 Quartz Worms had surrounded Shi Feng. He could not help but shiver as he felt the numerous beady, bright red eyes on him.

These Quartz Worms gave Shi Feng no opportunities to escape as they surrounded him and barraged him with a stream of attacks.

As each second passed, Shi Feng could hear several dozen crashes. It felt as if someone were firing an automatic rifle at him. Shi Feng had no resistance to offer whatsoever.

When Absolute Defense’s duration came to an end, Shi Feng would die.

The Quartz Worms here could drown a player to death. Shi Feng was relieved that he possessed a Skill such as Absolute Defense. Otherwise, even if he came here after reaching Level 50 and obtaining his Tier 2 class, death would be the only outcome awaiting him.

With only two seconds remaining before Absolute Defense vanished, the Tier 3 Demon standing a distance away began to chant an incantation, casting the Tier 3 Spell, Oblivion Storm, over the area where Shi Feng stood.

Oblivion Storm was a Tier 3, large-scale destruction Spell that had an effective area of 50 yards. It could easily envelop Shi Feng and the Quartz Worms.

Suddenly, a massive blue magic array appeared in the air. A massive tornado then descended from the magic array.

They were all, Shi Feng and the Quartz Worms, sucked into the tornado and assaulted by countless wind blades from every direction.

Immediately, the Quartz Worms’ HP decreased at a rate visible to the naked eye. Meanwhile, the tornado sent Shi Feng flying into the sky.

The moment Absolute Defense’s duration was about to end, Shi Feng immediately stopped the Tier 3 Demon from channeling its Spell.

Suddenly, the tornado vanished.

Glancing at the Quartz Worms that were over a hundred meters in the air, Shi Feng realized that the Special Elites only had a small amount of HP remaining. The lower HP ones had around 10,000 to 20,000, while the higher HP worms had around 30,000 to 50,000. If Shi Feng had not stopped the Demon’s Spell, these Quartz Worms would have died.

However, if Shi Feng had not stopped the Spell, he, too, would have died.

Hovering in midair, both player and monsters, neither of which could fly, began to descend.

Shi Feng quickly activated Gravity Liberation, slowing his descent to less than one-tenth of his initial speed. At the same time, he directed the Tier 3 Demon below to cast the Tier 3 Spell, Scorching Gale, over his and the Quartz Worms landing area.

Scorching Gale was not a large-scale destruction Spell. Rather, it was a cone AOE Spell with a range of 20 yards.

Not only had Oblivion Storm sent its targets into the air, but it also gathered them into a single area. Hence, Scorching Gale could easily envelop the landing zone. However, due to the difference in their speed of descent, the Quartz Worms had landed while Shi Feng still floated down.

Suddenly, the Tier 3 Demon fired countless flame blades from its hands, the burning attack devouring the Quartz Worms.

-104,189.

-110,467.

…

Damages over -100,000 appeared above the Quartz Worms. The low HP Special Elites could not endure the flaming assault.

Only after Scorching Gale finished did Shi Feng land. Loot and Quartz Worm corpses littered the ground. Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s experience bar rose rapidly.

The Quartz Worms were Level 60 Special Elites. Although the EXP they rewarded was less than what ordinary Level 60 Special Elites offered, it was still a lot more than Level 60 Elites.

Moreover, Shi Feng was only Level 35 right now. The bonus EXP he obtained from fighting monsters that were 25 Levels higher than him was impressive. However, the bonus EXP one could obtain through killing monsters of a higher level was not without limit, capping at 20 Levels. Hence, players’ EXP would, at most, increase by 20 times.

Even so, an increase of 20 times would still provide Shi Feng with an exaggerated amount of EXP.

After this brief battle, Shi Feng had gone from 9% of Level 35 to 98% of Level 35. He was only 2% away from reaching Level 36. At this level, he could rank at the top of Star-Moon Kingdom’s Ranking List.

Currently, the number one player on Star-Moon Kingdom’s Ranking List only approached Level 35. They still needed to grind for half a day before crossing the threshold to Level 35.

“This method of leveling isn’t bad at all.” Shi Feng could not help his grin as he looked at the EXP he had obtained.

Unfortunately, Special Elites were not easily discovered. Even in the Stoneclaw Mountains, an Asura Mode Regional Dungeon, so many Special Elites would not appear at a single time. In a group of one hundred Elite monsters or so, roughly eight or nine Special Elites might tag along. Hence, it was nearly impossible to find large groups of Special Elites such as the Quartz Worms to grind on.

Moreover, the Tier 3 Demon’s Tier 3 Spell, Oblivion Storm, had a relatively long Cooldown of 70 minutes. Unfortunately, the Demon did not have any other combination attack that could kill a group of Level 60 Special Elites instantly.

Most importantly, it would be very difficult for Shi Feng to locate so many Quartz Worms again.

After Shi Feng had wiped out the wave of Quartz Worms, silence returned to the area. The only Quartz Worms in the area were the corpses on the ground.

Although the Quartz Worms had not provided much EXP, the loot they dropped was relatively good. Moreover, Shi Feng had the Luck-increasing Icarus’s Heart. The 60-plus Quartz Worms had dropped quite a bit of Level 50 or above Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Equipment. The Special Elites had even dropped an engineering design.

“Glare Bomb?” Shi Feng was delighted.

One could produce many interesting items with engineering. However, very few engineering items could be used in combat.

Take the Frost Grenade for example. Not only could it cause damage, but it also possessed a control effect. Sadly, only Master Engineers could produce such items. Moreover, the designs were extremely difficult to obtain. Yet, if one tried to purchase these items, their prices were extraordinarily high. Ordinary players could not afford to use them.

The Glare Bomb was not as advanced as the Frost Grenade. It could not inflict any damage. However, it was very easy to produce. The materials required were not particularly rare. Hence, it was one of the most common tools in field battles.

The Glare Bomb could temporarily blind all creatures within its range, though its effect on players was reduced.

After Shi Feng finished arranging the loot and was about to leave the area…

For some reason, the external layer of stone on the statues began to fade, revealing these statues’ original appearance.

Every one of these restored individuals radiated a frightening aura. Shi Feng felt an immense pressure from these creatures and was overcome by a desire to flee.

However, these unpetrified individuals had noticed Shi Feng.