Chapter 710

Chapter 710 – The Mysterious Shi Feng

Ever since Shi Feng’s brain activity had improved, his senses had become extraordinarily sharp.

The white-robed man before him hid his strength very well. Currently, he felt like the quiet ocean that would accommodate everything. He felt comfortable to be around. In front of this man, Shi Feng could not find it in himself to generate any hostility at all.

However, it was precisely because of this that Shi Feng was afraid of him.

He had honed his senses through countless life and death battles in God’s Domain. Particularly, after his brain activity had improved, it had become a lot harder for others to put his mind at ease.

However, the white-robed man’s every action easily slipped through his warning senses.

If the man before him suddenly decided to strike, the consequences would be dire.

“Young man, you are really impressive. You have actually become one of Zero Wing’s upper echelons at such a young age. Sure enough, Zero Wing has hidden itself quite deeply,” the white-robed man said in a very friendly tone as he smiled at Shi Feng. “Ah, right. I haven’t introduced myself. I’m Yuan Tiexin, an Elder of the Secret Pavilion.”

“Shi Feng, haven’t you been playing God’s Domain for some time? Uncle Yuan is an expert of the virtual gaming world’s older generation. Although he might not be a match for you in real life, in virtual reality games, he might be even more powerful than you! This is a good chance to ask him for some guidance,” Zhao Ruoxi said, her lips unconsciously curling into a smile when she saw Shi Feng’s surprised expression. Before this, Shi Feng had maintained a calm composure. He had always been the one to hold the initiative. Now that she watched something fluster Shi Feng, she could not help but feel a little proud of herself.

Shi Feng was speechless when he saw Zhao Ruoxi’s joyous look.

Yuan Tiexin was a hidden expert in the truest sense of the word. Both in fighting and gaming, the middle-aged man was far above him.

It was a fact that he had played God’s Domain for more than a decade now. However, one’s superiority was not determined by the amount of time one played God’s Domain. Otherwise, there would not have been so many players stuck at Tier 2, unable to advance to Tier 3, even after ten years. One also had to take into account aspects such as opportunity, talent, and luck.

For example, most people would live out their lives in obscurity; some would spend only a few years to reach astounding heights that others would never touch throughout their entire lives.

God’s Domain was similar in this manner.

Shi Feng was not so arrogant as to think that he was invincible in God’s Domain. He had only utilized his memories to obtain certain opportunities.

“Little girl, you speak too highly of me. Young man, I was only interested in meeting you after hearing Ruoxi say that she’d bring someone promising, one of Zero Wing’s upper echelons. To suggest asking me for guidance…I’m not that amazing of a person. You can just call me Uncle Yuan,” Yuan Tiexin said, chuckling as he shook his head. “Let’s have a seat before we continue our chat.”

Although Yuan Tiexin had spoken casually, Shi Feng did not dare to be careless around the man.

The Secret Pavilion was not just any Guild. It was an existence that everyone in the virtual gaming world knew. The Secret Pavilion specialized in collecting and selling information on the major powers of various games. The Secret Pavilion ability to compile the God’s Domain Experts List showed how skilled it was in gathering information.

“Uncle Yuan, you’ve constantly talked about Shi Feng’s status in Zero Wing. Is Zero Wing an amazing Guild?” Zhao Ruoxi asked curiously.

Zhao Jianhua was also curious.

Yuan Tiexin had mentioned Zero Wing multiple times now and had even praised Shi Feng’s potential. After knowing Yuan Tiexin for so long, this was the first time he had seen the man react in such a way.

Although he did not have much contact with virtual reality games, he knew that Yuan Tiexin’s status in the virtual gaming world was quite high.

Particularly, after God’s Domain became popular, Yuan Tiexin’s status had grown with it. Many major international corporations had tried to contact Yuan Tiexin, some going as far as fawning over him. Although their Zhao Group possessed some status and wealth in Jin Hai City, they were nothing compared to those major international corporations. They were not even on the same level. Yet, such powers fawned over Yuan Tiexin.

Although this was Zhao Ruoxi’s birthday party, Zhao Jianhua had been surprised that he had convinced Yuan Tiexin to attend.

Zhao Jianhua knew Yuan Tiexin’s itinerary. Today, he should be meeting with the upper echelons of a major international corporation, yet he had come here instead.

The man had not attended out of respect for Zhao Jianhua, either.

He had joined them today to meet Shi Feng.

Thinking up to this point, Zhao Jianhua could not help but inwardly sigh. However, he was also pleased.

“You two might not know this since you don’t play God’s Domain, but Zero Wing is a very popular Guild in the virtual gaming world. It has caught the attention of various parties. Based on my understanding, even Open Source Corporation has set its eyes on Zero Wing, going so far as to offer a high price to purchase some of the Guild’s shares. However, Zero Wing had rejected OSC,” Yuan Tiexin exclaimed.

“Open Source Corporation? The Open Source Corporation which focuses on trading New Energy?” Zhao Jianhua did not dare believe it to be true. Hence, he wanted to confirm if the Open Source Corporation Yuan Tiexin mentioned was the major corporation that he knew.

“Yes. I was quite shocked when I received the news. I never thought that the youngsters these days would act so impulsively. There are countless Guilds hoping to gain OSC’s financial support. This is my first time hearing of someone actually refusing OSC’s offer.” Yuan Tiexin nodded. Chuckling, he said, “I’ve come here for two reasons. First, I wanted to see Ruoxi. Second, I wanted to meet this upper echelon of Zero Wing that I’ve heard so much about in the hopes that I can arrange a meeting with the incomparably mysterious Guild Leader, Black Flame. I wonder if I can have the honor?”

Zhao Jianhua and Zhao Ruoxi were dumbfounded when they heard Yuan Tiexin’s words. They shifted their gaze towards Shi Feng.

Rejecting Open Source Corporation’s investment was shocking enough. They had never imagined that Yuan Tiexin had actually come here in person to obtain Shi Feng’s help…

For a moment, both Zhao Jianhua and Zhao Ruoxi’s minds were blank.

However, as the person of interest, Shi Feng wore a calm expression as he said, “Since Uncle Yuan wishes to meet my Guild Leader, I will try my best to get in touch with him for you. However, the Guild Leader has always been a busy man. I cannot guarantee that he will be willing to meet with you; I hope that Uncle Yuan can forgive me.”

“Certainly. I also hope you will pass on a message to Guild Leader Black Flame for me. The Flower of Seven Sins has begun to act,” Yuan Tiexin said very confidently. “I believe that once Guild Leader Black Flame receives this information, he will accept my request.”

When Shi Feng heard the news of the Flower of Seven Sins taking action, his heart involuntarily shuddered, a serious expression appearing on his face.

The Secret Pavilion had obtained this information; there was no need to question its authenticity.

Since Yuan Tiexin had reported that the Flower of Seven Sins was on the move, it meant that Exemplary Willow was willing to pay the Flower of Seven Sins’ price.

Aqua Rose had already told him that the Guild’s upper echelons were rapidly growing stronger. At this moment, three of them had reached the eighth floor, and seven people had reached the seventh floor. As for everyone else, they were all at the late stage of the sixth floor. The Flower of Seven Sins’ price was undoubtedly astronomical.

Has that woman lost her mind? No matter how Shi Feng thought about it, this was not a worthy tradeoff. Unless…