Chapter 713

Chapter 713 – Silver

Firewing Empire, Firewing Imperial Capital:

“Tiexin, were your negotiations successful?” a white-browed youth wearing a pair of frosty robes asked, shifting his gaze towards Yuan Tiexin, who had just entered the room.

Yuan Tiexin was one of the Elders of the Secret Pavilion, his position within the Guild very high. Moreover, he was already 50 years old this year.

Yet, despite the white-browed youth directly calling Yuan Tiexin by his personal name, the latter did not show any signs of dissatisfaction. On the contrary, Yuan Tiexin carefully handed over the contract he signed with Shi Feng to the youth in a very respectful manner and said seriously, “Just like Guild Leader has surmised, Black Flame was very incisive in making a decision. We can now begin constructing our Guild Residence at Stone Forest Town immediately.”

If Shi Feng were here right now, he would definitely be shocked.

After all, the Secret Pavilion’s Guild Leader was actually a young man.

“Ah, thanks for your hard work. Have Wen Yao bring the kids there, then. This time, we can let those kids get a chance to widen their horizons a little. Ever since God’s Domain’s launch, the virtual gaming world has not been as nice a place to mingle around in as it had been.” The white-browed youth took a glance at the contract and accepted it with satisfaction. He then turned to look at Yuan Tiexin, smiling as he asked, “Tiexin, just ask whatever is on your mind.”

“Guild Leader, the Flower of Seven Sins has already targeted Zero Wing. If we include those other people as well, there is simply no chance for Zero Wing to protect Stone Forest Town. Aren’t we just making an unnecessary move with this?” Yuan Tiexin could not help but ask.

“This can’t really be considered an unnecessary move. I am simply hoping to have Zero Wing test out the Flower of Seven Sins. If we can get the others to expose themselves as well, we will have profited in this exchange,” the white-browed youth replied, laughing. He then took out a document and placed it before Yuan Tiexin, saying, “You’ll know once you take a look at this.”

Yuan Tiexin was inwardly very confused at the youth’s words. He promptly began flipping through the document.

“How could this be?!” Yuan Tiexin was shocked. “That Silver has appeared? Is there some sort of mistake here? Zero Wing is merely an upstart Guild. Although that Black Flame indeed possesses some ability, it is not to the degree where it is necessary for Silver to take action, right?”

“Whether Silver will be taking action personally or not, I am not sure. However, it is certain that he will be going with the group that’s going to attack Zero Wing. If he is willing to take action, this will be the perfect opportunity for us to gather some information on him,” the white-browed youth said, shaking his head. Silver was part of the upper echelon of the Flower of Seven Sins. Even for the Secret Pavilion, obtaining information on Silver was extraordinarily difficult. Meanwhile, a perfect opportunity to do so had just appeared before them, and he did not wish to let the others from the Flower of Seven Sins ruin this opportunity.

If the other members of the Flower of Seven Sins defeated Zero Wing swiftly, then a superior like Silver would naturally not take action because Zero Wing simply did not possess this qualification. However, if Zero Wing could force the Flower of Seven Sins into a bitter battle, the possibility of Silver taking action would be much higher.

“Guild Leader, can I go as well?” Yuan Tiexin, who was usually calm and collected, currently had a hint of excitement in his eyes.

Silver was an existence akin to a legend in the virtual gaming world. Every time he took action, he would cause an earth-shattering sensation. However, the people who knew of him were extremely few, as the various major powers would take the initiative to keep this information hidden, giving ordinary powers no chance to learn about Silver at all.

“Go if you want to, but don’t arouse any suspicions. It will be best if you go in disguise,” the white-browed youth replied. He then took out a dark gray ring with purple elvish words engraved on it, the ring itself giving off the glow effect unique to Dark-Gold items.

“I understand.” Yuan Tiexin’s heart began beating madly when he heard the youth’s words. He then picked up the ring and hurriedly left the Guild Leader’s office.

—

The Top of the World, the Dragon’s Maw:

The Dragon’s Maw was a map filled with steep and winding paths, and these paths extended down towards a bottomless crater. The crater looked just like a massive mouth that was trying to devour everything.

At this moment, Shi Feng was standing at the entrance of a small path, looking down at the sight before him.

No wonder this place is called the Dragon’s Maw. It’s simply impossible to see the bottom of this crater from out here. Everywhere around this place is sending my alarm bells ringing. This really isn’t a place for ordinary people. As Shi Feng took a look at his surroundings, he could feel a premonition of death coming from all around the Dragon’s Maw. Yet, strangely enough, he could not see any signs of danger here.

There was not a single monster present within his field of vision. Nevertheless, his intuition was warning him that he might lose his life at any given moment, should he set foot on the path before him.

This time, however, Shi Feng had no choice but to ignore his intuition and step forward.

The assassins from the Flower of Seven Sins possessed overwhelming strength.

With a force of over 30 Refinement Experts, seven Flowing Water Experts, and one Void Expert, who were all geared in Level 30 top-tier equipment, not to mention killing Zero Wing’s main force, the group could even attempt to kill a Super Guild’s main force.

In Zero Wing, aside from Shi Feng himself being a Flowing Water Expert, there was nobody else within the Realms of Refinement. Even with the advantage in Attributes, Shi Feng knew very clearly that Zero Wing’s main force stood no chance at all against so many Refinement Experts. The outcome would be the same even if they had the Power of Darkness.

After all, if even the members of Zero Wing’s main force possessed Berserk Skills, how could it be possible for these Refinement Experts not to have obtained one for themselves?

Even if not everyone from the Flower of Seven Sins had managed to get their hands on a Berserk Skill, as long as there were a few who had, these few people could easily annihilate Zero Wing’s entire main force.

Whether it was Aqua Rose, Violet Cloud, or Fire Dance, all three of these girls possessed massive potential. Unfortunately, having potential did not necessarily mean they were strong right now.

If they had several years’ time to grow… No, even if it were just half a year’s time, if he properly guided them and helped them fully realize their potential, no doubt they would be able to cream these experts. However, there was simply not enough time right now.

From the report of the Secret Pavilion, Shi Feng knew that the Flower of Seven Sins was still in the process of making preparations, which might take anywhere from three to five days. Hence, it was highly possible for them to take action within these three to five days. However, he did not possess a method to improve everyone’s strength significantly within such a short timespan.

The improvement of combat techniques required time and accumulation of experience, not to mention setting foot into the unfathomable Realm of Refinement.

Despite Fire Dance and Violet Cloud being just a thread away from entering the Refinement Realm, no matter what they did, they were unable to achieve a breakthrough. Even Shi Feng had no methods to assist them in breaking through.

Otherwise, the Refinement Realm would not have become the great divide that differentiated ordinary experts from top-tier experts in God’s Domain.

Even Super Guilds would find it very difficult to nurture a Refinement Expert.

Although there was the option of bringing Fire Dance and the others to level up, the possible improvements through this method were limited. Within four or five days, the most he could do was help everyone in the main force gain two more levels.

The first reason for this was because everyone was already high-leveled now. The amount of EXP they required to level up was a lot.

The other reason was that, while he was capable of killing monsters that were many levels higher than himself, the others could not. At most, they could only serve as support. If the EXP of the monsters he killed were to be split among 100 players, the overall leveling speed of Zero Wing’s main force would only be slightly faster than an ordinary expert’s.

Rather than doing such a futile action, Shi Feng decided to go all-out.

Although Solomon’s Sword had been broken into five parts, even the weakest fragment could improve a person’s strength to a very frightening degree.

As long as he could obtain the weapon hidden inside the Dragon’s Maw, it might be possible for him to pull off an upset in the upcoming battle with the Flower of Seven Sins.

As Shi Feng walked deeper into the crater along the small path, he used the Magic Amplification Scroll once more to summon a Level 52 Tier 3 Demon, to deal with unexpected situations.

However, even after walking for more than three hours, Shi Feng did not encounter a single monster. His surroundings were deathly silent. Occasionally, he could also hear agonizing screams as if an invisible ghost were standing right beside him.

Not wishing to waste too much time, Shi Feng activated Wind Rider and quickly descended the path. Finally, after traveling for another two hours or so, he arrived at the bottom of the crater.

“Statues?”

At the dark bottom, Shi Feng discovered many lifelike stone statues carved in the form of various creatures: humans, Elves, Half-orcs, and many more. Every single one of these statues had an expression of horror on their faces. It was as if they had seen something extremely terrifying.

Before Shi Feng could further analyze these statues, the sounds of stone shattering entered his ears. He quickly shifted his eyes towards the source of the sounds, discovering more than a dozen black shadows moving about. These black shadows were tiny, roughly the size of an ordinary person’s fist. However, their speed was horrifying; it was practically impossible for the naked eye to keep up with them. Most importantly, every single one of these shadows gave Shi Feng a heavy sense of dread.

Meanwhile, these black shadows were currently approaching Shi Feng at lightning speed.