Chapter 717

Chapter 717 – Taboo City

The Mana density here is intense.

Standing in the mist, Shi Feng suddenly felt his mind become clear and ethereal. He could see the mist’s true colors.

In God’s Domain, when players found themselves in places with high Mana density, their minds would clear, and they would feel more energetic. This greatly aided in the improvement of their Skill Completion Rates and combat techniques.

With such a high Mana density, the boost one could get in this area is no less than the Hundred Berry Wine. If players fight and level up here, they could see improvements at least five or six times faster. It’s a pity that this area isn’t easy to access.

When Shi Feng opened his system interface, he discovered that he could not contact with the outside world at all. H, he had also discovered Undead roaming down the lifeless city streets. Fortunately, they were not very high-leveled.

[Suffering Soul] (Undead, Elite Rank)

Level 60

HP 450,000/450,000

[Ghoul] (Undead, Special Elite)

Level 60

HP 700,000/700,000

These half-transparent Suffering Souls and Ghouls wandering about the city were not particularly numerous. A Level 60 party should be able to handle these monsters very easily.

Whether it was leveling up or improving one’s Skill Completion Rate, grinding monsters here would be beneficial.

After examining his surroundings briefly, Shi Feng took out an Isolation Scroll and used it. He then descended from the rooftop carefully and headed towards the Palace indicated on the map.

The city had long since died. Shi Feng could see various statues haunting the city streets. These statues had all been citizens who had received the curse. However, it was unlikely that killing those Undead would lift the curse. Shi Feng would have to deal with the problem at its source.

Based on Shi Feng’s understanding of the Thunder Beast Empire, only one person was capable of cursing an entire city.

Thunder Emperor Kaiser!

Emperor Kaiser had been a Tier 5 Sword Saint. He had only been a step away from becoming a Tier 6 God. Unfortunately, it had been so close, yet so far.

To players, the promotion from a Tier 5 class to Tier 6 required great opportunities, luck, and strength. It was even more so for an NPC. For example, in the past, even the Dark-Gold Guard Kite, with his vast potential, could only be promoted to Tier 5. It was practically impossible for him to reach the realm of Tier 6.

According to the legend, in order to pursue eternal life, Emperor Kaiser had mobilized his empire to carry out a taboo.

Looking at it now, it was highly possible that said taboo was related to the curse currently plaguing the imperial capital.

Damn it! The city is already in ruins, so why are there still guards?!

Shi Feng stood on the roof of a building one street away from the Palace, his eyes locked onto the mechanical guards stationed on either side of the Palace gate.

[Thunder Beast Guard] (Grand Lord)

Level 200

HP ? ? ? ? ? ?/ ? ? ? ? ? ?

The Thunder Beast Guards’ levels were just too high, so Shi Feng could not see how much HP they had. However, he could confirm one thing; their HP was mind-bogglingly high.

Normally, Grand Lords had six HP bars displayed. The Thunder Beasts had ten.

Furthermore, there were a total of eight Thunder Beast Guards…

The Thunder Beast Empire’s strength left Shi Feng in awe.

Shi Feng had visited plenty of empires before. However, this was his first time seeing such powerful mechanical guards.

The Palace was also protected by a magic array. In order to enter the Palace, Shi Feng would either have to destroy the magic array or enter through the front gate.

The first option of destroying the magic array was obviously unrealistic.

Even a Tier 6 God would find it difficult to destroy a magic array that carried such dense Mana, not to mention a Tier 1 Swordsman like Shi Feng.

Yet, entering through the main gate was also unrealistic.

Even a Level 200 Tier 4 class would not dare to provoke eight Level 200 Grand Lords simultaneously. Shi Feng was only a Level 37 Tier 1 Swordsman. The Thunder Beast Guards would send him to oblivion long before he ever reached the Palace gates.

Shi Feng had thought of using a Tier 3 Demon as bait.

However, due to the gap in levels, rather than luring the Guards away, he might draw the Guards’ aggro himself.

Do I have to give up just like this? Shi Feng was frustrated. He observed his surroundings in hopes of finding a solution.

After watching from the rooftop for some time, Shi Feng suddenly discovered something interesting.

There were plenty of Undead roaming the streets in front of the Palace. However, not a single Suffering Soul came within 200 yards of the palace gates. Only a few Ghouls would wander near.

Meanwhile, when a few occasional Ghouls and Suffering Soul tried to wander towards the gates, the Thunder Beast Guards vanquished them immediately. Only those few Ghouls remained unharmed.

The Thunder Beast Guards should be absolutely neutral. They should regard both players and monsters as enemies. So why are those few Ghouls safe?

Shi Feng was very curious. He even summoned a Tier 3 Demon, directing it to capture a few Ghouls from elsewhere and throwing the monsters towards the main gate.

Without exception, the Thunder Beast Guards annihilated every Ghoul.

This is interesting. Shi Feng could not help his smile as he watched the few Ghouls wander about before the gates.

He then directed the Tier 3 Demon to hide and waited for those few Ghouls to wander out of the restricted area.

Minutes and seconds passed quickly. However, Shi Feng did not rush.

To Shi Feng, who had taken on many adventures and quests in God’s Domain, patience was the foundation of success.

After more than an hour, a Ghoul finally exited the 200-yard restricted area. Like an eagle hunting its prey, Shi Feng directed the Tier 3 Demon to nab the Ghoul. No matter how hard the Ghoul attacked and struggled, it could not break free from the Demon’s grasp. With a flap of its black wings, the Demon put more distance between itself and the restricted area.

The Tier 3 Demon then brought the Ghoul before Shi Feng, its hand gripped the Ghoul tightly, preventing the Special Elite from moving. Meanwhile, Shi Feng activated Omniscient Eyes to inspect just what differentiated this Ghoul from the others.

The Ghoul was actually able to deter even the Thunder Beast Guards from attacking it.

The Ghoul had mutated from a human’s corpse. It still wore the noble’s clothes it had worn in life.

There had been nobles among the Ghouls the Guards had killed. Could it be that this Ghoul had possessed a higher rank while it was alive? After observing the Ghoul for some time, Shi Feng failed to discover any clues. However, he did not believe that the Main God System would have him complete this high-level quest for no good reason.

For a quest in a Level 60 map, even a Legendary Quest, Level 60 players should be able to complete it.

However, even Level 200 players would not be able to get past the Thunder Beast Guards before him, much less Level 60 players. At the very minimum, it would take a team of ten Level 200 Tier 4 players to defeat them.

Forget it. Let’s kill it as an experiment. In any case, there are a few more Ghouls I can experiment with. In the end, failing to discover any peculiarities, Shi Feng had the Tier 3 Demon finish off this Ghoul.

When the Ghoul died, it transformed into a bundle of meat and green liquid. It also dropped a few Silver Coins and some other items. Its loot was no different from the Ghouls Shi Feng had killed before.

“Huh? This is…”