Chapter 715

Chapter 715 – Thunder Emperor

With the eyes of these revived individuals on him, Shi Feng did not dare to make any sudden movements.

Every one of these NPCs, be it human, Elf, or Half-orc, had an astounding and intimidating level.

Level 150!

Even a Common monster at this level could kill Shi Feng effortlessly, not to mention the humans and Elves, both of which were Tier 3 classes.

“Young man, was it you who saved us?” a middle-aged human male asked as he turned to Shi Feng, his previous aura vanishing suddenly.

This middle-aged man was a Tier 3 Great Mage. Even in White River City, he would be considered an incredibly powerful individual. Players would find it difficult to gain an audience with such a character.

“I’m not really sure. I merely cleared out the Quartz Worms residing here,” Shi Feng said truthfully, calming after seeing no evil intent among these NPCs.

Hearing Shi Feng mention the Quartz Worms, these Level 150 NPCs examined their surroundings, bewilderment appearing on their faces. It was obvious that they, too, were unsure of the situation.

After these NPCs had a quiet chat among themselves, the Tier 3 Great Mage named Carrian Walker walked up to Shi Feng.

“Although we are not sure of what happened exactly, we’re certain that your actions saved us. As a show of our gratitude, we’ve unanimously decided to gift you this item,” Carrian Walker said. He then took out a purple-gold, lightning-shaped emblem and carefully handed it over to Shi Feng. “This emblem is our Imperial Army’s Honorary Emblem. We hope that you will accept it.”

Shi Feng accepted the emblem. When he inspected the information, he was shocked.

[Thunder Emperor’s Emblem]

This is the Honorary Emblem of the Thunder Beast Empire. This grants the wielder Honorary Citizenship within the Thunder Beast Empire.

Wasn’t the Thunder Beast Empire destroyed long ago?

Shi Feng knew quite a bit about God’s Domain’s history. The Thunder Beast Empire had been one of the extremely powerful empires in God’s Domain. During its peak, its territory encompassed over a dozen kingdoms. On the continent of God’s Domain, not a single kingdom or empire dared to act against it.

The ruler of the Thunder Beast Empire had been the Thunder Emperor Kaiser.

However, according to God’s Domain’s historical records, to pursue eternal life and become a God, Kaiser had broken many taboos. As a result, his actions had earned the anger of the Gods as the imperial capital had suddenly disappeared. Following the capital’s disappearance, the Thunder Beast Empire had split into multiple kingdoms.

At this point, the Thunder Beast Empire had long since faded from existence.

Naturally, this Thunder Emperor’s Emblem also held no meaning whatsoever.

“Young adventurer, although we have been freed, we have many companions still living under the curse. We hope that you can save them. If you succeed, we will present to you the empire’s greatest treasure,” Carrian Walker said as he looked at Shi Feng, his clear expectation reflecting in his eyes.

“Are you not coming with me?” Shi Feng could not help but ask.

Carrian Walker shook his head and said, “Our time in this world has long since run out. Although the curse has been lifted, our strength wanes. Moreover, as we approach that place, we lose strength faster. At this point, only you can save our companions.”

“Alright, then. I promise you. Where do I have to go to save your companions?” When Shi Feng heard about the empire’s treasure, he thought that it might be related to the weapon he hunted.

The clue he had obtained had indicated that the weapon hid within the Dragon’s Maw.

As it had been an extremely powerful empire in the past, the Thunder Beast Empire must have amassed countless treasures. The weapon he looked for might very well occupy the empire’s treasury.

Rather than searching for the weapon blindly, he might as well accept this quest.

“We are merely people who had escaped the imperial capital. Our companions are still trapped in the capital. This is a map of the imperial capital. Hopefully, it will be of some help to you,” Carrian Walker said. He then took out a map of the imperial capital and passed it to Shi Feng.

System: Epic Quest “Empire’s Past” accepted.

Quest content: Save the people inside the imperial capital within ten days. If the quest is not completed within the allotted time, you will be inflicted with the Petrification Curse. Rewards unknown.

An Epic Quest with a time limit of ten days? Shi Feng was immediately stunned upon hearing the system notification. He had never imagined that the quest would be so difficult.

However, after giving it some thought, he found it reasonable.

The weapon he sought was no trivial item. How could the game offer it up so easily?

After Shi Feng accepted the map, he summoned another Tier 3 Demon. With two Tier 3 Demons leading the way, it would be much easier to deal with the Quartz Worms.

Now that Shi Feng had a map, his progression into the Dragon’s Maw’s maze of the underground tunnels became a lot easier.

After Shi Feng reached the Dragon’s Maw’s second underground layer, many Demonic Beasts appeared in the dark tunnels. With a single glance, Shi Feng counted over 500. The monsters squeezed tightly together as they blocked Shi Feng’s path.

[Giant Petrified Rat] (Demonic Beast, Elite Rank)

Level 60

HP 300,000/300,000

Without hesitation, Shi Feng directed the two Tier 3 Demons to clear out these Rats.

When the Giant Rats saw the two Tier 3 Demons, they released ear-piercing screeches one pounced on the Tier 3 Demons. They showed no fear of the two Tier 3 Demons.

Normally, even monsters would fear a powerful enemy, yet these Giant Rats were unafraid.

Shi Feng used one Tier 3 Demon to attract these Giant Petrified Rats’ attention while the other Demon cast a Tier 3 Spell.

The Petrified Rats had very high Attack Power. Even against a Tier 3 Demon, their bites dealt over -1,000 damage. If these Elites faced an MT player of the same Tier, they could easily devour half of said player’s HP.

Meanwhile, these Giant Petrified Rats attacked in groups of a dozen or so. They would instantly devour players of the same level. Only a Tier 3 Demon with 9,000,000 HP could withstand their assault for long.

“This is…”

Shi Feng suddenly noticed that the Tier 3 Demon that held off the Rats began to show signs of petrification. A portion of its body had already begun to turn a dull gray.

Could this be why even Tier 4 players have fallen here? Shi Feng did not believe that these Giant Rats were capable of defeating a Tier 4 player with only their powerful bites. However, it was a different story if they could petrify their targets.

Looking at the Tier 3 Demon’s statistics, although it had lost less than 1% of its HP, an additional Petrification Value had appeared. Currently, the Demon displayed a Petrification Value of 0.84%, and with each bite from the Giant Rats, that value increased slightly.

Needless to say, once this Petrification Value reached 100%, even if the Tier 3 Demon still had 100% of its HP remaining, it would turn into stone.

So this is how they work. Shi Feng could not help but breathe a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, he had only used his summoned Demons to attack. If he had faced these monsters himself, the consequences would have been dire.

The Tier 3 Demons he summoned could last five hours. With the increment rate of the Petrification Value, although they would not last a full five hours against these monsters, they should have no problems fighting for three or four hours. Fortunately, he could summon a new Demon once every three hours. In other words, he could rely on his summoned Demons to fight for him, having no need to worry about being petrified or any hindrance to his progress.