Chapter 724

Chapter 724 – Sacred Sword Killing Ray

The God Banishing Domain very quickly spread beyond the Palace.

As mist began to gather above the Thunder Beast Courtyard, the foggy imperial capital gradually clearing.

After a dozen or so minutes, the mist covering the Thunder Beast Imperial Capital had disappeared.

As the fog faded, the power of the curse that plagued the imperial capital began to weaken. The Ghouls and Suffering Souls wandering about the streets had started to die. Meanwhile, the humans, who had been petrified for hundreds of years now, recovered from their stone-like state.

System: Epic Quest “Empire’s Past” completed.

Quest reward: 50,000,000 EXP.

To ordinary players, 50,000,000 EXP might be a lot, but to Shi Feng, who needed double the EXP to level up, he needed several hundreds of millions of EXP to reach the next level. Hence, the effect 50,000,000 EXP had was limited.

“I’ve finally finished this quest.”

Shi Feng sighed in relief when he heard the system notification. All he had left was collecting his reward from Carrian Walker.

Epic Quests not only offered bountiful rewards, but they also had severe penalties for failing.

Although Shi Feng did not know how the Petrification Curse would affect him, in the event that he failed the Epic Quest, there was no escaping the loss of some Levels and Attributes.

After Kaiser finished sealing the passage to the Endless Abyss, he sent the Great Demon King Andros back as well. Meanwhile, Kaiser stood quietly alone beside the bottomless pit.

“Adventurer, here is your Bible of Darkness.” In the blink of an eye, Kaiser appeared before Shi Feng and passed the Bible of Darkness back to him carefully. “Thank you for helping me. Without your help, the curse would still have its grip on the capital’s citizens. I don’t have much to give you as thanks, so here; I will give you this sword that I had used during my younger days.”

Saying so, Kaiser took out an immaculate long sword and handed it to Shi Feng.

Initially, Shi Feng had dreamed of receiving one of the Sacred Swords that hung from Kaiser’s waist.

This was the first time Shi Feng had ever seen a weapon that could freeze the space around it.

However, the longsword the Thunder Emperor offered him was also extraordinary. The hilt was snow-white, while the blade was aquamarine in color. Divine, golden runes were etched on the aquamarine blade. Overall, the sword looked as if it were made of clear gemstone. One could also see blue arcs of electricity appear around the sword.

When Shi Feng placed his hand around the hilt, a cold sensation seeped into him from the sword. Suddenly, he felt his mind clear. When he moved the sword, he could feel space flow away from the blade. With a gentle swing, the aquamarine longsword transformed into a streak of lightning, moving instantly from one side to the other.

Isn’t this sword a little too impressive?! Shi Feng stared at the aquamarine longsword in disbelief. He could feel a higher compatibility rate with this sword than what he had with the Abyssal Blade. His speed with the sword, however, was what shocked him the most. Even when he achieved maximum speed with the Abyssal Blade, the Magic Weapon was still significantly slower than this sword. It was as if this sword could enhance his speed.

“I happened to come across this Sacred Sword while exploring an ancient ruin. The sword’s name is Killing Ray. I ask that you cherish it,” Kaiser said. The Thunder Emperor could not help but reminisce about his youth when he looked at the aquamarine longsword.

His Thunder Emperor title was largely due to this Sacred Sword, Killing Ray.

When Shi Feng heard of the sword’s name, he immediately grew ecstatic.

Killing Ray was one of the thirty-six Famed Swords in God’s Domain, and it was one of the fragments of Solomon’s Sword that he was searching for.

Killing Ray was different from the Abyssal Blade. The Abyssal Blade was a Magic Weapon, but Killing Ray was not. No matter how often he used it, he would never have to fear a curse or Backlash.

Immediately, Shi Feng called up the Attribute Panel for the Sacred Sword, Killing Ray.

[Killing Ray] (One-handed Sword, Sacred Sword, Epic Rank)

Level 30 – Level 120

Equipment Requirement: Strength 700

Attributes adjust according to user’s level.

Attack Power +760 (Level 30)

Strength +70, Agility +64, Endurance +55

Attack Speed +20

Ignore 20% of the target’s Defense.

When equipped:

Strength increased by 15%, Agility increased by 10%, and Attack Speed increased by 10%

Ignore Levels +20

All Sword Skills +3 Levels

All item level requirements reduced by 5 Levels.

Attacks have a 40% chance to trigger Lightning effect, increasing Attack Speed by 50% and damage by 240%.

Additional Skill 1-

Summon Lightning: Summons lightning to deal 400% lightning damage to enemies within a range of 15 yards and inflict the Numb effect for 5 seconds. Afterwards, attack range increased by 20 yards for 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 2-

Thunder God’s Descent: Become immune to all Control Skills, Movement Speed and Attack Speed increased by 150%, damage increased by 50%, and all damage received decreased by 50% for 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 hour

A Sacred Sword created by the Godsmith Arnold using a piece of mysterious sword fragment. Killing Ray is one of the thirty-six Famed Swords of God’s Domain, ranking 20th. It was once a sword used by the Thunder Emperor Kaiser. Allows the wielder to have the speed of lightning. When fighting against darkness-type creatures, damage increased by 100%. Can be evolved. Cannot be destroyed.

Such powerful Attributes! Shi Feng was stunned speechless as he examined Killing Ray’s Attributes. No wonder it ranks 20th among the thirty-six Famed Swords. Sure enough, it is even stronger than the Abyssal Blade.

Regarding Attack Power or Basic Attributes, Killing Ray was much stronger than the Epic Weapon Petrified Thorn he had previously obtained. However, the Sacred Sword’s Attributes were not its most amazing aspect, nor was it the fact that it could not be destroyed and thus, did not possess a Durability limit or require repairs, nor the 100% damage increase towards darkness-type creatures.

To players who loved to PvP, its speed was the Killing Ray’s most impressive feature.

The Passive Skill Lightning allowed one’s initial Attack Speed to start at 50% rather than zero. This meant that while attacking, players would not take as long to accelerate to a maximum speed. A player’s sword draw would be much faster than normal.

Following which, Shi Feng immediately traded the Purgatory’s Shadow for Killing Ray.

To Shi Feng, the requirement of 700 Strength was nothing considerable. He had fully inlaid Tier 3 Strength-type Gemstones into his equipment. His Strength Attribute had long since exceeded the 700-point threshold.

Instantly, Shi Feng’s overall Attributes increased by a sizable chunk. Shi Feng was currently Level 38. Hence, the Level of Killing Ray adjusted to match his level. The Level 30 Killing Ray had offered 760 Attack Power. Now, that jumped to 1,002. This allowed Shi Feng’s Basic Attack Power to rise by several hundred points.

Before equipping Killing Ray, with Shi Feng’s One-handed Sword Mastery at the Basic Sword King standard, he would have needed five normal attacks to defeat an MT of the same Level. Now, he would only need four hits. If he triggered consecutive critical hits, he could end the battle in two hits.

So much Strength! Shi Feng could not suppress his shock after wrapping his hand around Killing Ray’s hilt.

With this Strength, he was even more peerless.

With the Magic Weapon, Abyssal Blade, in one hand, and the Sacred Sword, Killing Ray, in the other…

Shi Feng felt like he could even rival a Strength-type Chieftain of the same Level.

He also had a Passive Skill like Lightning.

Even against a Void Realm expert, unless said expert was also astonishingly fast, Shi Feng was confident of ending the battle in just a few moves.