Chapter 725

Chapter 725 – Intermediate Magic Array

After completing the Epic Quest and obtaining the Sacred Sword, Killing Ray, Shi Feng returned through the transfer passage to the Dragon’s Maw’s lowest underground floor.

After leaving the special map, Shi Feng used the Activatable Skill of the Aura of Space, Space Movement, to appear before Carrian Walker.

Upon returning to Carrian Walker and the other NPCs, Shi Feng noticed that these NPCs had grown significantly older.

Although the petrification had allowed them to live for hundreds of years, once the curse lifted, time had begun to erode their bodies, causing them to age rapidly.

At the end of the day, they were mortals, not Gods. They could never break free from the shackles of time.

If Shi Feng had not hurried back so quickly, Carrian Walker and the others would have passed away.

“Young adventurer, thank you. I can already feel the curse in my body vanishing. With this, we can leave this world without regret.” Carrian Walker looked at Shi Feng and bowed deeply. He then took out a golden book and passed it on to Shi Feng, saying, “This is our Thunder Beast Empire’s prided magic array, the Nine-star Polar Domain. Hopefully, it will be of help to you someday.”

Shi Feng accepted the immensely heavy Magic Array Illustration, excitement appearing on his face.

Magic Array Illustrations were extremely rare in God’s Domain.

The various kingdoms and empires were extremely secretive about magic arrays, each conducting their own research in the field. Naturally, any results were kept secret.

Normally, when ordinary people used magic arrays, they relied on Magic Scrolls. The same was true for players.

Meanwhile, these Magic Scrolls that were created from Magic Array Illustrations.

There were various types of magic arrays such as enhancement, suppression, and binding.

Regardless of the type of magic array, they were all exceedingly rare.

Normally, players could only obtain Magic Array Scrolls through quests or Treasure Chests. Although the Stoneclaw Mountains had introduced players to the Barrier Crystal Balls, they were not very convenient. They took a long time to activate. Moreover, the Barrier Crystal Balls were not nearly as strong as the Magic Scrolls. Their capabilities were also limited. They were unlike Magic Scrolls, which could be activated swiftly with little to no restriction.

Hence, Magic Array Illustrations were rare and precious.

If players wanted to research their own magic arrays, they would require a massive amount of time, energy, and resources. It was already exceedingly difficult for an ordinary large Guild to obtain a Magic Array Illustration, not to mention researching one from scratch.

Now that he had obtained a Magic Array Illustration, how could Shi Feng contain his excitement?

With the Magic Array Illustration, Zero Wing could produce Magic Array Scrolls without limit at the cost of a few materials.

Shi Feng could not help but click on the Magic Array illustration in his hand, eager to see what kind of magic array he had obtained.

“Why is it an Intermediate Magic Array?!” Shi Feng was shocked when he saw its statistics.

Magic arrays were also organized into several ranks: Basic, Intermediate, Advanced, Master, Grandmaster, Craftsman.

Currently, the majority of the magic arrays players encountered were Basic Magic Arrays. However, even Basic Magic Arrays could be immensely helpful in various ways, such as suppressing monsters that were of Grand Lord rank or below.

Magic arrays above Basic rank were extremely rare.

This was because Intermediate Magic Arrays were capable of suppressing monsters of Mythic rank and below.

The Final Bosses of the current 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons were merely Grand Lords. With an Intermediate Magic Array, players could easily suppress such a Boss, reducing the Dungeon’s difficulty tremendously.

However, what excited Shi Feng the most was that the Intermediate Magic Array Carrian Walker had given him was a top-tier suppression-type magic array.

[Nine-star Polar Domain] (Intermediate Magic Array)

Suppress all enemies within an area of 100*100 yards.

Requires nine people to cast. Only usable by magical classes.

Required materials: 3 Magic Crystals, 1 Intermediate Scroll, 9 Starlight Stones, and 1 bottle of Elemental Water.

Such a wide-area magic array requires only nine magic classes to cast? Moreover, there aren’t any specific classes required. It’s no wonder why Carrian Walker said that it is the Thunder Beast Empire’s prided magic array. After Shi Feng carefully looked through the illustration, he finally understood just how beautiful of a reward this quest had given him.

The Mastery Books and Killing Ray he had obtained were already impressive.

Yet, this Nine-star Polar Domain was far more astonishing. It was more valuable than an Epic item.

It was common knowledge that a limited number of players could enter a Dungeon at a single time. If a team used a magic array to suppress a Boss, the players maintaining the array would not be able to attack or defend.

The more people a magic array required, the greater the effect it would have on the team’s combat power.

Hence, the fewer people required, the better.

Generally, magic arrays that could suppress Bosses required more than ten people to maintain. For example, the Demon Suppressing Barrier Blue Frost and the others had used against the Great Lord Noya required twelve people. Even so, it was considered a very powerful magic array. Yet, the Nine-star Polar Domain only required nine people.

Moreover, the Nine-star Polar Domain’s class requirement was not too specific, requiring only nine magical classes to cast. On the other hand, the Demon Suppressing Array specifically required twelve Elementalists.

The difference between these two requirements might seem small, but for those who had researched magic arrays before, they would know that the more advanced a magic array was, the more people it would require to maintain and the more specific it would be with its class requirement. It was extremely difficult to reduce the requirement by even one person, not to mention reducing the restriction on classes. That was twice as difficult.

Only after the Thunder Beast Empire had gathered all of its talents had it managed to construct such a streamlined and practical Intermediate Magic Array. It would most likely be impossible for any other empire to produce such a magic array.

Looking at this magic array now, Shi Feng could not help but think of the Thunder Emperor Kaiser.

Without any help, the emperor had created a sixfold magic array. This showed that Kaiser’s magic array research had reached a profound realm. At the very least, he should be a Grandmaster. In God’s Domain, he was as rare as a phoenix’s feather.

I had thought of using the Barrier Crystal Balls to set a trap, but with this Nine-star Polar Domain, they’ll have no chance of escaping. Shi Feng smiled at the illustration in his hands.

Although the Nine-star Polar Domain was an Intermediate Magic Array, the materials required to produce it were not especially rare. For starters, Zero Wing had no lack of Magic Crystals. Meanwhile, Starlight Stones were stones containing Star Power. Although they were somewhat rare, there were many places where one could harvest them. The rarest material required to make the Nine-star Polar Domain was the Elemental Water.

Elemental Water could automatically absorb large amounts of Mana. When used to produce Magic Scrolls, it could reduce the Mana that the magic array required. It was very valuable. Aside from being used to produce Magic Scrolls, Elemental Water was also used in alchemy and forging. It was an item with a wide variety of uses.

However, even in large-scale Team Dungeons, the drop-rate for Elemental Water was very low. The various large Guilds treated Elemental Water like a strategic item and would not sell any unless necessary.

Of course, if Shi Feng were willing to spend a little more money, he could obtain a significant amount.

After Shi Feng stored the Nine-star Polar Domain Magic Array Illustration, he bid Carrian Walker and the others farewell and used a Return Scroll to teleport back to White River City.