Chapter 739

Chapter 739 – 100 versus 20,000

The Star Alliance had dispatched an army of 20,000 elite players to surround Shi Feng’s mountaintop. Even if Shi Feng and the others were more powerful, they would never escape an army of 20,000 elite players and numerous experts.

“Everyone, split up as much as possible and attack in groups! Be careful of Zero Wing’s AOE Spells!” Red Feather commanded.

The Star Alliance had investigated Zero Wing’s main force members extensively. Blackie’s Stars of Light and Shi Feng’s Firestorm were the army’s biggest threats. These two Spells had displayed their frightening, destructive power many times in the past.

If they charged as one, they would be no more than target practice.

“Even without the Flower of Seven Sins, 20,000 elite players are more than enough to drown Black Flame’s group of 100,” Cold Autumn, who watched from a nearby mountaintop, could not help but sigh at the sea of players as they climbed the mountain.

Players’ Stamina in God’s Domain was not unlimited.

It might have been fine if Zero Wing fought ordinary players, but not only was every member of the 20,000-man army an elite, but the army also contained plenty of experts. This battle would not end quickly.

If Zero Wing faced only Common monsters, it might have a chance at victory. After all, Common monsters did not require much from players. There was no need to push oneself to the limit to fight such opponents. In a normal battle, players could fight for a very long time.

However, it was a different story in a high-speed battle where it was necessary to remain at one’s peak. This would have a high demand of one’s Stamina and Concentration.

This was like running a marathon. A runner might have the Stamina to jog ten kilometers, but not at full speed. It’d be a miracle if an experienced runner could run a full kilometer at full speed.

It was the same concept with maintaining one’s peak during combat.

If they, the younger generation of the Secret Pavilion, were the ones to fight in this battle, let alone 20,000 players, even 10,000 players would be more than enough to drown them to death. They could only retreat if they wanted to survive. Choosing to fight would simply lead to their grave.

The fact that the Star Alliance had dispatched 20,000 elites to entrap Black Flame and his team showed just how afraid the Alliance was of the Swordsman. Ordinary top-tier experts would not warrant such treatment.

—

Meanwhile, as the war raged, the official forums exploded with comments.

“Zero Wing is too amazing! They’re actually going up against 20,000 people with a team of 100!

“I wonder who will win? I wish I could watch this battle in person.”

“I’m guessing that Zero Wing will wipe. We’re talking about 20,000 Guild elite members.”

“Indeed. That’s 20,000 elite players, not 20,000 Common monsters. If Zero Wing comes out victorious, they will be a legend in God’s Domain.”

“I wonder how many people Zero Wing’s 100 members will kill?”

…

This battle would determine the supremacy over the Stoneclaw Mountains. Hence, the players throughout Star-Moon Kingdom paid very close attention to it. Moreover, one did not often see a Guild War of this scale.

Aside from the forum discussions, players also broadcasted live streams of the war on the official forums.

For this war, the Star Alliance did not bother with chasing away outsiders. Instead, the Guild allowed other players to watch. They wanted everyone to know how powerful the Star Alliance was. Only, the Star Alliance had begun to regret that decision.

—

“Advance! Show everyone the consequences for opposing the Star Alliance!” Red Feather shouted.

Suddenly, the army of 20,000 elite players ascended the mountain, leaving no gaps for Zero Wing to escape through. They intended to wipe out Black Flame and his team.

When the Star Alliance’s army was halfway up the mountain, a black figure suddenly appeared in midair. Whenever the figure flapped its pitch-black wings, it generated powerful winds.

“Why is a Demon here?” Everyone from the Star Alliance turned to look at the figure.

[Battle Demon] (Demon)[1]

Level 55

HP 11,000,000/11,000,000

While everyone was caught in a daze, the Battle Demon lifted its twin blood-red war axes and swooped down into the crowd. Swinging its weapons, the Battle Demon created a storm that sent all players within a radius of 15 yards flying into the air, the countless wind blades ending their lives.

Once the violent storm ended, hundreds of pieces of equipment fell from the sky.

Everyone involuntarily shuddered.

With players’ current standard, none of them had any hope against a Level 55 Tier 3 creature.

“No! This is Zero Wing’s Demon! All melee players, scatter! Ranged players, distance yourselves from the Demon and use Barrier Magic Arrays to trap it!” Red Feather immediately commanded. Although the Demon’s sudden appearance had surprised him, he remained relatively calm.

Although Barrier Magic Arrays were rare, a first-rate Guild like the Star Alliance had quite a few in reserve.

They might not be able to kill the Tier 3 Demon, but they could confine it for a while.

However, Shi Feng had no intentions of giving the Star Alliance the opportunity to trap the Demon. The Demons he summoned with the Bible of Darkness were different from the creatures summoned with Summoning Scrolls. The Demons could be controlled from a very long distance. Hence, Shi Feng directed the Battle Demon to fly into the air and attack other locations. Despite the constant attacks from the Star Alliance’s players, due to the Level and Tier suppression, their damage was practically negligible.

In such a way, the Battle Demon repeatedly struck and fled.

Every time the players with the Barrier Scrolls reached the battle, the Demon was out of reach.

For a time, the Star Alliance’s army plunged into chaos.

Red Feather’s eyes were bloodshot with fury as he roared deafeningly, watching this madness repeat again and again.

It was already difficult enough to deal with a Tier 3 Demon. Now, the Demon ran about randomly, wrecking havoc wherever it went. To the Star Alliance, this Demon was a nightmare. They were sheep to the slaughter. A casual assault could kill several hundred players. If this continued, it was only a matter of time before the Demon annihilated their army of 20,000 elite players.

—

“Guild Leader, you really are amazing. You can actually summon such a powerful Tier 3 Demon. With this, the Star Alliance will suffer,” Blackie rejoiced as he watched the Battle Demon massacre the Star Alliance’s elites.

Previously, the two Great Lords the Star Alliance and Overwhelming Smile had summoned had dealt quite the blow. Just when he thought that this war had been over, Shi Feng revealed the Basic Mana Pulse Cannon. With just two shots, they had dealt with the two Great Lords, forcing the Star Alliance to send out an army of players.

Now, Shi Feng had summoned a Tier 3 Demon.

In such a narrow mountain path, a Tier 3 Demon was far more effective than several thousand elite players.

—

“Ignore that Demon! Charge up the mountain! If we kill the summoner, that Demon will disappear!” Galaxy Past, who commanded the battle against Ouroboros in the distance, suddenly shouted in the Guild chat.

Regardless of how powerful a summoned creature was, its summoner was always its weakness. Rather than wasting time with the Tier 3 Demon, it was more effective to attack its summoner. Zero Wing itself had taught them this lesson.

Sure enough, after Galaxy Past’s reminder, the Star Alliances’ elites calmed themselves and pushed up the mountain, leaving only the barrier team behind to deal with the Tier 3 Demon.

—

“Guild Leader, they’re coming. Should I fire?” Blackie asked as he watched the elite army charge at them like a swarm of ants. He desperately wanted to use Stars of Light to show the Star Alliance who they were dealing with.

Before replying, Shi Feng glanced at a 50-man team that climbed the mountain path swiftly. With a serious expression, he said, “Save it for now. We can deal with the Star Alliance after we deal with the Flower of Seven Sins.”

TL Notes:

[1] Demon: Demon refers to both the race and the rank name for Tier 3, though in this case, it is referring to Tier 3. Or both…? x.x