Chapter 733

Chapter 733 – Unstoppable

“How could this be?!”

Shock shook Endless Plains’s heart when he saw World Defender and Thousand Hunts’s lifeless bodies on the ground. He could no longer maintain his previous calm.

Both of these MTs had activated all of their Lifesaving Skills, yet each of them had only lasted one move against Black Flame. They lost their lives before they could work with anyone else on the team to deal with Black Flame.

“Is he really a player…?”

They could not help but remember Black Flame’s title of One-hit Asura.

However, everyone finally understood something; against Black Flame’s attacks, the only thing they could do was dodge.

“That’s two.” World Defender’s quick death had not particularly surprised Shi Feng. After all, not only had his One-handed Sword Mastery reached the Basic Sword King standard, but the Aura of Fire also increased his damage by another 50%. Even an MT with all of their Lifesaving Skills active would be paper in front of his swords. Shi Feng then shifted his gaze towards the nearest Assassin.

Wind Blade!

Suddenly, Shi Feng left behind an afterimage as he appeared before the Level 33 Assassin, his Killing Ray slicing through the air.

“Don’t think that I’m that easy to kill!” The Assassin abruptly retreated as Shi Feng appeared before him and tried to activate Vanish. When activate, Vanish would provide him with nearly of invulnerability. Within this second, all attacks against him would be useless.

However, Killing Ray’s Lightning effect triggered.

The instant Shi Feng swung Killing Ray, he gained a 50% boost to his Attack Speed. Like a flash of light, Killing Ray danced across the Assassin’s body.

-13,548.

It was another instant-kill.

As if that had been a cue, the rest of the team bombarded Shi Feng with attacks.

Numerous arrows and Spells flew at Shi Feng.

Sidestepping, Shi Feng jumped into the air, avoiding the oncoming attacks. Following which, he turned and retrieved the Blazing Meteor. With a flick of his wrist, a meteor suddenly flew from Shi Feng’s hand.

Flame God’s Fury!

[Flame God’s Fury]

Deals physical and flame damage to enemies within a 40*3 yard area. Deals 900% damage to the initial target, and damage reduces by 10% with each consecutive enemy hit to a minimum of 500% damage.

Xiu!

An Elementalist, a Cursemancer, and a Summoner, who were in the midst of Spell-casting, could not avoid the attack in time; the crimson flames devoured them in an instant.

The remaining experts were shocked.

They had never imagined that Black Flame would also possess such powerful long-range attack capabilities.

As soon as Shi Feng landed, over a dozen Frost Arrows descended on him. Endless Plains had grasped the timing of his attack. Not only had he predicted Shi Feng’s landing position, but his arrows also blocked off Shi Feng’s path of retreat. He had aimed several other arrows at Shi Feng’s vital points.

Dang… Dang… Dang…

Before five Frost Arrows could strike Shi Feng, they pinged against the Swordsman’s aquamarine blade. The remaining Frost Arrows simply brushed past Shi Feng’s body, dealing no damage whatsoever.

“F*ck my life.” Endless Plains stared, stunned.

Despite his perfect angle of attack and timing, it seemed as if his arrows had actually tried to avoid Black Flame.

After dealing with the attacks, Shi Feng released a low shout.

Dragon Breath!

He fired a white beam from his mouth.

Endless Plains threw his body to the side, hoping to avoid the incoming beam. However, as if this white beam had predicted the Ranger’s actions, the beam plowed into the Ranger. Shi Feng achieved another instant-kill.

Even after death, Endless Plains was confused. No matter how he thought about it, why would he have jumped into the Dragon Breath’s path?

However, Violet Cloud, who happily massacred the elite legion, was not the slightest bit surprised when she saw this scene.

Shi Feng had already reached the Flowing Water Realm of the Realms of Refinement. He could easily predict a player’s movements by observing their body. Hence, after seeing Endless Plains’s intention, he had adjusted Dragon Breath’s trajectory before firing the Skill.

Although nearly 20 yards stood between them, Endless Plains had yet to set foot into the Realms of Refinement. He lacked sufficient physical control. In such high-speed battles, he could not respond quickly enough to evade the Dragon Breath.

Violet Cloud sighed.

This was the watershed[1] of top-tier experts. Although the difference seemed insignificant, its impact on the battle’s outcome would be astounding.

Extremely few ordinary players in God’s Domain could exert their virtual bodies to their very limits. On the other hand, thanks to their refined control over their own bodies, expert players could sometimes push their virtual bodies to their limits. Naturally, if both sides possessed equal Levels and Attributes, expert players were far more powerful.

However, even top-tier experts would find it extremely difficult to adjust their movement in such a superhuman, high-speed battle.

It was like a sprinter’s difficulty to stop after running at full speed. In a battle this fast, one could just stop without effort.

However, experts who had reached the Realms of Refinement were capable of exactly that.

Although it did not appear impressive, having the ability to accelerate and stop suddenly meant that a player could change their attack trajectories abruptly, confusing the enemy.

Violet Cloud had already reached the Half-step Refinement Realm. However, even now, she could not break through that final barrier.

Hence, Violet Cloud observed Shi Feng’s battle carefully while fighting her own, hoping to gain some insight.

“This…” the elite players who had intended to help were stupefied.

In just two seconds, Shi Feng had killed seven of their experts; none of them had been able to withstand even one of his attacks. If even experts had no defense against him, what could elite players like themselves hope to accomplish?

Those who had intended to rush over and assist lost all their courage instantly.

Screams echoed from all across the mountaintop.

Even for elite players, it was extremely difficult to exert their bodies to their limits. Not to mention, the members of Zero Wing’s main force all had very high Attributes. Their limits were much higher than elite players.

This was no longer a battle. This was a massacre.

Weaving through the crowd, Fire Dance moved faster than any of these elites players could follow. And as she moved, Fire Dance plunged the Truefire Blades into every player she passed, taking their lives with just a few hits. After just a brief moment, corpses littered the field.

Dashing into the crowd, Shadow Sword brandished his Bluefire Double-edged Sword madly. He sent the several Shield Warriors, who had charged at him, flying. The Berserker then followed up with a Flame Flash, blue fire devouring these Shield Warriors instantly. He used Whirlwind Slash to finish them off.

Standing on a natural rise, Minor Wind launched a continuous stream of powerful arrows with his Windchaser. The power within a single arrow was enough to push back a Berserker, a class known for its Strength. Even though many elite players tried to approach the Ranger, against the dozens of arrows, these elite players became no more than lifeless pincushions.

Aqua Rose, Blackie, and the other magical classes released one AOE Spell after another, killing dozens of players with every attack.

In just a few minutes, the 2000-strong elite legion had less than 1,000 players remaining. In contrast, Zero Wing’s main force had not suffered a single casualty yet.

“Why are they so strong?”

“Are they really human?”

“I don’t want to fight anymore! I want to go home!”

This situation was nothing like the videos they had watched of experts exchanging moves. Now that they witnessed a true battle between experts, they finally understood just how huge of a gap there was between themselves and expert players.

Suddenly, fear swept across the battlefield. The elite legion’s members refused to continue fighting as they fled in all directions.

—

While Zero Wing’s main force fought, the situation in the Stoneclaw Mountains grew increasingly intense. Both sides’ armies had finally begun fighting a short distance away from the foot of the mountain.

“How dare you face us with just 10,000 players! Everyone, charge! Kill them all!” Red Feather sneered as he glared at Zero Wing’s elite members.

TL Notes:

[1]watershed – an event or period marking a turning point in a situation, e.g.,

“these works were a watershed in the history of music”