Chapter 732

Chapter 732 – Unstoppable Sword

“Black Flame?!”

The dozen or so experts turned to look at Shi Feng, who had suddenly appeared, their eyes widening in shock.

The various Guilds’ upper echelons had long since engraved Black Flame’s name in their minds.

Hence, they were extremely familiar with his appearance.

He wore entirely black armor, including the cloak draped over his shoulders; even his eyes resembled the night sky. Two exquisite swords, one aquamarine and the other shining black in color, hung from his waist.

Black Flame just stood there, but it felt as if he had become the focus of this battlefield. Their instincts screamed a warning.

“Everyone, be careful! Do not engage him in close combat!” Endless Plains, a Level 33 Ranger who led this elite legion, hurriedly warned his comrades. “Use ranged attacks!”

In response, the surviving experts nodded, serious expressions appearing on their faces.

Black Flame’s reputation was simply too monstrous. He even had the One-hit Asura title. Even God’s Domain’s top-tier experts could only last a few moves against him.

A few of Black Flame’s battle videos had even been regarded as a teaching scripture for Swordsmen. Black Flame’s grasp of timing and Skill usage completely surpassed other expert Swordsmen by several levels.

Although none of them had ever believed they could win against Black Flame in a one-on-one fight, they had never imagined that, after meeting Black Flame in person, the man would be this frightening.

Despite being a Swordsman, Black Flame had approached them undetected by relying on an Isolation Scroll and an Invisibility Potion. His sneak attack was so fast that they had not had time to react.

Moreover, not only did Black Flame’s attack catch them, but that single attack had devoured close to half their numbers. Even the high Defense and HP Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors had lost close to 4,000 HP. To make matters worse, that was only a Control-type Skill. Logically, such Skills usually dealt low damage. Yet, the Skill had stolen one-third of the Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors’ HPs. If Black Flame had used a high-damage Skill, the consequences would have been unimaginable.

“Thousand Hunts and I will hold him back. Look for chances to attack him. Don’t worry about hitting us,” a Level 34 Shield Warrior named World Defender said as he lifted his barbed, diamond-shaped shield and dashed forward. Sternly, he said, “Thousand, if Black Flame moves, activate all Defensive Skills immediately! Don’t hold anything back!”

“I understand,” the Guardian Knight named Thousand Hunts nodded as he stepped to the forefront of his team. They absolutely could not afford to be careless against Black Flame. He understood that, if they did not start the fight with everything they had, it was likely that this Swordsman would claim their lives instantly.

“Good luck.” The other team members dashed towards the sword domain’s edge.

To them, World Defender’s and Thousand Hunts’s strength felt reassuring.

These two were well-known experts in the virtual gaming world. Although they could not compare to hidden experts like War Wolf, they could still rank near the top among MTs in Star-Moon Kingdom. Previously, they had only received so much damage because Black Flame had caught them by surprise with his ambush. Now that these two were going all-out, even Star-Moon Kingdom’s top experts would not find it easy to break through their defense.

“It seems like you guys have done your homework,” Shi Feng stated as he glanced at the twelve remaining experts. Among these people, he was familiar with quite a few of these experts.

Endless Plains from the second-rate Guild, Wildfire.

World Defender from the second-rate Guild, Arrogance.

Thousand Hunts from the second-rate Guild, Secluded Fantasy.

…

In the past, he had looked up to these experts. He had never dreamed that he would face-off against them.

He had not expected the shift in their positions, either.

In the past, even if he had gone all-out and pushed his senses to their limits, he would barely be able to contend with any of these experts, yet now, these experts had to work together and fight with everything they had just to have any chance of survival against him.

Although these people worked together for the first time, they fell into a defensive formation seamlessly despite the previous sneak attack. They calmly considered and executed the best strategy to deal with him. The extent of their combat experience was obvious. This was precisely what Fire Dance and the others lacked the most.

Although Shi Feng had charged at his enemy after using Skywheel Sword, Endless Plains had fired a storm of arrows the moment he set foot into the sword domain. Not only were the Ranger’s attacks extremely fast, but they limited Shi Feng’s range of movement, forcing him to confront the two oncoming MTs.

“Black Flame, show me just how good you are!” the tall and robust World Defender stood proudly before Shi Feng as he activated a series of Lifesaving Skills in quick succession.

[Bloodthirsty Rage] (Tier 1 Skill)

Recovers 3% HP every second for 10 seconds.

[Shield Wall] (Tier 1 Skill)

Decreases all damage by 60% for 18 seconds.

[Last Stand] (Tier 1 Skill)

Increases maximum HP by 30% for 30 seconds.

Suddenly, World Defender’s HP rose from close to 12,000 to nearly 15,600. He also recovered to more than 10,000 HP.

Standing a short distance away, Thousand Hunts similarly activated his Lifesaving Skills. He also used a Tier 1 Holy Shield Protection, which could absorb over 2,000 points of damage, on himself. When the shield broke, it would heal the player for over 1,000 HP. Following which, Thousand Hunts activated Justice Roar. Enemies, players or monsters, affected by the Skill would have to attack him. If they didn’t, he would receive a boost to his speed and damage.

Feeling the effects of Thousand Hunts’s Justice Roar, Shi Feng could not ignore the Guardian Knight. Dashing up to Thousand Hunts, the Abyssal Blade transformed into numerous black streaks of light that descended on the Guardian Knight’s body.

So fast! Thousand Hunts was shocked.

He had never imagined that Shi Feng’s Attack Speed would be so fast; he could not even see the afterimages of Shi Feng’s attacks. Fortunately, he wielded a shield. Compared to players without shields, he had an easier time defending against attacks. As long as he moved the shield slightly, he could block close to half of his body, making it very difficult to strike him.

Thousand Hunts moved his shield quickly, blocking the Abyssal Blade.

However, Shi Feng did not bother changing the Abyssal Blade’s trajectory. Instead, he continued swinging the Magic Weapon at Thousand Hunts.

Illusory Shadow!

The Abyssal Blade passed through the Guardian Knight’s shield, the six black streaks of light penetrating the Holy Shield Protection before biting into Thousand Hunts.

-1,274.

-2,604.

-1,295.

-2,582.

-3,829.

-1,285.

Six consecutive damages appeared above Thousand Hunts’s head, his HP, which had been over 9,000, plummeted to zero…

How could this be possible?!

Thousand Hunts could not believe what he was seeing. Despite Protection Blessing, reducing the damage he received by 60%, Black Flame had killed him without breaking a sweat.

The other experts were similarly dumbfounded.

A Guardian Knight with more than 9,000 HP remaining and Protection Blessing had died instantly…

Just how high is his Attack Power? World Defender no longer dared to waste time with attacks. Instead, he used Charge at the Swordsman.

Turning, Shi Feng used Silent Steps, appearing behind World Defender and brandishing Killing Ray. His witnesses only saw a flash of blue.

Thundering Flash!

Like a roaring dragon, three blue streaks of lightning instantly devoured World Defender.

-2,746.

-7,087.

-4,424.

World Defender’s HP, which had been over 10,000, vanished instantly, his body falling slowly to the ground…