Chapter 730

Chapter 730 – Sword Drawn

Outside of the Stoneclaw Mountains’ transfer gate, Ouroboros’s elite army waited for their allies.

A battle involving hundreds of thousands of players was different from battles involving only hundreds or thousands of players. There were not many locations that could house a battle of that scale. It was even less likely to find a proper area inside of a Dungeon.

Before the war began, one had to organize their troops first. Charging into battle recklessly would only lead to one’s doom.

Hence, Gentle Snow held Ouroboros back from entering the Stoneclaw Mountains. Instead, she chose to wait for Zero Wing’s arrival.

Ouroboros was a first-rate Guild. Although the Guild had lost quite a few of its elites due to infighting, it still possessed the background of a first-rate Guild. Moreover, due to its Guild Residence in Stone Forest Town, Ouroboros developed far faster than their competitors.

At this point, God’s Domain had already evolved from the era of Coins to the era of Magic Crystals.

With sufficient Magic Crystals, a first-rate Guild with a strong background could quickly nurture elite players.

Ouroboros already had more than 60,000 elite members. They had only slightly fewer than when they had conquered Stone Forest Town with Zero Wing. However, if one wanted to compare the quality of their elite members, Zero Wing was still slightly superior to Ouroboros.

Shi Feng had always been an advocate of quality over quantity.

Otherwise, Zero Wing would have had 40,000 or 50,000 elite members rather than 20,000.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, what do you have planned for the war with the Star Alliance?” Gentle Snow asked as she turned to Shi Feng.

Initially, Gentle Snow had thought Shi Feng would bring all of his Guild members above Level 30 with him into this war. She had never imagined that he would only dispatch 10,000 elite members. If so, she had no choice but to alter her original plan.

There were over 100,000 players on the Star Alliance’s side. Based on the latest reports she had received, they had more than 150,000 elites. Had Zero Wing brought all of its Level 30 and above members, after including Ouroboros’s elite members, they would have had more than 100,000 players as well.

In truth, many of Zero Wing’s ordinary members would be considered elites in other Guilds.

However, Zero Wing was very strict with its elite members. Not only must one hit the mark in terms of both Level and combat techniques, but they must also be capable of defeating an Elite monster of the same level. Hence, even until now, the Guild did not have many elite members.

If Zero Wing dispatched 40,000 members, the army’s overall combat power would most likely be higher than an army of 40,000 elite members from other Guilds.

Hence, even if they faced the Star Alliance’s army of 150,000 elites, their army of 100,000 players would still have a chance of victory.

Yet, Shi Feng had not done so.

“Zero Wing will draw the enemy’s fire while Ouroboros will engage in a pincer attack from the sides,” Shi Feng said very simply.

By the time the Star Alliance had issued the challenge, Shi Feng had already formulated a plan to deal with the enemy Guild.

Although the Stoneclaw Mountains were vast, the Dungeon was covered in dense forests and mountainous regions. The area had few flatlands, and they were also small in size. There was nowhere large enough for a battle of hundreds of thousands. It would be a miracle if a single battle zone could fit several thousand players. Hence, Shi Feng had only chosen to dispatch 10,000 elite members. Had he dispatched any more, they would not have had enough Nine-star Polar Domain magic arrays to go about.

“You really don’t need any of our members?” Gentle Snow placed great importance on this Guild War.

Ouroboros was already in the same boat as Zero Wing. If Zero Wing suffered defeat, Ouroboros would suffer in the Stoneclaw Mountains as well. The Star Alliance and their allies would make sure of it.

They needed to defeat the Star Alliance no matter what. If they removed the Star Alliance from the picture, the other Guilds would hesitate before moving against them.

Of course, Gentle Snow had not forgotten about the issue with the Flower of Seven Sins.

However, the Flower of Seven Sins’ assassins would only target Zero Wing’s experts. They would not participate in the battle between elite members. Hence, they would not necessarily affect the war’s outcome. As long as they crushed the Star Alliance’s elite army quickly, the Star Alliance would struggle to return to prominence.

“No need. I have already prepared. When the time comes, you just have to remember your desire to eliminate the Star Alliance,” Shi Feng said, his lips curling into a confident smile.

Following which, after both Guilds finished preparing, they entered the Stoneclaw Mountains.

“Main force, follow me! The Dark Gods Legion will act as the spearhead and penetrate the Star Alliance’s core! Everyone else, as we discussed, split up into ten legions and advance slowly!” Shi Feng shouted his orders after entering the Stoneclaw Mountains.

Shi Feng’s decisions had confused Aqua Rose and the others. In such a massive battle, he wanted all of Zero Wing’s experts to gather in a single location. They would be throwing away an expert’s advantages on a battlefield.

On such a large battlefield, their enemies would scatter. By concentrating all of their experts into a single point, although their combat power was astounding, they would only be able to claim a limited number of lives. They wouldn’t be nearly as efficient on the battlefield as they could be.

“Alright, enough daydreaming! Move!” Shi Feng commanded. Naturally, he understood everyone’s concerns. However, he did not have time to explain his plan.

Although this formation would not benefit the Guild on the battlefield, it would not give the Flower of Seven Sins a good opportunity to strike. Moreover, they could reduce the number of casualties from the elite legions.

The Flower of Seven Sins was an assassin organization. They had only been hired to do one thing in this battlefield–kill Zero Wing’s experts. Shi Feng had confirmed this with the Secret Pavilion.

As long as there were no experts in the elite legions, the Flower of Seven Sins would not bother helping the Star Alliance by killing Zero Wing’s elite members. However, if an expert appeared in the midst of the elite legions, even if the assassins were reluctant, they would have no choice but to clear out the elite members blocking their path. This would deal a fatal blow.

Shi Feng was a Flowing Water Realm expert, so he understood how beneficial such narrow terrain was to experts in the Realms of Refinement. He also knew how effective such experts were in a battle involving thousands of players. Hence, Zero Wing’s experts needed to cluster.

That was his first reason.

His second reason was to drive the assassins to a single location. That way, he would not have to waste time searching for them. He could set a trap to catch them at once.

Under Shi Feng’s command, everyone immediately began to move.

Shi Feng directly led the 100 main force members in a charge towards the tallest peak in the Stoneclaw Mountains’ outer region. That area was a favored location for a large scale battle. From there, he could see the overall situation and direct his army.

Ouroboros had also circled to the edge of the Stoneclaw Mountains.

—

Meanwhile, on top of a hill in the Stoneclaw Mountains’ outer region…

“Guild Leader Galaxy, Zero Wing has entered the Stoneclaw Mountains. However, Zero Wing has only brought 10,000 elite members. It seems that the Star Alliance will not get to see much action. If you don’t move quickly, the other Guilds might decimate Zero Wing before you get to see any action,” Glorious Echo warned the other Guild Leader cheekily. He could not help but laugh when he received the report on Zero Wing’s arrival. “You might not even get a share of the equipment they drop.”

Hearing this, Galaxy Past shook his head and laughed, saying, “In the end, it seems that Black Flame is not brave enough to make a last stand. He has actually dispatched so few people. Purple, issue my commands. Have Red Feather lead 30,000 elite troops into battle immediately. We can’t let the other Guilds steal the bounty.”

“Understood!” Purple Eye contacted Red Feather.