Chapter 740

Chapter 740 – Top-tier Battle

Hearing Shi Feng’s comment, Fire Dance and the others turned towards the Flower of Seven Sins’ approach.

If they had to name their greatest threat in this war, it was definitely not the Star Alliance’s army of over 100,000 elite players. It was the 50-man team from the Flower of Seven Sins.

Watching the assassins close the distance between them, Fire Dance and the others grew nervous.

They knew that, should the assassins defeat them here, their previous efforts would be for naught.

“Don’t hold back against them. Use the Power of Darkness right from the start,” Shi Feng reminded his team through the team chat. “Victory or defeat, let it be determined within these ten minutes.”

In terms of techniques, the Flower of Seven Sins was leaps and bounds above them. They only had two advantages.

First, they had more numbers on their side.

Second, they had the advantage of Berserk Skills.

The Power of Darkness had a duration of ten minutes. Ordinary Berserk Skills generally only lasted a fraction of that time.

When they activated the Power of Darkness, their opponents would have no choice but to activate theirs as well.

If they could last through the duration of the Flower of Seven Sins’ Berserk Skills, they would emerge victorious.

Shi Feng directed the Battle Demon to charge at the assassins with flying speed.

With the overwhelming combat power of a Tier 3 Demon, it should be simple to defeat the 50-man team of assassins.

“Do you think you can stop the Flower of Seven Sins with a single Tier 3 Demon?” the silver-robed man glanced at the Battle Demon flying towards his team, a playful smile appearing on his face. He then revealed a black Magic Scroll. Unfurling it, he shouted, “I summon thee, Magma Giant!”

Suddenly, a massive humanoid figure covered in molten lava appeared on the mountain.

[Lava Giant] (Elemental Being, Great Lord)

Level 55

HP 18,000,000/18,000,000

The instant the Lava Giant appeared, it released an angry bellow and lifted both its hands. Suddenly, lava spewed from the ground and sweaped across the mountaintop, transforming an area of 300 yards around the Lava Giant into a Lava Domain.

Not only did the Lava Domain suppress enemies’ Attributes, but it also ate away 3% of their HPs every five seconds. Players could not fight within the Domain for very long at all.

After establishing its Domain, the Lava Giant tightly clasped both its hands together. In the next moment, hot lava began to spew into the air, engulfing the Battle Demon and preventing it from moving.

A Great Lord actually knows a Domain Skill and a Tier 3 Imprisonment Skill. The Flower of Seven Sins is even willing to part with such a Summoning Scroll? Shi Feng could not help his frown.

A Tier 3 Imprisonment Skill could seal the Battle Demon’s movements for a very long time. However, throughout the Skill’s duration, the caster could not move. Both summoned creatures had been taken out of this fight. However, the Flower of Seven Sins had the aid of a Domain Skill, which was a significant disadvantage for Zero Wing.

“Give up! Nobody can avoid the Flower of Seven Sins’ assassins!” The silver-robed man chuckled.

The Lava Domain had already enveloped the mountaintop. Zero Wing’s members were trapped inside. Moreover, with the suppression and HP reduction effects, even if Zero Wing’s members activated their Berserk Skills, they would not survive for long inside the Lava Domain. In the end, death would be waiting to greet them.

“That isn’t necessarily true.” Watching the assassins charge at them, Shi Feng suddenly shouted, “Activate the magic array!”

Suddenly, a purple-gold magic array appeared in the air, enveloping both Zero Wing and the Flower of Seven Sins.

This magic array was none other than the Intermediate Magic Array, Nine-star Polar Domain, that Shi Feng had previously obtained.

As long as the Nine-star Polar Domain was active, people outside the barrier could not enter. Similarly, those inside could not leave. Only after the nine casters’ Mana ran out would the barrier disappear.

Moreover, the Nine-star Polar Domain also suppressed the assassins’ Attributes. Furthermore, its suppression was more powerful than the Lava Domain’s.

The Lava Domain could suppress a player’s Attributes by 30%, whereas the Nine-star Polar Domain could suppress a player’s Attributes by 40%. Against high-tiered monsters, it could suppress over 70% of their Attributes. It was an extremely powerful magic array.

When the players outside of the barrier saw Zero Wing and the Flower of Seven Sins’ various combat methods, they were momentarily stunned.

“Very good. At least things are getting a little interesting now.” The silver-robed man could not help but laugh. “Let’s see which one of us will last until the very end.”

Saying so, the members of the Flower of Seven Sins activated their Berserk Skills.

Although they suffered a more powerful suppression, the Lava Domain would chip away at Zero Wing’s HPs. If they dragged on the battle, they could win easily.

Meanwhile, Zero Wing’s side similarly activated the Power of Darkness.

Suddenly, both sides’ Attributes soared, their combat powers reaching greater heights than before. With only a few dozen yards between them, they began to launch ranged attacks.

Spells and arrows flew at their targets.

However, neither side was easy to defeat as they weaved between the rain of Spells and arrows.

In the blink of an eye, the distance between the two teams closed.

The melee classes exchanged blows rapidly, their bodies moving with blurring speed.

Fire Dance immediately set her sights on a Level 34 Cleric. Using Shadow Steps, she appeared behind the Cleric and activated the Assassin class’ strongest Skill, Absolute Strike.

However, this Cleric had sensed Fire Dance’s approach. Not only did he manage to activate Truth Shield before Fire Dance’s attack reached him, but he also activated Terrorizing Roar.

Fire Dance was forced to activate a Control Removal Skill. Afterward, she thrust her shortsword towards the Cleric. In response, the Cleric used his staff to block the attack.

As Fire Dance possessed overwhelming Strength, her attack had sent that Cleric flying. However, the Cleric took the opportunity to put some distance between them. Unfortunately, Fire Dance’s damage only shattered the Cleric’s Truth Shield; the Cleric remained unharmed.

Just as Fire Dance thought of chasing after the Cleric, she felt an intensely dense killing intent from behind her. Hurriedly, Fire Dance used Wind Steps.

Dang!

Without her notice, a dagger struck her back. Fortunately, Fire Dance had activated Wind Steps in time, the one-second invulnerability nullifying the attack.

“Your reaction time is quite good, but how about this?” the black-clothed Assassin that suddenly appeared behind Fire Dance bantered. He then brandished two daggers, sending over a dozen afterimages at Fire Dance. It was as if he had launched these attacks simultaneously, entrapping Fire Dance.

Instinctually, Fire Dance had wanted to defend against the attacks. However, she quickly changed her mind and used Void Steps instead.

Suddenly, Fire Dance vanished.

The black-clothed Assassin halted his attacks and activated Wind Steps.

Dang!

Fire Dance suddenly appeared beside the black-clothed Assassin, her shortsword stopping just before the man’s back, unable to proceed even an inch.

“Such an amazing footwork. It seems that I did not choose the wrong target,” the black-clothed Assassin laughed. He glanced at Fire Dance, saying, “I’m Pleiades, the one who is going to kill you.”

A Flowing Water Realm expert? When Fire Dance saw her opponent’s calm reaction to Void Steps, she could roughly guess Pleiades’s standard. Otherwise, he would not have been able to defend. Only those capable of predicting her movements could defend against her Void Steps.

Aside from Fire Dance, who had encountered a Flowing Water Realm expert, Violet Cloud faced down one of the Flower of Seven Sins’ party leaders.

Although Zero Wing’s members had the advantage in Attributes and could take the initiative in attacking, the assassins’ techniques were far more refined. The assassins did not use strictly might to face their opponents. Instead, they defended and counterattacked. After all, with the presence of the Lava Domain, Zero Wing’s members would continuously lose HP over time. They just needed to wait until their opponents ran out of HP.

“Black Flame, show me your strength,” the silver-robed middle-aged man demanded as he stood in Shi Feng’s path. Sweeping his spear horizontally, the middle-aged man exuded an imposing aura.