Chapter 748

Chapter 748 – One Man’s Strength

When the Firestorm swept through the land, it turned the mountain path into a river of fire.

Watching the players inside the fire turn to ash horrified everyone.

“This Spell sure is scary. Luckily, I wasn’t with the front line,” a Level 32 Shield Warrior in silver heavy armor gulped as he watched the flames in front of him.

He had only been a thread away from losing his life. Had he taken another step forward, he would have died like the Guardian Knight who had been in front of him a second ago. The Guardian Knight had over 12,000 HP and had Protection Blessing and Magic Resistance Aura activated. The Guardian Knight had even received a Truth Shield from a Cleric and a Defense Blessing from an Oracle. Yet, said Guardian Knight still evaporated in a matter of seconds.

“Huh? Someone’s heading this way?” The heavy-armored Shield Warrior suddenly discovered a figure charging straight for him.

“Someone actually dares to face us alone?! Brothers, let’s f*ck him up!” a Level 32 Berserker snarled as he raised his heavy sword.

The Berserker immediately received an enthusiastic response from his companions, they all took up a stance to welcome the approaching enemy.

After the enemy toyed with them using the Frost Grenades, resentment filled these players’ hearts. Now that a fool charged at them blindly, this was the perfect chance to let off some steam.

The heavy-armored Shield Warrior squinted, trying to see the figure hidden in the smoke. When he glimpsed Shi Feng’s general appearance, he shouted, terrified, “Wait! I think that’s Black Flame!”

The dozen or so Berserkers and Shield Warriors, who had activated Charge, could not help their shock. However, as they had already activated their Skills and were only a dozen or so yards away from Shi Feng, retreat was no longer an option. Every one of them hardened their resolve as they aimed their most powerful Skills at Shi Feng.

To Shi Feng, however, these Berserkers and Shield Warriors’ Attack Speeds were simply too low. Moreover, these dozen or so players had already entered Shi Feng’s range. Now that Shi Feng was in the Void Realm, his perception allowed him to see the attack trajectories of these dozen or so players with a single glance.

Suddenly, Shi Feng’s footwork changed. Like a cool breeze, he swept through the pincer attack. As he passed these players, the Killing Ray in his hand left behind several streaks of dazzling blue light on their bodies. On the other hand, none of the enemies’ swords and sabers even touched Shi Feng.

In seconds, over a dozen plate-armor classes died, each dropping a weapon or piece of equipment as they fell to the ground. Over a dozen Immortal Souls flowed into the marking on Shi Feng’s hand.

If these people had known that the players who Shi Feng killed would lose their Immortal Souls, not being able to log into the game for a few days, in addition to the usual Level and Skill Proficiency loss, they probably would have sacrificed themselves to the river of fire before letting Shi Feng get near them.

“How is this even possible…?” Everyone from the Star Alliance, who watched from a short distance away, were dumbfounded as Shi Feng finished off over a dozen players in a matter of seconds. They felt a weight that they had never experienced pressing down on them, their breathing growing haggard as a result.

Previously, they merely thought that Shi Feng was amazing and powerful. However, this kind of power was somewhat illusory for them. They did not fully understand it. However, only after facing this power themselves did they realize how massive a gap there was between them and Shi Feng. Now that they realized Shi Feng’s true power, they nearly lost their grip on their weapons from fear. And although they tried to move, neither their hands nor their feet responded.

Suddenly, everyone thought that their previous idea of overwhelming Shi Feng with numbers was childish.

By the time they returned to their senses, Shi Feng had appeared right before them. In the next moment, numerous streaks of blue light bloomed on their bodies.

There sure are a lot of people. As Shi Feng glanced at the crowd of Star Alliance members blocking his way, he lifted Killing Ray and slashed downwards.

Thundering Flash!

Suddenly, several lightning strikes slithered towards the Star Alliance players, leaving behind dazzling electric arcs in the air.

With a single move, Shi Feng gained dozens of Immortal Souls and cleared a path for himself.

By the time the Star Alliance members reacted and tried to surround and contain Shi Feng, he had already dashed into the crowd and began a slaughter.

Chop!

Earth Splitter!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

Skywheel Sword!

Shi Feng leisurely harvested the Star Alliance’s lives, one after another. Despite the elite members throwing all sorts of Control Skills at Shi Feng, who had activated the Aura of Space, none of these Control Skills had taken effect. As for the various attacks sent at him, with his Movement Speed, none of them even came close to hitting him.

Frequently, onlookers watched bodies soar into the air, hitting the ground with a thud far from the Star Alliance’s elite army. Those who watched were stupefied.

Not only had Shi Feng’s onslaught slowed the Star Alliance’s offensive, but he had also killed a large fraction of the Star Alliance’s elites. Shi Feng was unstoppable as he rushed through the Star Alliance’s army. As Zero Wing’s members watched the slaughter, their fighting spirits burned within them as they joined the offensive.

—

“He’s so strong!”

“Black Flame can actually hold off the Star Alliance’s assault by himself? Is he even a player?”

…

The players from the Secret Pavilion watching from afar were stunned. Shi Feng’s astonishing performance even aroused many of the Pavilion’s female players.

Despite being surrounded by enemies, not only did Shi Feng’s rampage continue without pause, but he was also able to evade everyone’s attacks in the limited space.

This feat was immensely difficult.

The Secret Pavilion’s experts were quite confident that they could handle 100 elite players by themselves.

During the battle, they would try to choose the most favorable terrain for their fights, using it to funnel their opponents, limiting the number they had to face at a single time. This way, they would have a much easier time defending against and dodging attacks.

However, when the enemy surrounded them, the difficulty of defending and dodging increased exponentially.

They would most likely last only a moment before they died.

Even Cold Autumn, who was known as a genius of the new generation, would be lucky if he lasted even 20 seconds. However, Shi Feng had already lasted over a minute. Moreover, he had yet to receive any damage.

—

“Black Flame!” Complex emotions filled Galaxy Past’s heart as he watched Shi Feng.

The Star Alliance’s overall strength had clearly surpassed Zero Wing’s by a large margin. The Alliance had even received assistance from various Guilds. They had amassed a force that not even Zero Wing and Ouroboros combined could defeat.

Yet, at the end of the day, he never would’ve imagined that…

In this war, involving hundreds of thousands of elite players, Zero Wing grasped the outcome, dominating simply because they had Shi Feng on their side.

It should have been impossible for a single player to change the outcome of a major Guild War, yet at this moment, that is exactly what had happened. Moreover, this domination occurred right before his very eyes.

“This will end now!” Killing intent flashed in Galaxy Past’s eyes as he lifted his greatsword and charged at Shi Feng, shouting, “Everyone, attack him as one!”

Even Twilight Echo’s Guild Leader, Glorious Echo, took action. Over a hundred experts also circled to Shi Feng’s back stealthily.