Chapter 741

Chapter 741 – Godly Speed

The members of Zero Wing and the Flower of Seven Sins had entered their own battles.

Aside from Fire Dance, Violet Cloud, and Aqua Rose relying on the Attribute advantage that their Tier 1 Set Equipment provided to suppress the assassins’ party leaders, the others struggled against the remaining four party leaders.

These party leaders’ equipment was in no way inferior to the members of Zero Wing’s main force. In addition, they wore almost a full set of Tier 3 Gemstones, and their Berserk Skills were slightly more powerful than the Power of Darkness. Hence, they easily made up for the difference in Attributes.

With very little difference in Basic Attributes, even if three of Zero Wing’s main force members ganged up on one of the Flower of Seven Sins party leaders, they were powerless. The enemy neutralized their attacks, one after another. Meanwhile, if they were not careful and received an attack, they would instantly lose one-third of their HP. It was only a matter of time before they were defeated. Not to mention, the Lava Domain was also in effect, continuously reducing the HPs of Zero Wing’s players.

Surprisingly, Shadow Sword, Minor Wind, Flying Shadow, Turtledove, Cola, and Ye Wumian were able to exchange blow for blow with their assassin opponents, both their HPs and their enemies’ gradually decreasing. A small difference in HP might determine the outcome of their fights.

“Zero Wing is quite strong. Despite facing so many experts from the Flower of Seven Sins, they still fight so ferociously. If this were any other team, the Flower of Seven Sins would have defeated them by now,” Yuan Tiexin, who watched the fight from afar, said in slight surprise. “Unfortunately, Zero Wing will still go up in flames.”

Currently, aside from a few of Zero Wing’s upper echelons holding their ground, it was only a matter of time before the others were defeated. If the battle dragged on, the ordinary main force members would fall. At that time, the assassins could corner Zero Wing’s upper echelons. As they already had their hands full with their current opponents, facing more at once would be fatal.

The other Secret Pavilion members nodded in agreement.

However, they had to admit that Zero Wing’s main force was indeed impressive. If they were in Zero Wing’s place, the battle would end very quickly.

Refinement Realm experts could alter their actions in such high-speed battles nimbly. However, ordinary experts could not.

On the scorched battlefield, although the fights between Zero Wing’s main force members and the Flower of Seven Sins’ assassins was exciting, the Secret Pavilion members focused on Shi Feng’s battle.

After all, the title of One-hit Asura was not just for show.

To have earned his current reputation, Shi Feng had killed many experts.

However, in this war, Shi Feng’s opponent was even more extraordinary than he was. He fought the assassins’ leader.

This was a rare sight, indeed.

“The Flower of Seven Sins sent you to lead the mission this time?” Shi Feng asked as he unsheathed his swords. He was utterly focused on the silver-robed man before him.

Although the silver-robed man had not yet attacked, the cold killing intent he radiated caused Shi Feng to shudder involuntarily. Shi Feng felt as if his life were slipping away. It almost felt as if he were standing in the middle of a Demonic Beast’s nest.

Moreover, the silver-robed man’s Level and equipment quality were extremely high.

Not only was the man a Level 35 Berserker, but his equipment was also the Dark-Gold Set Equipment meant for Berserkers, the Wind Frost Set.

The Wind Frost Set focused on speed and Strength. It was Level 30 to Level 40 equipment. It was a Dark-Gold Set that could improve as its wearer leveled. It was only second to a Tier 1 Set Equipment.

As for the snow-white spear in the man’s hands, although Shi Feng had never seen it before, judging by the runes and weapon’s elegance, it should be, at the very least, a top-tier Dark-Gold Weapon.

“That will depend on whether or not you qualify to know!” the silver-robed man rebuked as he swung his spear. Suddenly, it seemed like his spear had transformed into five poisonous snakes that shot towards Shi Feng.

One Spear, Five Transformations!

Although there were only five spear images, these images attack trajectories were both complex and varied. Even the middle-aged man could not predict the attacks, not to mention the attack trajectories.

Seeing this, Shi Feng abruptly retreated.

Dang! Dang!

Sparks scattered between the Swordsman and the Berserker.

Such quick spearmanship! Shi Feng could not help his surprise.

Despite retreating as soon as he had noticed the attacks, the five spear images had appeared before him instantly. By the time he had reacted, although he had deflected two of the spear images with his swords, it had been too late to block the other three spears. He had no choice but to activate Defensive Blade to block the spears. Otherwise, with his Attributes after activating the Power of Darkness, although the remaining spear images would not kill him instantly, they would destroy one-third of his HP.

Due to the previous clash, Shi Feng had gained a general understanding of just how powerful the silver-robed man was. Hence, he could predict the man’s damage.

“You actually avoided my One Spear, Five Transformations. You are worthy for me to take you seriously.” The silver-robed man smiled. Suddenly, he launched another attack.

This time, six spear images flew towards Shi Feng. This attack was also much faster than the last.

By the time Shi Feng could react, the six spear images appeared before him.

Despite having taken precautions, three of the six images struck Shi Feng. Fortunately, Defensive Blade blocked the other three.

How are his attacks so fast?! Shi Feng could not help his surprise as he glanced at his opponent’s spear.

He had clearly predicted the man’s general targets, yet, by the time he had defended himself, the six spear images had arrived before him. It almost seemed as if the images had teleported.

Despite predicting the trajectory of the attacks, his body could not keep up with the assassin’s speed.

This was the first time Shi Feng had encountered such a situation.

Logically, he should be much faster than the silver-robed man, yet, the man’s spear moved as if it had Instantaneous Movement. Even if he were faster, he could not keep up with the silver-robed man’s spear attacks.

With no other choice, Shi Feng used Abyssal Bind.

The four-second binding gave him plenty of time to kill the silver-robed man several times over.

However, as soon as the pitch-black chains emerged from the ground, the silver-robed man activated Wargod’s Radiance, a dazzling light shining from his body as he became immune to all control effects. Immediately after, six more spear images appeared before Shi Feng, striking him. This time, Defensive Blade’s block count was exhausted.

The Secret Pavilion members watching from afar were dumbfounded.

The silver-robed man’s spear strikes were simply too fast. The attacks had completely surpassed the speed defined by the system. How could anyone dodge such attacks?

“How are that man’s attacks so fast?”

Despite being the top genius of the Secret Pavilion’s new generation, Cold Autumn was shocked as he watched the fierce battle.

If he had to block the silver-robed man’s attacks, he, most likely, would have died immediately after the battle had begun.

Only Black Flame, with his lightning-fast swordsmanship, was barely capable of defending against two or three of those spear strikes. Anyone else would have died multiple times by now.

“Autumn, now you understand why I brought you all here to watch this battle, right?” Yuan Tiexin asked, chuckling. “The apex experts you know of are only figureheads. This is a true apex expert of the virtual gaming world. However, Black Flame’s performance is just as impressive. One Spear, Six Transformations is that man’s specialty technique. Countless well-known experts have died against this move. I can count the number of experts who can block two or three strikes while in the Flowing Water Realm on one hand.

“Now that Black Flame has used up all his Lifesaving Skills, this fight should end very quickly.”

The silver-robed man executed One Spear, Six Transformations once more.

However, Shi Feng suddenly closed his eyes. He saw nothing as he allowed the assassin to attack.

“Could he have given up already?” The sudden development shocked the onlookers.

With the spear moving so fast, if Shi Feng did not rely on his sight to predict the silver-robed man’s actions, how could he defend against the spear attacks?

“It seems the fight is over,” Cold Autumn said, shaking his head.

The six spear images pierced Shi Feng’s body.

However, the instant the six spear images shot through Shi Feng’s body, another Shi Feng appeared beside the silver-robed man. This other Shi Feng swung down his Abyssal Blade.

Dang!

The clear ring of metal clashing with metal resounded throughout the battlefield. The silver-robed man was forced to retreat three steps before stabilizing himself.

“You actually dodged all of them!” Shock appeared on the silver-robed man’s face as he stared at the unharmed Shi Feng with disbelief.