Chapter 743

Chapter 743 – Seven Sins’ Defeat

In Yuan Tiexin’s eyes, although Shi Feng was certainly strong, he was still no match for him.

However, the Swordsman’s sudden performance had truly dumbfounded him.

If Yuan Tiexin faced Sky’s One Spear, Six Transformations, he was only 50% certain of emerging victorious. However, against the One Spear, Nine Kills Sky had just displayed, Yuan Tiexin did not think he had any chance of victory.

Yet, even after using One Spear, Nine Kills, Sky died after Shi Feng’s single strike.

From the moment Shi Feng moved to when he swung his sword, everything had happened all too quickly. Moreover, due to the distance between them, the battle had ended before Yuan Tiexin realized what had happened.

“Did any of you record this battle?” Yuan Tiexin asked the several people behind him.

They were staff from the Secret Pavilion’s intelligence department. The Magic Mirror they held was a magical tool in God’s Domain that could record the scenes within a certain range.

One could purchase a Magic Mirror from shops in the various major cities. However, they were extremely expensive. A Basic Magic Mirror cost 3 Gold. However, a Basic Magic Mirror could record an area of 100*100 yards in a range of 4,000 yards for two hours. This item could easily allow the various large Guilds to keep a record of certain battles.

It was especially easy for players like them to get dragged into battles like this. Hence, they needed to maintain a certain distance from the battle. Although they could use Binoculars to watch the fights, those items could not record the battles. Hence, Magic Mirrors were the best tools to gather information. After collecting the required data, one could research the information in detail. It was much easier than the system’s recording function.

“We got everything.” The intelligence agents nodded in reply.

“Good! Make a copy and send it to me later! Send a copy to the Guild Leader as well!” Yuan Tiexin commanded seriously.

For an expert like himself, nothing was more alluring than watching a battle between players of Shi Feng’s and Sky’s standards.

Moreover, Shi Feng’s performance was also mindblowing. At this moment, Yuan Tiexin could not help but reconsider the relationship between the Secret Pavilion in Zero Wing. However, this decision would have to wait until after the war ended.

Compared to the surprise the Secret Pavilion members had felt, the Flower of Seven Sins’ assassins were thunderstruck.

Although Sky was not one of their upper echelons, his fame within the organization was resounding. Almost everyone had heard of him. Moreover, among the many Void Realm experts in the organization, Sky was the only expert capable of facing down Silver.

Yet, Black Flame, someone who was only slightly famous, had killed Sky.

This was like watching an ant defeat a lion. It was inconceivable.

“Guild Leader!” When Fire Dance saw the Assassin Pleiades freeze, she followed the Assassin’s gaze. Immediately, she discovered that Shi Feng had claimed the assassins’ team leader, and unconsciously, power welled up in her.

Fire Dance wasn’t the only one to react this way. Everyone from Zero Wing’s main force also felt power flow into their bodies when they saw the Berserker on the ground.

Although Zero Wing’s main force had lost over a dozen members, this one death had far more of an impact that killing three or four of the Flower of Seven Sins’ party leaders.

Hadn’t the Flower of Seven Sins never failed a job?

In the end, hadn’t their strongest team leader still died under their Guild Leader’s sword?

Sky’s death also caused the Lava Giant to disappear. Without the Lava Giant, the Lava Domain vanished as well.

In the blink of an eye, the suppression on everyone from Zero Wing lifted, their Attributes abruptly soaring. On the other hand, the Nine-star Polar Domain still suppressed the Flower of Seven Sins’ assassins.

Damn it! Sky actually died so quickly! Pleiades frowned as he turned to Fire Dance, whose Attributes had been restored; he lost his prior composure.

Initially, Fire Dance already had higher Attributes than he did. He had only kept up with Fire Dance’s attacks by relying on his accurate judgment. Now that Fire Dance had recovered her Attributes while he was still hampered, dodging and blocking the woman’s attacks became far more difficult.

Whether it was Pleiades or the other members of the Flower of Seven Sins, they all had grimaced as they fought.

“Didn’t you enjoy beating me up just now?!” Shadow Sword, who had less than half of his HP remaining, said as he smirked at a Refinement Realm Level 34 Guardian Knight. His lips curling into a smile, Shadow Sword said, “It’s my turn now!”

Saying so, Shadow Sword swung the Bluefire Double-edged Sword violently and executed Whirlwind Slash. He was not the slightest bit afraid of revealing any weak points.

Against absolute Strength and speed, despite the Level 34 Guardian Knight using his shield to defend against Shadow Sword’s Whirlwind Slash, the impact forced him to retreat six steps, a damage of over -800 points appearing above his head. For a second there, he had nearly lost his balance.

Shadow Sword immediately followed up with a series of violent slashes.

Facing Shadow Sword’s rapid barrage, the Guardian Knight had no choice but to raise his shield and defend himself. However, every time Shadow Sword struck his shield, he received over -200 damage, his body forced to retreat one step after another. He had no chances to counterattack.

On Violet Cloud’s side, the Astromancer was finally able to apply leverage. Activating Star’s Guidance, she sent the Level 34 Berserker party leader, who chased after her, flying. Immediately after, she attacked with her Mana Balls.

Thirty Mana Balls appeared in the air around them. Although this attack was not as strong as the 36 Mana Balls she could summon after drinking the Hundred Berry Wine, Violet Cloud was able to control the 30 Mana Balls with much greater precision.

Moreover, due to her recovered Attributes, the force her Mana Balls contained had also increased significantly. The Berserker party leader required his full might to block every Mana Ball. Otherwise, the Balls would knock him back and reveal even more weak points.

However, against the overwhelming power of the 30 Mana Balls, the Berserker party leader occasionally missed two or three Mana Balls, receiving around -500 to -600 damage.

Without the suppression of Zero Wing’s Attributes, the battle immediately turned to Zero Wing’s favor, whereas the Flower of Seven Sins were at a complete disadvantage.

After killing Sky, Shi Feng did not stop to pick up the loot the Berserker had dropped. Instead, he turned around and dashed for the Seven Sins party leader that posed the greatest threat to Zero Wing.

These party leaders were all experts in the Flowing Water Realm. Even if Zero Wing’s main force members recovered their Attributes, the party leaders were still a major threat.

After Shi Feng’s Attributes recovered, due to Thunder God’s Descent still being active, he became much faster. Although he was not as fast as when he had killed Sky, his speed was more than enough to deal with the Seven Sins party leaders.

After appearing behind one of the party leaders, Shi Feng executed Chop with his Killing Ray.

A streak of blue light flashed.

-15,485.

A bloody mark appeared on the Shield Warrior party leader. Only at this moment did the Shield Warrior’s shield appear in Shi Feng’s trajectory.

The Shield Warrior was slower than Shi Feng’s by a massive margin.

Suddenly, the party leader, who had roughly 11,000 HP remaining, fell to the ground.

Observers were, once again, rendered speechless.

Shi Feng’s attack was simply too fast.

Watching from afar, they had only seen a flash of blue light. They had not even seen his sword’s afterimage before it struck his opponent. Just how was someone supposed to defend against such an attack?

After just a short moment, four of the seven Flower of Seven Sins party leaders had died at Shi Feng’s hands.

Fire Dance, Violet Cloud, and Aqua Rose took care of the last three.

In the end, Zero Wing had annihilated the assassins from the Flower of Seven Sins…