Chapter 755

Chapter 755 – City Promoted

Horse carriages rattled up and down White River City’s streets.

As Shi Feng rode comfortably in one such carriage, he could feel the tremendous changes that had swept through the city.

More horse carriages moved along the streets than before. Moreover, there were more varieties of carriages now.

God’s Domain evolved over time. Similarly, NPC cities also changed as time passed. Nothing would stay the same forever.

Ordinary players might not think much of the number or variety of horse carriages, but to Shi Feng, who had played God’s Domain for over a decade, these changes symbolized the city’s prosperity.

How could one determine how prosperous a city was?

The most basic criterion was the city’s horse carriages. It was similar to the cars in a city in reality.

In small cities, not only were there fewer cars, but high-class cars were also very rare. In big cities, however, traffic jams were common. One would also see high-class luxury cars all over the city.

God’s Domain’s cities were similar in this aspect.

When an NPC city’s player population increased, to satisfy the players’ needs, the Main God System automatically increased the number of horse carriages within the city, allowing more convenient travel.

Meanwhile, as players consumed more in a city, the system would also release advanced horse carriages. These advanced horse carriages charged more but were much faster. This would allow players to save time when traveling. After all, an NPC city was very large. It was very normal to spend several hours walking from one place to another.

Currently, advanced horse carriages had only appeared in five cities in Star-Moon Kingdom. The city with the most carriages was none other than White-River City. One could say that White River City had become Star-Moon Kingdom’s most prosperous city.

Unlocking the advanced horse carriage feature was only one of a thriving city’s basic settings. As time passed, various new facilities would open, such as flying tools and the flying transportation feature, which could allow players to reach destinations where teleportation arrays could not. As a result, these features would subtly improve a player’s leveling speed.

This was also one of the main reasons that empire players were much higher leveled than kingdom players.

Now that White River City has unlocked the advanced horse carriages, with the number of carriages present, the city should not be that far from unlocking the luxury horse carriages. When the city unlocks the luxury horse carriages, players will be able to take the Flying Ship to the Eclipse Gate to level up. It seems I’ll need to prepare for that. Shi Feng could not help but recall the Eclipse Gate, which had been the most famous leveling area that White River City had to offer in his previous life.

In the past, by the time White River City had activated the Flying Ship feature, the average player in God’s Domain had closed in on Level 50. Many had even been promoted to their Tier 2 classes.

From that moment onwards, players’ Levels in White River City had exploded.

This was because White River City’s Flying Ships could access the Eclipse Gate. Of course, White River City wasn’t the only city whose Flying Ships passed through the Eclipse Gate. Every city in Star-Moon Kingdom’s eastern region had Flying Ships that could reach the Eclipse Gate.

Four countries would gather at the Eclipse Gate: the Star-Moon Kingdom, the Rhine Kingdom, the Ice Field Kingdom, and the East Spring Empire. It was considered a neutral zone, and the various countries had garrisoned their armies there to prevent the creatures within the Eclipse Gate from invading God’s Domain. Hence, there were plenty of high-level and Army Quests there. A player’s leveling speed at the Eclipse Gate would be roughly double than in other leveling maps of the same Level. Moreover, the Eclipse Gate was a colossal Level 40 to Level 70 map. One could also find plenty of rare herbs and ores in the area, which were all necessary resources to produce high-level potions and equipment.

More importantly, the Eclipse Gate was a source for Energy Essence, a resource required to tame Mounts.

Taming a Guild Mount required resources. The higher the quality and quantity of resources one had, the quicker one could tame a Mount. At the same time, one could use these resources to hasten a Guild Mount’s growth.

Energy Essence was one of the advanced materials required to tame a Mount.

Precisely because of this, players coveted the Eclipse Gate.

After reaching Level 40, everybody dreamed of having a good Mount. However, they were not that easy to obtain. One had to nurture their Guild Mounts slowly, promoting it as quickly as possible before it could become a part of one’s combat power.

However, although one could level up quickly and obtain plenty of resources at the Eclipse Gate, there was a downside.

The Eclipse Gate’s environment was relatively severe. If one did not possess a certain amount of Fire and Ice Resistance, even expert players would lose their lives. Hence, after the Eclipse Gate opened, whether it was in Star-Moon Kingdom or the three surrounding countries, the demand for equipment with Ice Resistance and Fire Resistance Attributes grew.

Aside from Ice and Fire Resistance equipment, tools that increased one’s Ice and Fire Resistance were also extraordinarily popular.

Although there was still quite a long time before the Flying Ship feature would unlock, Shi Feng felt that he could already begin the necessary preparations.

Although Ice Resistance and Fire Resistance equipment sold for a relatively high price right now, once everyone reached the Eclipse Gate, such equipment would double in price. Tools would also sell for far more.

Whether it was for improving the leveling speed of Zero Wing’s Guild members or making money by reselling items, now was the perfect time to stockpile these items.

I recall Campbell Volcano drops plenty of Fire Resistance equipment and tools. It might not be a bad idea to bring Aqua and the others there to grind. Shi Feng could recall quite a few maps in Star-Moon Kingdom that were a great source for Fire and Ice Resistance equipment. Among them, Campbell Volcano had the highest drop-rates for Fire Resistance equipment.

Campbell Volcano was a Level 40 to Level 50 map. However, due to its extreme environment, very few players were willing to venture there. However, after the Eclipse Gate had appeared, Campbell Volcano became one of the most popular locations in Star-Moon Kingdom.

No one had visited that map yet. This was a good chance for him to lead the main force members there to develop the map since none of the Bosses had died yet. Bosses killed for the first time would have double their usual drop-rates. Moreover, with the strength of Zero Wing’s main force, they shouldn’t have any issues dealing with a Level 50 Boss. As for the Magic Crystals in the Stoneclaw Mountains, they could rely on the Guild’s elite members to continue that harvest.

Before Shi Feng realized it, the advanced horse carriage he rode in had already arrived at the Library.

The Library’s entrance was the same as usual, with a group of players bunching around the doors, hoping to gain the favor of an NPC noble and gain entry into the Library.

Under everyone’s watchful eyes, Shi Feng strode into the Library unhampered. When the NPC guards stationed at the entrance saw Shi Feng, they treated him with respect, shocking many of the loitering players.

After entering the Library, as always, Shi Feng headed towards the Star-Moon Hall on the building’s top floor.

When the two Level 300 Tier 3 Red Paladins, who guarded Star-Moon Hall’s doors, saw Shi Feng approach, they stopped him.

Since when did Tier 3 NPCs guard this place? Shi Feng was surprised.

Tier 4 NPCs were already overlords in White River City. Some small cities only had Tier 3 NPCs to safeguard them. Yet, now, two such NPCs guarded the Star-Moon Hall. This was surprising. Normally, only the Palace in Star-Moon City warranted such treatment.

“Without permission, outsiders are not allowed to enter!” the Level 200 Red Paladins said as they blocked Shi Feng’s path with their spears.

Suddenly, however, a clear, crisp voice floated out from the hall.

“Let him in.”

When the two Level 200 Red Paladins heard this, they immediately retrieved their spears and opened the doors, allowing Shi Feng entry.