Chapter 752

Chapter 752 – Star-Moon’s Number One

“Black Flame really is vicious!” Yuan Tiexin could not help his sigh as he looked at the charred corpses in the distance. “The Star Alliance is done for this time.”

Thousands of Star Alliance elite members had died in an instant.

Who knew how much equipment was scattered across the ground?

If converted to Coins, just how much one would have to spend to purchase all of that equipment?

To the Star Alliance, however, the lost items were only secondary. To deal with Black Flame, the Star Alliance had gone all out and sent most of its experts to surround Shi Feng. Yet, with just one blow, Shi Feng had annihilated all of them. This was an irrecoverable blow to the Star Alliance.

Without these upper echelons commanding the war, the Star Alliance’s army would definitely fall into chaos. Zero Wing and Ouroboros’s armies would slaughter the survivors.

After players died in God’s Domain, they could not contact those still alive in the game. They could only do so after they revived.

However, unlike in Dungeons, players would not revive immediately upon death. They needed to wait for half an hour before they could return to the world of the living.

By the time half an hour had passed, the war in the Stoneclaw Mountains would, most likely, be over. At that time, there would be no point in returning.

Even Yuan Tiexin could not begin to estimate how many elite members the Star Alliance would lose in this war.

However, what Yuan Tiexin did not know was that Shi Feng had not only killed the Star Alliance’s experts, but he had also absorbed many of their Immortal Souls. As a result, these upper echelons would not be able to log into God’s Domain for some time.

After losing a war, a Guild did not need to focus on its losses, but whether or not it could stabilize itself.

If a Guild’s upper echelons could not log into God’s Domain for two or three days, even Shi Feng could not imagine the chaos that would befall the Guild. Not only had the Star Alliance lost the war, but its upper echelons had also gone missing. Who would want to remain in such a Guild?

This was also why plundering Immortal Souls had become a taboo among players in God’s Domain in the past.

—

Meanwhile, the reports of Shi Feng wiping out the Star Alliance’s upper echelons with Thunder’s Wrath had begun to spread throughout the official forums.

Instantly, the Star-Moon Kingdom forums gone into an uproar.

“Black Flame is too godly!”

“Damn! Black Flame can win, even surrounded by enemies?! Is he even human?!”

“If Zero Wing has such an expert, it won’t have any problems growing stronger!”

“Please, carry me!”

“Please accept me as your disciple, God Black Flame!”

“Although I’ve just joined God’s Domain, I am going to join Zero Wing no matter what!”

…

Only minutes after Black Flame’s battle video posted, it had been upvoted to the number one spot on Star-Moon Kingdom’s forums. Meanwhile, the majority of the kingdom’s players desperately wanted to join Zero Wing.

Aside from focusing on Black Flame, players had also grown curious about Zero Wing’s other experts and had begun to investigate the Guild.

The moment they checked, however, they were frightened.

Zero Wing had three people who had reached the eighth floor of the Divine Colosseum’s Trial Tower!

If one were a veteran player in God’s Domain, they would be very enthusiastic about the Divine Colosseum’s Trial Tower. The Trial Tower had become an important indicator for players’ comparisons against each other.

For players new to God’s Domain, it was practically a dream to clear even the first floor.

As for veterans, reaching the third floor was their limit; whereas elite players could roughly reach the fourth floor. Meanwhile, ordinary players already considered elite players experts. When forming a party to raid a Dungeon, any party that had an elite player would be the envy of others. An elite player could increase the party’s overall strength, making it a piece of cake to clear a Hard Mode Party Dungeon.

As for the experts who had reached the fifth floor, ordinary players looked up at them as if they were stars.

A city would only have several hundred experts; some even had less than a hundred. NPC cities’ player population could range anywhere from 70,000 to over 1,000,000. One could imagine just how rare such experts were. In other words, these experts were the top players in an NPC city.

Currently, in most of the cities in Star-Moon Kingdom, the highest floor any player had reached was the Trial Tower’s sixth floor.

Only the major NPC cities with a player population of over 1,000,000 would have seventh-floor experts.

Yet, Zero Wing actually had three people who had managed to reach the Trial Tower’s eighth floor.

The players of Star-Moon Kingdom struggled to accept this fact.

It was impossible for ordinary players to encounter true experts. Hence, they usually used the Trial Tower as a method of judging experts because the Divine Colosseum’s Tower did not test a player’s Attributes or equipment; rather, it tested a player’s true power. The difference between players was made clear.

Each of the Trial Tower’s floors was more difficult than the last.

Veteran players could only reach the third floor after fighting through hell and high water. Hence, elite players who reached the fourth floor were treated like experts.

However, what about those who managed to reach the eighth floor?

No one could even imagine how much power these players had.

The Assassin Fire Dance, the Cleric Violet Cloud, and the Cursemancer Aqua Rose[1]… Beneath them were quite a few seventh-floor experts such as the Berserker Rampant Blade, the Berserker Shadow Sword, the Guardian Knight Cola, the Shield Warrior Ye Wumian, the Ranger Minor Wind, the Assassin Flying Shadow, the Elementalist Su Qianliu, and the Cursemancer Blackie. Zero Wing also had many sixth-floor experts…

Only after a detailed investigation did anyone discover that Zero Wing housed so many top-tier experts.

“Zero Wing is simply spectacular! There are actually so many experts in a single Guild!”

For a time, the many players in Star-Moon Kingdom began thinking that, if they wanted to become an expert, they would only have a chance at fulfilling that dream by joining Zero Wing. After all, wasn’t Zero Wing’s Guild Leader Star-Moon Kingdom’s top expert?

Aside from Aqua Rose, who used to be in Twilight Echo, nobody had ever heard of Zero Wing’s experts before the Guild established. After some research, they discovered that these players had undergone a heaven-defying change after they had joined Zero Wing.

This discovery made many players who had withdrawn from Zero Wing to join other Guilds regret their actions dearly.

They had begun from the same starting point, yet because of their unfortunate decision, their past companions had become the experts that they revered.

—

Inside the Stoneclaw Mountains:

After Thunder’s Wrath dissipated and the Star Alliance’s upper echelons were dead, chaos descended on the Alliance’s elite army. The Guild’s elite players scattered, fleeing in all directions and discarding their attempt to charge towards Zero Wing’s blockade. Moreover, Ouroboros’s army had finally caught up and had begun to trap the Alliance’s elite army.

As Shi Feng had activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power and had drunk the Dragon Slayer Potion, he could not idle and let the effects go to waste. He charged into the Star Alliance’s elite army and began slaughtering players like a ferocious beast. On the other hand, none of the Alliance’s elite members showed any will to defend themselves. They only wanted to escape the Stoneclaw Mountains.

As Shi Feng massacred the Alliance’s elite members, the system notification he had long awaited for finally arrived.

System: Congratulations! You have collected 10,000 Immortal Souls. Rewarding Basic Tyrant title.

TL Notes:

[1]the Cursemancer Aqua Rose: not a typo. The author has finally remembered that he originally introduced Aqua Rose as a Cursemancer and suddenly decided to change her back.