Chapter 758

Chapter 758 – Building a City

The instant Shi Feng stepped out of the advanced carriage, he attracted a lot of attention like someone driving a luxury car in the city.

“Wow! That guy’s rich!”

“He seems to be someone from Zero Wing. It’s no wonder he’s so rich!”

“I know, right? Zero Wing receives so many advanced quests every day. Even the Guild’s normal members have the chance to snag one for themselves. On the other hand, our Guild only receives a few advanced quests each day, and the Guild’s upper echelons have priority on them, leaving very few for anyone else. Even elite members have a hard time obtaining one. Although I’m an elite member, I have only accepted two advanced Guild Quests so far. Those were good times. I earned over a dozen Silvers a day during those days!”

“Indeed. One of my friend’s friend is an elite member in Zero Wing, and he says that Zero Wing’s elite members can accept an advanced Guild Quest once every two or three days, while normal members can pick one up once every five or six days.

…

Envy filled these players’ voices as they spoke about Zero Wing.

It cost 1 Silver to ride an ordinary carriage and 3 Silver to ride an advanced carriage. To them, even riding an ordinary carriage was a luxury.

They would rather run to their destination than spend so much.

Shi Feng could not help but shake his head at this sight. He had never imagined that he would be envied for riding a carriage.

While the majority of the players in God’s Domain still strived to earn a single Silver Coin, even a Gold Coin was of little use to Shi Feng anymore. He was more concerned about time than he was about spending a few Silvers.

At this point, the towering City Hall bustled with noise.

Regarding both Reputation and Coins, the various large Guilds had accumulated a certain stock after playing God’s Domain for so long. Naturally, more people would be attempting to purchase the city’s Lands.

However, most purchased ordinary Lands as the golden Lands and Lands in the central district were not easily affordable.

“Hello, sir. How may I be of service to you today?” a beautiful female employee approached Shi Feng and asked.

“I wish to construct a city,” Shi Feng said.

“Please, follow me,” the NPC receptionist smiled as she led Shi Feng to a VIP reception room.

Whether it was establishing a town or a city, players needed to begin the relevant procedures in an NPC city.

“May I know if you have a City Building Order?” the NPC receptionist asked politely.

Shi Feng retrieved the Star-Moon Kingdom City Building Order Sharlyn had given him. The lambskin parchment was worth over a million Gold.

“Very good, sir. May I know where do you wish to establish your city so that I can quote you a price?” the NPC receptionist said as she took out a Magic Scroll, unfurling it on the table.

This Magic Scroll displayed a map of Star-Moon Kingdom. Compared to the system map players had, this map was far more detailed.

“The Witch’s Hill,” Shi Feng said as he tapped a spot in the southwestern corner. Immediately, the Scroll displayed the Witch’s Hill map.

The Witch’s Hill was a Level 50 to Level 70 map. Rumors had it that a great witch lived there, hence, the hill had been called the Witch’s Hill. The hill’s name had remained unchanged even after hundreds of years and the Star-Moon Kingdom’s ownership.

The Witch’s Hill could be considered an ordinary leveling map. It was not particularly rich in resources.

Yet, various Guilds in Shi Feng’s previous life had frantically sought after the Witch’s Hill.

They had done so for two reasons.

The first was the location’s accessibility. The Witch’s Hill bumped up against two resource-rich maps; Shadow Forest, a Level 80-100 map, and Ruins of Agon, a Level 60-75 map.

Of these two locations, one produced rare herbs, while the other housed a Hell Mode Regional Dungeon.

The Witch’s Hill’s secret was the second reason.

This secret of the Witch’s Hill had only been discovered after the mainstream players had reached Level 100. At that time, the various Guilds had suddenly rushed to construct their cities in this map. Dozens of Guilds had fought over the Witch’s Hill. Naturally, that included Shadow, the Guild Shi Feng had led.

In the end, the powerful Star Alliance and Ouroboros had captured the Witch’s Hill. The other Guilds had stood no chance against them.

Rumors had it that the Witch’s Hill was home to a great witch, and they had been around for hundreds of years.

In fact, this rumor was absolutely true, as even now, that witch still lived in the Witch’s Hill.

That witch was also one of God’s Domain’s legendary characters, the Jealous Witch.

In the past, Shi Feng’s sight had been limited. He had thought that the Jealous Witch was only a Tier 5 powerhouse. Now that he thought about it carefully, he was sure that the Jealous Witch was not a Tier 5 powerhouse, but a Demigod. Otherwise, how could she have lived for so long?

The Jealous Witch none other than the guardian of the Otherworld Gate.

The Otherworld Gate led to another continent outside of God’s Domain. The Otherworld was similar to the Top of the World that Shi Feng recently visited.

There, not only could players level up much faster, but they could also obtain equipment far more easily.

There was only one condition to cross the Otherworld Gate–players must have reached Tier 2.

In God’s Domain, it was very difficult for players to find equipment of good quality above Level 50. However, it was much easier to grind for such equipment in the Otherworld. Hence, back when the Otherworld Gate had been discovered, the various large Guilds had fought frantically to occupy the Witch’s Hill. After all, in order to obtain good equipment, countless players would grind and level up in the Otherworld. Hence, Witch’s Hill bustled with player activity.

Even after a decade had passed, a storm of players still gathered in the Witch’s Hill.

Currently, however, no one had discovered this secret yet. Hence, Shi Feng had to strike while the iron was hot.

Furthermore, Zero Wing’s members were nearing Level 50. The Witch’s Hill’s proximity to a Hell Mode Regional Dungeon was also a good enough reason to establish a city there.

“Hello, sir. We have calculated the quote for the region you’ve selected.” At this time, a beautiful female NPC walked over and handed Shi Feng a list. “Based on our preliminary assessment, the city’s construction will cost 90,000 Gold. If the city comes under attack, we will charge you an additional fee based on the number and rank of monsters killed. In addition, there is also a 30,000-Gold registration fee. Based on the city’s current level, you will also have to pay a 30,000-Gold management fee each month. May I know how many guards you wish to be stationed there?”

Although Shi Feng had prepared himself and had only come here to ask about the price…

His heart skipped a beat when he heard the cost.

The price of establishing a city was more than ten times higher than establishing a town. Moreover, after establishing the city, he also had to pay a monthly management fee of 30,000 Gold. That was the equivalent of paying 1,000 Gold every day.

Just how many Guilds in God’s Domain could earn 1,000 Gold every day?

Even if Shi Feng had not spent most of his funds on Frost Grenades and the Mana Pulse Cannon, he couldn’t afford even a fraction of that price.

“Sir, do you wish to build the city now?” the NPC receptionist asked with a smile.

“No, I have to consider this.” Shi Feng rolled his eyes at this NPC receptionist.

The initial payment alone was 120,000 Gold. There were also additional fees if the city were attacked during construction. Shi Feng had experience in constructing a city. Even if he dispatched the entire Guild to repel the monster attacks, defending the city would cost tens of thousands of Gold.

“Alright. However, I must remind you that you only have one month to use this City Building Order. If it isn’t used within a month, this City Building Order will be voided,” the NPC receptionist said before leaving the reception room.