Chapter 750

Chapter 750 – Berserk

Galaxy Past’s performance shocked every player who saw it.

Nobody had ever imagined that Galaxy Past was so powerful.

Not only was his Strength unmatched, but he was also so fast that people only caught a glimpse of him as he moved. Despite using Violent Strike, one of the most common Berserker Skills, he displayed more power than an AOE Attack Skill.

Even a Lord of the same Level would pale in the face of such destructive power.

“Black Flame is done for sure this time!”

This scene cleared away the Star Alliance’s defeated mood.

“As expected of the Star Alliance’s Guild Leader. He actually hid such a card so well.” Glorious Echo was also impressed. Although he had his own trump card, it was slightly inferior to Galaxy Past’s.

With such Strength and speed, even if Black Flame had not died from the sudden blow, he would be heavily injured.

The hundred or so expert players stilled their footsteps, thinking that the battle had ended, that their help was no longer needed.

When the dust settled, however, a man, wearing a Black Cloak and wielding an emerald longsword, stood before Galaxy Past, unharmed.

“He blocked it? How?” Everyone’s jaws nearly fell to the ground.

Shi Feng had actually blocked Galaxy Past’s attack, which had been stronger than a Lord’s.

Everyone had thought that Shi Feng might evade the attack, but never had they thought Shi Feng would block it with his sword. Moreover, Shi Feng was still unscathed. Only the ground beneath his feet had fragmented, the cracks spreading out across five yards in every direction. From the state of the ground, they knew how heavy Galaxy Past’s Violent Strike had been.

Such immense Strength! Shi Feng felt his hand, which held onto Killing Ray, go numb.

Although he had sensed Galaxy Past charge at him, he had not expected the Berserker’s Strength and speed to increase by so much. With that kind of speed, it had been too late to dodge. If not for his perception of his environment having sharpened, he would not have executed Parry in time to block Galaxy Past’s attack.

Parry was considered one of a Swordsman’s Lifesaving Skills. It could neutralize one instance of damage coming from ahead of the user. However, the user would not be exempt from the impact. If Galaxy Past’s attack had struck Shi Feng’s body, even with his high Defense and his HP being over 14,500, he would not have died, but he wouldn’t have had much HP left, either.

“I want to see just how many Lifesaving Skills you possess!” Seeing that his surprise attack had failed, Galaxy Past, swung Weeping Silver and executed Horizontal Slash. Not only did Horizontal Slash have a larger attack range than Violent Strike, but it was also significantly faster.

With the boost from the Extreme Speed Potion, Weeping Silver transformed into a streak of silver light as it shot towards Shi Feng. Galaxy Past completely disregarded his own safety, revealing all sorts of weak points as he attacked. He was fully intent on trading Shi Feng a hit for a hit.

In response, Shi Feng used Silent Steps and avoided the devouring white light. Reappearing behind Galaxy Past, he swung Killing Ray down on the Berserker.

While using a Skill, players were highly susceptible to revealing weak points if they were not adept with a Skill’s movements.

Galaxy Past experienced this for himself.

Transforming into a streak of electric-blue light, Killing Ray descended with frightening speed. Even if Galaxy Past had wanted to block the attack, it was too late.

However, as if he had expected this, Galaxy Past immediately executed Whirlwind Slash, spinning with his greatsword. He ignored the blue light descending towards him, fully intent on trading damage for damage.

In terms of Strength, Galaxy Past had an absolute advantage. Hence, if they traded blows, Galaxy Past would come out victorious.

Shi Feng had no intentions of granting Galaxy Past’s wish. With a thought, he activated Defensive Blade.

Boom!

The blue light slammed into Galaxy Past’s body, stealing over 2,300 of the Berserker’s HP. Meanwhile, although Weeping Silver found its mark, Shi Feng’s Defensive Blade blocked the damage.

Such high Defense. Shi Feng clicked his tongue.

He wielded the Epic Weapon, Killing Ray. His One-handed Sword Mastery had even reached the Basic Sword King standard, which increased his damage with the one-handed sword by 80%. He could easily finish off a cloth-armor class of the same level with a single hit. Yet, his attack had only inflicted around -2,300 damage.

Galaxy Past currently had 21,000 HP. Shi Feng’s single attack had merely devoured slightly over one-tenth of his HP.

Just as Shi Feng intended to get a few more hits in, he noticed a Guardian Knight’s Protection Blessing suddenly enveloping Galaxy Past. A Cleric’s Truth Shield and an Oracle’s Defense Blessing also fell over the Berserker. A Healing Light touched Galaxy Past’s head, instantly recovering his HP to full.

Quickly, Shi Feng brandished Killing Ray and launched a barrage of attacks.

However, all he managed to do was shatter the Truth Shield. He was still short of shattering the Defense Blessing.

An Oracle’s Defense Blessing and a Cleric’s Truth Shield were different. The Truth Shield could protect the target’s entire body, and the caster’s Mana determined how much damage it could absorb. Defense Blessing, on the other hand, could only block attacks coming from one direction. However, the target’s maximum HP determined how much damage it could absorb. A Tier 1 Defense Blessing could absorb damage equal to 30% of the target’s maximum HP.

Since Galaxy Past had 21,000 HP, a Defense Blessing cast on him could absorb over 6,000 damage.

Shi Feng frowned slightly.

They were currently surrounded by members of the Star Alliance. If Shi Feng were facing an elite MT, even if said MT activated Shield Wall, he was confident that he could finish off the MT quickly without giving the healers a chance to heal him. Now, however, Galaxy Past’s Defense was simply too high. The Berserker’s HP had also increased to 21,000, and he had the damage reduction from Protection Blessing. It was practically impossible to kill Galaxy Past before the healers recovered his HP.

Although the predicament troubled Shi Feng, Galaxy Past was shocked.

He finally realized just how massive the gap was between him and Shi Feng. Shi Feng’s Attack Power was insanely high. Wargod Possession had increased Galaxy Past’s Defense by 200%. It would be impressive if expert Berserkers could even deal around -900 damage to him, yet Shi Feng had dealt over -2,300 damage with a single attack, nearly three times higher than those expert Berserkers. If not for the aid from the surrounding experts, he might have lost close to half of his HP from that exchange.

“Galaxy, I’ll help you,” Glorious Echo had also noticed how massive the gap was between Galaxy Past and Shi Feng in terms of combat standards. Even with the surrounding experts’ help, it would not be easy to take down Shi Feng. Hence, as an additional precaution, Glorious Echo activated his Berserk Skill as well, his Attributes soaring instantly. Although his Berserk Skill, Evil God’s Power, could not compare to Galaxy Past’s Wargod Possession, it was still a very rare Berserk Skill.

Moreover, Glorious Echo was a Shield Warrior. His normal HP was already close to 13,000. After activating the Berserk Skill, his HP rose to over 26,000. He also radiated a bloody miasma, which formed a faint layer of blood armor around his body, increasing his Defense significantly.

Glorious Echo then revealed a Tier 2 blue Magic Scroll and used it.

[Lightning Speed] (Tier 2 Magic Scroll)

Increases the target’s Movement Speed by 80%, Attack Speed by 120%, and damage by 20% for 30 seconds.

(Cannot be stacked)

Cooldown: 1 hour

When the Star Alliance members saw the two Guild Leaders activate their own Berserk Skills, their confidence rose.

The expert players a short distance away began to support the two Guild Leaders, casting buffs and heals. At this moment, it was practically impossible to kill Galaxy Past and Glorious Echo.

“Black Flame, today will be the day you die!” Glorious Echo used Charge, following up with a Justice Roar and releasing a dazzling glow as he forced Shi Feng to focus on him. If he didn’t, Glorious Echo’s Strength and speed would increase significantly, and killing Shi Feng would become much easier.

Yet, as soon as Glorious Echo arrived before Shi Feng, he discovered that Shi Feng was smiling. That smile told him two things: everything was under Shi Feng’s control, and they had foolishly jumped into Shi Feng’s trap.

Heavenly Dragon’s Power!

Suddenly, numerous golden dragon scales covered Shi Feng’s body, the strength of his aura rising exponentially. It felt like they had woken an ancient beast, and one could not help but shiver when this aura swept over them.