Chapter 763

Chapter 763 – Legendary Quality

Before Shi Feng could even react, Thousand Transformations was already in Seliora’s hand.

There, Thousand Transformations underwent massive changes. The Mana in their surroundings suddenly began surging towards the Flawed Weapon. In Seliora’s hand, Thousand Transformations seemed as if it were alive.

Is this the ability of a Grandmaster Forger? Shi Feng was surprised.

Shi Feng had encountered other Grandmaster Forgers in the past. However, these Grandmasters would never display their abilities before commoners like himself.

Hence, this was his first time witnessing a Grandmaster Forger’s ability on display.

A forger made weapons and equipment. Their understanding of weapons and equipment was most likely much greater than that of the users themselves.

Despite this clearly being Seliora’s first time wielding Thousand Transformations, Shi Feng could sense that her compatibility rate with the Flawed Weapon was at an extremely frightening level.

If the Abyssal Blade could display 80% of its true power while in Shi Feng’s hand, then Thousand Transformations could display 120% of its true power while in Seliora’s.

This scene fascinated Fire Dance too.

Thousand Transformations was a short sword. Even though Seliora was clearly not an Assassin, Thousand Transformations seemed more like a living being rather than an inanimate object as she wielded it.

When Seliora gave Thousand Transformations a few casual swings, the Flawed Weapon sent ripples through space. Despite having already lost most of its power, Thousand Transformations still managed to tear through the space within the house, leaving behind numerous pitch-black spatial rifts.

Even with Killing Ray, Shi Feng’s swings could never achieve such a standard.

In the next moment, Fire Dance suddenly unsheathed the Truefire Blades that hung at her waist, brandishing them. As she swung the weapons, her body movements contained not a single bit of excess motion. The speed of the Truefire Blades suddenly increased sharply, Fire Dance’s Attack Speed accelerating significantly. Moreover, her attacks were no longer as rigid as before. They now seemed much more relaxed.

“What?!” Shi Feng was thunderstruck.

Fire Dance had only watched Seliora do a few swings, yet she actually managed to break through the final barrier and officially set foot into the realm of top-tier experts. Her power of comprehension was simply too frightening.

So this is the Refinement Realm. No wonder I never could win against Guild Leader! There was actually such a large gap between us. Fire Dance was still reliving the pleasure she felt just now as she looked at the Truefire Blades in her hands.

Shi Feng sighed with emotion at seeing Fire Dance officially enter the Realms of Refinement.

He had spent many years before managing to set foot into the Refinement Realm. On the other hand, Fire Dance had succeeded in less than two months after coming into contact with God’s Domain. Her talent was simply extraordinary. Although some luck was involved in her achievement, luck was also a part of a person’s strength. If it were anybody else, they probably couldn’t set foot into this realm within such a short time.

Now, Zero Wing finally had its second Refinement expert. This would have an immense impact on Zero Wing’s combat power.

As soon as Fire Dance reached Level 40, she would be able to equip both the Petrified Thorn and Thousand Transformations. At that time, even if Shi Feng was not around, Zero Wing would still be an existence that everyone would fear in Star-Moon Kingdom.

It would be great if Violet Cloud can set foot into the Realms of Refinement as well. Shi Feng was not particularly sure how far Fire Dance could reach in the future. With Violet Cloud, however, Shi Feng knew very clearly just how great a potential she had.

Tier 6 God-ranked players were peak existences in God’s Domain.

Not to mention a Tier 6 God-ranked player, if a first-rate Guild managed to produce even one Tier 5 player, the Guild would celebrate and hold feasts for days.

In the past, after a decade of development in God’s Domain, the gap between first-rate Guilds became extremely massive.

Take Ouroboros for example. Even after ten years had passed, the Guild had not boasted a single Tier 6 God-ranked member, though there were quite a few Tier 5 players in the Guild. As a result, Ouroboros was only middling among first-rate Guilds. However, a first-rate Guild that had a Tier 6 God-ranked member would be considered top-tier among first-rate Guilds—even if the entire Guild had only one Tier 6 God-ranked player and no Tier 5 experts.

Meanwhile, due to Aqua Rose and her Mage God friend, Unyielding Ice, Twilight Echo, which had similarly been a first-rate Guild, succeeded in developing into a super-first-rate Guild back then, only a short distance away from becoming a Super Guild.

This potential was the amazing part about Tier 6 God-ranked experts.

As long as Violet Cloud and Aqua Rose continued striving, it was only a matter of time before the both of them set foot into the Realms of Refinement.

After Seliora finished toying around with Thousand Transformations, she turned to Shi Feng and asked, “Are you trying to get this short sword repaired?”

“Mhm. I’ve already prepared the materials needed to repair it.” Saying so, Shi Feng took out the 100 Mana Stones from his bag.

“As your friend, I don’t recommend you repair this sword,” Seliora said seriously. “Although I am not sure what managed to destroy a Flawed Weapon like this, and although the divine runes engraved on Thousand Transformations are still mostly intact, this sword is already dead. Even if you repair it, the weapon won’t be able to display its original strength. After all, Flawed Weapons are essentially failed products.”

“I still wish to have it repaired. A damaged Flawed Weapon is still not bad.” Shi Feng naturally knew about the problem plaguing Thousand Transformations. This problem was the reason why Feather had switched out Thousand Transformations for a better weapon back then. However, Thousand Transformations was not an ordinary Epic Weapon. Even if it could not recover its peak state, it would still be significantly stronger than an ordinary Epic Weapon.

“I’m not finished speaking. If you were to bring this thing to anybody else, they would repair Thousand Transformations and leave you with a barely usable weapon at most. However, after researching the Broken Steel Set Equipment Forging Design you left with me last time, I received plenty of inspiration and produced several weapons, gaining tremendous experience. The Famed Smith that made Thousand Transformations originally intended it to be a Legendary Weapon. However, due to some error in the forging process, the final result was unsatisfactory. Even so, the raw materials used to make Thousand Transformations were extremely precious Legendary ranked materials. As long as I recast it, it might end up becoming a true Legendary Weapon,” Seliora said proudly.

“Recast into a Legendary Weapon?” Shi Feng was stunned.

He never imagined that Seliora actually possessed such remarkable capabilities.

Legendary Weapons were weapons that only Famed Smiths and Craftsman Forgers could produce. The probability of a Grandmaster Forger producing one was abysmally low.

After playing God’s Domain for over a decade, Shi Feng had never once heard of a Grandmaster Forger successfully producing a Legendary Weapon.

“That’s right. Of course, there are some risks as well. If the recasting fails…the weapon will naturally end up scrapped,” Seliora said sternly.

“What is the success rate?” Shi Feng asked.

“Hmm… Roughly 20%. How about it? Pretty high, right? An Epic Weapon has a 20% chance to become a Legendary Weapon. This is a trade that you’ll never be able to find anywhere else,” Seliora said as she puffed her chest out proudly.

“I’ll stick with repairing it,” Shi Feng said definitively.

What a joke! Only a 20% chance of success meant an 80% chance of failure. If it were three or five years later, not to mention 20%, even if there was only a 5% chance, he would willingly take the gamble. Now, however, he could not afford to do so.

Currently, the value of an Epic Weapon was in no way inferior to a Legendary Weapon. How could he possibly let Seliora turn one into scrap metal?