Chapter 762

Chapter 762 – Grandmaster Forger

Unparalleled never thought that Aqua Rose would not show any intention of persuading him at all. With no better choice, he could only sign the contract.

Currently, over a hundred Guilds had come to Zero Wing’s Residence in Stone Forest Town, and over a dozen of them were second-rate Guilds. Who knew which Guild had signed Zero Wing’s contract, and which had not?

It would be fine if nobody signed a contract with Zero Wing. However, if some did while others did not, those who did not sign it would definitely fall behind in their development at the Stoneclaw Mountains.

After all, the rest stop known as Stone Forest Town was simply too beneficial for the purpose.

On one hand, members of Guilds that signed the contract needed to travel only about an hour to reach the Regional Dungeon. On the other hand, players from Guilds that did not sign it had a travel time of over a dozen hours. The former would have a tremendous advantage over the latter, whether it was in terms of revival point or equipment repair.

If the situation persisted, what would become of the second-rate Guilds that did not sign the contract?

Magic Crystal was now the most critical resource after Coins.

Even after handing over 15% of its Magic Crystals, a Guild would still earn substantially more than the alternative should they abandon the assistance of Stone Forest Town.

In the end, the choice was obvious.

It seems that from now on, nobody will be able to stop Zero Wing’s development in Star-Moon Kingdom, Unparalleled thought as he left the meeting room. When he saw the reception hall packed full of Guild representatives, he could not help but sigh inwardly.

In truth, they should already consider themselves lucky.

Unlike them, the dozen or so Guilds that had secretly assisted the Star Alliance did not even get the opportunity to sign the contract. Zero Wing had immediately banished these Guilds from Stone Forest Town after the war ended.

In the future, these Guilds would most likely not be able to develop themselves at the Stoneclaw Mountains even if they wanted to.

On the other hand, due to this contract, Zero Wing’s income in Magic Crystals would increase by two- or threefold at the very minimum.

Originally, the Guild’s daily income of Magic Crystals was already plenty frightening—enough to supply the daily needs of every core member within the Guild. This provision was a feat no other Guild could achieve.

If Zero Wing’s Magic Crystal supply doubled or tripled, the Guild’s core members wouldn’t be the only ones to receive Magic Crystals from the Guild. The Guild’s elite members would be able to get a share too. At that time, even Zero Wing’s elite members would improve rapidly.

—

Inside one of the Special Forging Rooms of the Candlelight Trading Firm, Shi Feng finished synthesizing 100 Mana Stones after two hours. The amount of Magic Crystals he had expended was somewhat lower than he had initially expected—only over 8,000 crystals.

The Mana Stones placed on the table looked splendorous. Just their presence increased the Mana density within the entire room significantly. Although the Mana Stones were merely the size of a fist, they contained a frightening amount of Mana. If fully utilized, there was enough Mana here to turn the entire Stone Forest Town into ash instantly.

My job’s finally done. Next up will be repairing Thousand Transformations. Shi Feng carefully put away the 100 Mana Stones. He then looked towards Fire Dance and said, “Let’s go. We’re going to visit a smithy.”

Although Fire Dance had no idea why they were going to a smithy, she still followed after Shi Feng immediately, leaving behind the serene and elegant Special Forging Room.

Shi Feng first stored the Philosopher’s Stone back in his Warehouse. He then took an advanced horse carriage with Fire Dance and headed towards Seliora’s smithy.

To ordinary players, even meeting a Master Forger was already a tough challenge. As for meeting a Grandmaster Forger, that was practically a dream.

However, no one less than a Grandmaster Forger could repair a weapon like Thousand Transformations.

Besides Seliora, Shi Feng had never heard of another Grandmaster Forger in Star-Moon Kingdom.

If he had not been lucky enough to help Seliora become a Grandmaster Forger, Shi Feng would most likely be having a massive headache at this moment over figuring out how to get Thousand Transformations repaired.

Shi Feng did not know that, when Galaxy Past had obtained Thousand Transformations, he had been extremely elated. He had even mobilized the entire Star Alliance to search for a Grandmaster Forger. Unfortunately, even after scouring the length and breadth of Star-Moon Kingdom, they could not find any trace of a Grandmaster Forger within the kingdom. In the end, he had no choice but to give up on the endeavor.

If Galaxy Past were to find out that Shi Feng was able to locate one so casually, he would definitely have a heart attack. Not only had he failed to use the item that he had obtained after going through many difficulties, but he had also given his enemy an advantage.

When Shi Feng arrived before Seliora’s smithy, the large steel door of the little house was still shut tight. There was not a single player or NPC present in this place.

After he gave the steel door a few knocks, a gap cracked open.

“Oh, it’s you,” Seliora mumbled. She then opened the door and said, “Come in.”

At this moment, Seliora had a sleepy look on her face. She had on a tight, black leather shirt and short, black leather pants. Not only was her appearance extremely sexy, but she also looked like a lazy kitten that had not gotten enough sleep. To the ordinary male, her demeanor was pure temptation. Even Fire Dance was mesmerized by Seliora, her eyes fixed on the Grandmaster Forger’s body.

“Fire Dance! Fire Dance!” After entering the house, Shi Feng discovered that Fire Dance still hadn’t moved. And even after he called out to her twice, she remained dazed.

Shi Feng could not help but shake his head and laugh at this scene.

Seliora was a rose in the forging world. A countless number of young males had tried courting her before, including the prince of an empire. One could see just how amazing Seliora was.

However, Seliora’s attractiveness lay not just in her appearance. There was also her temperament. Lookswise, Seliora was only on par with Gentle Snow, whereas figurewise, she was on par with Zhao Yueru. Generally speaking, Seliora’s appearance was not enough to seduce a great beauty like Fire Dance. Seliora had only managed to captivate Fire Dance due to her unique temperament.

If Shi Feng were still the young sapling that he had been back then, Seliora would have most likely sucked out his soul already. Unfortunately, Shi Feng was no longer the same as before. His willpower had long since grown to surpass ordinary people’s.

He quickly flicked Fire Dance’s forehead.

“Guild Leader?” Fire Dance covered her reddened forehead with her hands, confused about Shi Feng’s actions.

“The fact that Seliora mesmerized you shows that your training is deficient. After we return, we’ll need to make sure you properly cultivate your willpower,” Shi Feng explained slowly. “Fortunately, the one you encountered right now is Seliora. If you were to encounter Medusa, you would have most likely been petrified by now.”

Medusa was one of God’s Domain’s Ten Great Beauties. She was also one of the legendary figures in God’s Domain. Even without using any Skills, Medusa could make countless expert players surrender themselves to her, regardless of gender.

Fire Dance nodded wordlessly. Inwardly, however, she was very curious as to why Seliora would suddenly enthrall her.

“Being mesmerized is not a problem. The great characters and powerful monsters in God’s Domain have already reached an extremely high level of mental strength. Even without doing anything, they can affect a player’s mental state. This is your first time encountering a great character like Seliora, so your reaction is very normal,” Shi Feng explained.

In truth, with Fire Dance’s mental strength and willpower, Seliora should not have been able to mesmerize her so easily. Only, the current Seliora was no longer the Seliora Shi Feng had known in the past. Instead, she was now a Grandmaster Forger.

Through normal identification, Shi Feng could see only Seliora’s name. Both her Level and Tier were in question marks.

Even after utilizing Omniscient Eyes, the only additional information Shi Feng managed to obtain was Seliora’s Level and class.

[Seliora] (Human, Grandmaster Forger)

Level 200

HP ? ? ? ? ? ?/ ? ? ? ? ? ?

“Speak. Why have you come looking for me?” Seliora asked as she tidied up her forging materials.

If it were any other player, Seliora would’ve most likely chased them away by now. However, Shi Feng was the player who had helped her become a Grandmaster Forger. Hence, he received better treatment from her.

“I wish to have this weapon repaired,” Shi Feng said. He then took out Thousand Transformations from his bag.

With just a single glance, Seliora’s eyes immediately widened when she saw the broken sword.

“The Flawed Weapon Thousand Transformations! This is great! With this, I can finally complete the weapon I designed before!” Seliora instantly appeared in front of Shi Feng and snatched Thousand Transformations out of his hands, her eyes flashing with excitement.