Chapter 768

Chapter 768 – Summoning Flute

In God’s Domain, killing a Field Boss for the first time would double its drop-rate. Hence, large Guilds loved to raid bosses on new maps.

Players had yet to develop C ell Volcano. All of its Bosses were untouched.

If anyone killed the Bosses here, they would obtain a treasure trove. Furthermore, Shi Feng had a Skill like Divine Providence, which greatly increased his Luck Attribute.

Despite Level 50 and above monsters having poor drop-rates, after Shi Feng applied Divine Providence, the Violent Flame Bear dropped a frightening amount of loot.

Not only did the Great Lord dropped over 20 items, but it had also given everyone a bounty of EXP. A Level 50 Great Lord already provided an abundant sum of EXP, but after including the bonus EXP for defeating a monster of a higher Level, some members even gained a full level, climbing from 32 to 33.

“The EXP is awesome! I gained 40% of a level after just a little over ten minutes of hard work! If I had to level up myself, I probably wouldn’t even get this much after half a day of grinding. If we continue leveling up like this, it won’t be long before we reach Level 40. We’ll be able to buy our own Mounts!” Blackie could not help his excitement when he saw his experience bar.

He had never thought that a Field Great Lord would provide so much EXP. Even after splitting the Great Lord’s EXP between 100 people, he obtained nearly half of an entire Level. He was already Level 33. He required a massive amount of EXP to level up. Even if he grinded and raided Dungeons nonstop, it would take him at least two or three days to reach Level 34.

Now, however, he only needed to kill two more Great Lords to reach Level 34. He could level faster than a rocket.

Shi Feng simply laughed and shook his head as he watched Blackie’s reaction.

His friend was too optimistic. Although it was true that Field Bosses provided an abundance of EXP and that they had only taken a dozen minutes or so to defeat the Violent Flame Bear, Field Bosses were not Common monsters and were not easy to find. Take Campbell Mountain for example. There were only two Great Lords in this entire map. After these Bosses died, it would take them a day to respawn. They could not grind them indefinitely.

Moreover, they had been able to kill this Boss due to the Tier 3 Demon. Without the Tier 3 Demon tanking the Great Lord, with their current Level and equipment, killing a Level 50 Great Lord was impossible for them as they were.

“Guild Leader, what did the Boss drop?” Although Cola was similarly shocked by the EXP he had received, he was more interested in the Boss’s loot.

Hearing Cola’s question, everyone redirected their attention towards the loot as well.

A Great Lord ranked Boss’s loot was a temptation to any Guild in God’s Domain.

“The loot is alright. The Flame Bear dropped eight weapons and pieces of equipment. Among them, one is a Level 50 Dark-Gold ranked plate armor; one is a Dark-Gold ranked two-handed battle axe, and the rest are all Fine-Gold rank. However, this flute is the most precious item among the loot.” After Shi Feng finished arranging the drops, he smiled as he revealed a silver flute.

Players were lucky if an ordinary Level 50 Great Lord dropped even ten items. It was only due to the first-kill bonus and Shi Feng’s high Luck Attribute that the Violent Flame Bear had dropped over 20. Among the items, over half were rare materials. The materials were all good quality, and even an ingot of Inferno Gold, an item with an extremely low drop-rate, had dropped. They had definitely profited from this raid.

However, what had surprised Shi Feng the most was the appearance of the silver flute in his hands.

“Guild Leader, what’s so special about this flute?” Even after examining it for a long moment, Aqua Rose could not see any peculiarities about the silver flute.

The others couldn’t see anything special about it, either.

There was only one line of text introducing this silver flute.

[Broken Flute]

If they had picked up this item during a normal hunt, they would have sold it to an NPC as garbage.

“You guys have heard of Summoning Flutes, right?” Shi Feng smiled faintly as he provided a hint.

“What?! Guild Leader, are you saying this is a Mount?!” the Guardian Knight Turtledove shouted excitedly.

While everyone else relied on their own feet for travel, it would be absurdly awesome if she could ride a high-ranking Mount.

Mounts were still out of players’ reach, and it wasn’t only because of their low levels. The main issue was money. Even after reaching Level 40, players needed to 40 Gold to purchase a steed.

Even to expert players, 40 Gold was astronomical.

Furthermore, expert players would not be satisfied with a Common Mount. However, obtaining rarer mounts was extremely difficult. A Guild Mount also required a lot of time and resources to nurture. Hence, riding a high-ranking Mount right now was practically a dream.

Everyone began drooling over the silver flute in Shi Feng’s hands.

“This flute should trigger a quest that rewards a Mount. The Mount should be Bronze rank at the very least. It might even be Mysterious-Iron rank.” Shi Feng was relatively familiar with Mount Quests. A Mount Quest generally awarded a Bronze Mount. However, as they had obtained this flute by killing a Field Boss for the first time, the Mount Quest might even reward a Mysterious-Iron Mount. “Alright, which one of you wants it? We’ll start the bidding at 50,000 GCPs.”

In terms of Coins, 50,000 GCPs were worth roughly 150 Gold.

A Bronze Mount would cost far more than just 150 Gold. There was also a chance that this silver flute would yield a Mysterious-Iron Mount. If that were the case, the Mount would be worth several times more.

“Guild Leader, don’t you want it? This is a high-ranking Mount!” Aqua Rose asked strangely.

Shi Feng was Zero Wing’s Guild Leader. He was their Guild’s face. He should be seen on the best Mount they could find.

Although she knew that the Guild had already captured a Mount, the Guild Stable had not been built yet. None of them could purchase a Guild Mount right now. Moreover, a Guild Mount only started out slightly stronger than a Common Mount. It was far from the prestige of a Bronze or Mysterious-Iron Mount.

“I already have one, so you can fight for it.” Shi Feng smiled faintly. He had not told anyone that he had obtained an even better Mount when he had visited the Dark Den.

When everyone heard that Shi Feng would not participate in the auction, their hearts pounded as they frantically shouted their bids.

In just a short moment, the bidding had increased past 100,000 GCPs. However, this was only the beginning. As the main force’s ordinary members reached their limits, Blackie, Fire Dance, Aqua Rose, Violet Cloud, Cola, and the other upper echelons joined the auction.

“One-hundred and forty thousand!”

“One-hundred and forty-five thousand!”

“One-hundred and fifty thousand!”

…

“Two-hundred and twenty thousand!”

As the upper echelons reached their limits, Aqua Rose shouted an offer that disappointed everyone present.

Aqua Rose did not normally utilize her Guild Contribution Points. She also often donated plenty of weapons and equipment to the Guild Warehouse. Hence, she had accumulated an immense amount of GCPs. Her offer instantly dismissed everyone’s hopes.

If converted to Coins, 220,000 GCPs would be worth 660 Gold.

If other Guilds discovered that Aqua Rose had only spent 660 Gold to purchase a Mysterious-Iron Mount, they would be shocked. If it were up to them, they would not hesitate to spend 1,000 Gold on purchasing the Mount.

Following which, Shi Feng handed the silver flute to Aqua Rose as envy swept through the team.

Before she had even reached Level 40, Aqua Rose had obtained a high-ranking Mount. As soon as she reached Level 40, she could travel through God’s Domain with ease.

“Alright, enough idling. Split up and search for the other Great Lord. Who knows? The next one might drop another Mount as well,” Shi Feng said, laughing.

Shi Feng’s words motivated everyone instantly as they began searching for the other Great Lord in Campbell Volcano.