Chapter 760

Chapter 760 – Flawed Weapon Thousand Transformations

Inside Shi Feng’s bag, aside from the Bible of Darkness, the broken sword was the next most powerful item.

Even the Epic Weapon Petrified Thorn could not compete with the broken sword’s presence.

“Just what kind of weapon is this?” Shi Feng carefully retrieved the broken sword from his bag and clicked to check its statistics.

[Dilapidated Broken Sword]

It’s impossible to tell which era this ancient weapon originated from based on its appearance. However, the broken sword’s blade radiates a frightening magic power, and its edge is still sharp enough to slice through space itself. Although the blade has already been broken, its engraved, divine runes are still intact. More secrets might be revealed under a Grandmaster Forger’s examination.

“What a powerful weapon. I actually need to take it to a Grandmaster Forger if I want to know anything more.” Shi Feng’s interest in the broken sword grew.

A Master Forger was already a towering figure in God’s Domain. There were very few throughout Star-Moon Kingdom.

As for a Grandmaster Forger, they were treated with fear and respect, regardless of where they were from. There had been a countless Tier 4 and Tier 5 powerhouses who dreamed of hiring a Grandmaster Forger to craft them a custom weapon.

In God’s Domain, who wouldn’t want a weapon that had been made specifically for them?

Although Master Forgers could produce Epic Weapons, their success rate was abysmally low. Even so, many powerhouses flocked to them. After all, a tailored Epic Weapon would allow them to exert more of their own strength. Hence, Master Forgers enjoyed a lofty position in society.

Meanwhile, a Grandmaster Forger had a much greater chance of producing an Epic item. They even had some chance of producing a Legendary item. In terms of status, Master Forgers could not compete with them at all.

“I want to see just what this broken sword’s true identity is.” Saying so, Shi Feng activated Omniscient Eyes to appraise the broken sword.

After a full 30 seconds, Omniscient Eyes finally finished appraising the broken sword.

[Thousand Transformations]

Sixty-fifth of God’s Domain’s 108 Flawed Weapons. However, due to the sword’s broken blade, it is now no more than scrap metal. Fortunately, the blade’s divine runes remain nearly intact. The sword can be remolded and repaired using 100 Mana Stones.

“So, this is the rumored Flawed Weapon Thousand Transformations.” In the past, Shi Feng had only heard about this shortsword.

Throughout God’s Domain, there were a total of 36 Famed Swords and 108 Flawed Weapons. Famed Smiths and Craftsman Forgers had crafted everyone, and they were all peerless weapons.

Legendary figures had once used the 36 Famed Swords.

The Flawed Weapons, on the other hand, were different. Although the legendary figures of the past had never wielded any of these weapons, they were something far beyond ordinary Epic Weapons.

After all, the Flawed Weapons were the results of Famed Smiths and Craftsman Forgers’ failed attempts to forge Legendary Weapons.

A weapon produced with the same materials as a Legendary Weapon was naturally not something ordinary Epic Weapons could compare to.

Meanwhile, the Thousand Transformations had been made vastly famous by a player in Shi Feng’s previous life.

In the past, a Tier 6 Assassin God had wielded the Thousand Transformations and had claimed countless expert lives with the blade. Among those experts, even the era’s apex experts had died to the blade. This was precisely the reason that Assassin had become one of God’s Domain’s solo players that others feared and respected.

Meanwhile, that Assassin’s name had been Feather. Although his ID was ordinary, nobody dared to show him disrespect.

In the past, a few people with too much time on their hands had compiled a list of God’s Domain’s solo players that one should avoid provoking. Among them, the top ten were known as the Ten Great Solo Players.

One of these Ten Great Solo Players had been the Cleric God Violet Cloud.

However, Violet Cloud had merely ranked eighth on the list, whereas the Assassin God Feather had ranked third.

Shi Feng had never imagined that he would obtain Feather’s weapon.

Although 100 Mana Stones is a steep price, owning a Flawed Weapon will be a worthwhile trade. Shi Feng inwardly smiled.

For most, obtaining one Mana Stone was an extremely difficult endeavor. To Shi Feng, however, there was no challenge to it at all.

He only needed enough Magic Crystals to synthesize.

Immediately, Shi Feng contacted Melancholic Smile and Fire Dance. He had Melancholic Smile retrieve 10,000 Magic Crystals and instructed Fire Dance wait for him at the Candlelight Trading Firm.

An hour later, Shi Feng arrived. Both Fire Dance and Melancholic Smile had waited patiently in his Special Forging Room.

“Guild Leader, those are the 10,000 Magic Crystals you’ve asked for,” Melancholic Smile said as she pointed towards the Magic Crystals carefully stacked on the table.

If other Guilds realized that Zero Wing could easily take out 10,000 Magic Crystals, they might bang their heads against a wall in frustration.

Shi Feng nodded.

Ten thousand Magic Crystals should be just enough to synthesize 100 Mana Stones. If converted to Coins, 100 Mana Stones was worth far more than an Epic Weapon.

However, anyone would be willing to trade 100 Mana Stones for a Flawed Weapon.

“Guild Leader, why have you called me here?” Fire Dance asked softly. Although she was thrilled that Shi Feng had called for her, she was not a forger. She was only apt at fighting. She could not help the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“What do you think about this weapon?” Shi Feng retrieved the Petrified Thorn from his bag and handed it to Fire Dance.

After receiving the weapon, Fire Dance checked its statistics and was stunned.

“An Epic Weapon!” Fire Dance could not believe her eyes.

The Truefire Blades were top-tier, even among Dark-Gold Weapons. Compared to the Petrified Thorn, however, they were no different than trash.

“Yes. This weapon is for you. I hope you use it well,” Shi Feng said. He could not help but smile as he watched Fire Dance’s excitement. “However, this is only one of the two I’ve prepared for you. You’ll have to wait a while for the second.”

“Another one?!” Fire Dance was nearly dying with excitement after receiving an Epic Weapon. Yet, now, Shi Feng was actually going to give her a second one. Fire Dance had even wondered if she had misheard him.

It wasn’t just Fire Dance, but Melancholic Smile, who stood beside her, was similarly shocked.

Until now, although she had heard about the various large Guilds accumulating quite a stock of top-tier Dark-Gold Weapons, she had yet to hear anything regarding the rumored Epic Weapons. One could just imagine how rare Epic Weapons were.

Yet, Shi Feng could hand out two such weapons so casually. Moreover, both were meant for Assassins. It was simply inconceivable.

“Melancholic, take this design and learn it. Use as many materials in the warehouse as you need. If there are not enough, have Aqua Rose try to obtain more. Produce as many as you can.” Shi Feng then handed the Strengthening Device Forging Design to Melancholic Smile.

Although forging the Strengthening Device was particularly difficult, Melancholic Smile was an Intermediate Forger. With a little practice, she should have a relatively high success rate.

Shi Feng did not have the time to forge the items himself, of course.

Melancholic Smile’s eyes shone after she examined the design.

Nothing interested a forger more than forging designs. It was especially true for advanced forging designs. Compared to Epic Weapons, the Strengthening Device Forging Design was far more attractive to Melancholic Smile.

Moreover, the Strengthening Device’s effect was astounding. It would significantly reduce equipment’s Durability consumption. Unlike the Advanced Whetstones, the demand for this item on the market would be immense. Advanced Whetstones had already saturated the market, and many Guilds could produce their own.

On the other hand, the Strengthening Device would be unique to the Candlelight Trading Firm. It would become a hot-selling item, no matter where they sold it.

After Shi Feng finished directing the women, Melancholic Smile rushed back to her own Special Forging Room to research the Strengthening Device’ production method, leaving Fire Dance and Shi Feng behind.