Chapter 772

Chapter 772 – Extraordinary Ability

Due to Thousand Transformations, the temperature in the smithy had increased rapidly. Shi Feng felt as if he stood in the mouth of a volcano.

Despite standing ten yards away from the Flawed Weapon, Shi Feng received tens of damage with each passing second.

If a player with low Fire Resistance stood in his place, they would not last ten seconds. Fortunately, Fire Dance was cocooned deep inside the magic array. She did not receive a single point of damage from the heat. Naturally, Seliora didn’t need to worry about the heat.

“Stand further away!” Seliora reminded Shi Feng with a low command. A bottle of dark-blue liquid then appeared in her hands.

The instant Seliora took out this bottle, the smithy’s temperature decreased significantly.

Shi Feng was still basking in the aftertaste of Seliora’s forging process. However, upon hearing Seliora’s reminder, he ran out of the smithy.

Shi Feng was no stranger to forgers. He was even a famous forger himself.

Although Shi Feng had watched Master Forgers work many times in the past, he had never once witnessed the forging process of a Grandmaster Forger. He had never imagined there was actually such a huge difference between a Master Forger and a Grandmaster Forger. The experience of watching Seliora work had been quite valuable.

Even after ten years, Grandmaster Forgers had still been extremely rare in God’s Domain. Even the Guild Leader of a Super Guild had to treat such an existence with great respect. One could imagine just how high a Grandmaster Forger’s status was.

Initially, Shi Feng had thought that the largest difference between a Master Forger and a Grandmaster Forger was their research and understanding of materials. However, after watching Seliora work, he realized the difference wasn’t just the understanding of materials. A Master Forger could never hope to compare to a Grandmaster’s understanding of divine runes, curses, and magic arrays as well.

It was no wonder why the Master Forgers of Shadow had never reached Grandmaster status, regardless of how hard they had tried. The strength of Grandmaster Forgers was ridiculous.

“Fortunately, I recorded Seliora’s entire recasting process. Afterward, if I show the recording to Melancholic Smile and the others, they might have a better chance of becoming Grandmaster Forgers.” Shi Feng, who waited outside Seliora’s house, could not help smiling.

After Shi Feng had left the house, Seliora opened the deep-blue bottle and poured a single drop of the deep-blue liquid onto the glowing Thousand Transformations. The instant the deep-blue liquid connected with Thousand Transformations, the Flawed Weapon cooled at a visible rate. The smithy also chilled to become a frozen hell.

Although the smithy looked simple, extremely powerful magic arrays strengthened the area. Nothing from the outside world could disturb the house’s interior. Likewise, nothing inside the house could disturb the outside world. Hence, Shi Feng, who stood outside the house, was safe. He could not even sense the drastic changes inside the house.

Only after another half an hour had passed did Seliora call Shi Feng back.

Thousand Transformations had already cooled completely. It was finished. The Flawed Weapon was white as snow. The sword’s blade also emitted a faint glow, looking like a star in the night sky. Despite doing nothing beyond hovering in the air, Shi Feng could feel a frightening power radiating from the short sword.

“Was it a success?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

If it were a success, then the moment Fire Dance equipped the weapon, her Attributes would most likely surpass his by a wide margin. After all, he only had a single Fragmented Legendary item on his person. A complete Legendary item had the power to decimate the heaven and earth. Several Epic items and a Fragmented Legendary item could not compare.

Unfortunately, Seliora shook her head in disappointment and said, “Although I’ve completed the runes on the sword, there are some defects in the original materials. It can only reach Fragmented Legendary rank. If I had the complete Thousand Transformations, it might’ve become a Legendary Weapon.”

Shi Feng expressed his sympathy when he saw Seliora’s disappointment.

Every Grandmaster Forger dreamed of creating a Legendary Weapon of their own. Although Seliora had not been forging an entirely new weapon, only recasting one, if she succeeded, it would be of immense help towards making a Legendary Weapon in the future.

However, he had expected this.

A Legendary Weapon was not easily obtainable. It was not something he would stumble across after completing a single Hidden Epic Quest. A Fragmented Legendary item was the limit. If he wanted to obtain a Legendary Weapon, he would have to complete a Legendary Quest at the very minimum.

If Galaxy Past knew that his death had given Zero Wing an additional Fragmented Legendary item, he would probably die from a heart attack.

Shi Feng could imagine just how much effort Galaxy Past had put into obtaining Thousand Transformations. However, it had fallen into Zero Wing’s hands. As for Feather, the future God-ranked Assassin, Shi Feng could only apologize to him.

“Come; test it out,” Seliora said as she turned to Fire Dance, who had been frozen in place throughout this process.

Players could wield and test any weapon in God’s Domain. However, if they did not meet the necessary requirements, they could not use the weapon in battle.

When Fire Dance grasped the hovering Thousand Transformations, she was instantly stunned.

Only after a long moment did she dazedly make a few casual swings. Suddenly, a silver flash appeared in the smithy. Despite only swinging the weapon a few times, it felt as if the silver sword were present throughout the building. Moreover, only the Sacred Sword Killing Ray in Shi Feng’s hands could match this sword’s speed.

So strong!

Shi Feng watched the myriad of sword images that filled the space, feeling threatened. Despite being a Void Realm expert, he could not predict the Thousand Transformations’ attack trajectory. He also couldn’t tell which image was real and which image was just an afterimage. They all seemed real and fake at the same time.

Is this the true power of Thousand Transformations?

Shi Feng had watched Feather’s battle videos in the past. However, Thousand Transformations had not been this powerful. Although Feather’s attacks with Thousand Transformations had also created numerous sword images, a Refinement Realm expert could, more or less, differentiate the fakes from the real deal. Meanwhile, Shi Feng had already reached the Void Realm, yet, he couldn’t differentiate between the sword images Fire Dance had created. Even though he could feel many of the sword images were fake and were out of sync with Fire Dance’s movements, the pressure these sword images gave off felt very real to him.

“There is a reason why this sword was named the Thousand Transformations. When swung, it can transform its user’s attack into a myriad of forms and confuse the enemy. However, when the opponent attempts to retaliate, they will quickly discover that most of the sword images are fake. Yet, when struck by these fakes, they will receive damage. Thousand Transformations can interchange illusions with reality. It’s a pity that it did not become a Legendary Weapon. It would have been truly magnificent,” Seliora explained, smiling. As she had personally upgraded this weapon to Fragmented Legendary rank, she understood Thousand Transformations like the palm of her hand. “How about it? Do you feel any discomfort while using it?”

Fire Dance was still deeply immersed in the sensation of using Thousand Transformations. Even after Seliora asked her a question, she remained unresponsive.

However, judging from Fire Dance’s current reaction, it was obvious that the weapon fit her like a glove…

“Guild Leader, it feels like this weapon is a part of my body! I can even feel the blade cut across air!” Fire Dance said excitedly as she wielded Thousand Transformations like a favorite toy.

“Of course! This is a Fragmented Legendary Weapon Lady Seliora has personally adjusted for you. It should fit you far better than any other Fragmented Legendary Weapon. You should feel that way,” Shi Feng laughed. “Alright, stop playing with it for now. Thousand Transformations already belongs to you. You have all the time in the world to analyze it. Let me see its Attributes.”