Chapter 773

Chapter 773 – Strongest Attributes

Shi Feng was incredibly curious to see how powerful a Fragmented Legendary Weapon was.

There were quite a number of Fragmented Legendary items in God’s Domain. However, those who had obtained Fragmented Legendary items were not fools. They would not intentionally reveal their item’s Attributes, allowing their opponents an opportunity to guess their strength and discover weaknesses.

Moreover, Fragmented Legendary items that belonged to large Guilds were kept as Guild secrets. They wouldn’t even advertise owning one, much less revealing the item’s Attributes.

Although Shi Feng had been Shadow’s Guild Leader in the past, the Guild had not owned a single Fragmented Legendary item. On the other hand, the Guild had owned quite a few Epic items. However, at the end of the day, an Epic Weapon was only an Epic Weapon. It could never compare to a Fragmented Legendary Weapon.

Hearing Shi Feng’s request, Fire Dance lost her composure. Hurriedly, she sent Shi Feng the Thousand Transformations’ statistics.

“As expected of a Fragmented Legendary Weapon. Compared to this, an Epic Weapon is practically garbage.” Shi Feng’s hands involuntarily trembled when he saw the weapon’s Attributes.

[Thousand Transformations] (One-handed Sword, Fragmented Legendary Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 700, Agility 700

Attack Power (200% of Strength)

Attack Speed (2% of Agility)

All Attributes (Increases according to user’s level)

When equipped:

Strength increased by 50%, Agility increased by 60%, Intelligence increased by 40%, Endurance increased by 50%, Attack Speed increased by 50%

Ignore Levels +20

All Skills +3 Levels

All item level requirements reduced by 10 Levels.

Attacks have:

60% chance to trigger Deadly Blow, increasing damage by 220% and Attack Speed by 20%.

20% chance to trigger Critical Point effect, ignoring all block and Defense effects, and dealing 330% weapon damage.

Additional Skill 1-

Phantom: When activated, summons five doppelgangers. The doppelgangers share Attributes with the wielder. They do not have any Attack Power. All attacks against doppelgangers will have no effect. User can freely swap positions with any of the five doppelgangers without Cooldown.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 1 hour

Additional Skill 2-

True Illusion: If wielder dies within 40 seconds upon activation, wielder will respawn at full HP nearby. Grants 3 seconds of invulnerability. All buffs before death will remain in effect.

Cooldown: 48 hours

Additional Skill 3-

Illusory Power: Increases Strength by 80%, Agility by 100%, and Movement Speed by 70%. All damage received has a 50% chance to be sent into the void. Grants immunity to all control effects.

Duration: 3 minutes

Cooldown: 5 hours

Created by Famed Smith Jax. Thousand Transformations is 65th of God’s Domain’s 108 Flawed Weapons. It had lost all its power due to the blade’s destruction. However, it had been recast by Grandmaster Forger Seliora.

Unable to be dropped.

Unable to be traded.

Unable to be destroyed.

User: Fire Dance

An Epic Weapon could never hope to compare to the Thousand Transformations’ Attributes, much less the Additional Skills.

This weapon was perfect for Assassins.

However, the most impressive aspect of Thousand Transformations was the True Illusion Skill. It was even more amazing than the Full Revival Skill.

Even when a player revived with Full Revival, they would still have to suffer the death penalty and lose a Level. Moreover, the monster they fought would leave combat due to their death. When said player challenged the same monster again, the monster would have recovered to full HP. The player would have to start the battle all over again.

However, True Illusion was different. It could dismiss a player’s death, allowing them to reappear with full HP without needing to lose a Level. Even if one died in mid-battle against a monster, they could reappear and continue fighting immediately.

In PvP, this Skill was even more powerful. In ordinary Duels, this Skill might not be useful as the system would declare the outcome of the battle as soon as a player’s HP fell to 1. In a Death Match, however, the battle would only end after a player had died. In such a situation, True Illusion would take effect, allowing the player to reappear with full HP instantly. The system would not judge the player as the loser, and the battle would continue.

With this Skill, with the survivability of Assassins, it would be near-possible to kill Fire Dance. If one did not have the strength to instant-kill Fire Dance, they would not be able to kill her at all.

Moreover, Thousand Transformations was now a personal weapon. Even if others wanted the Flawed Weapon, they could not steal it from her. Of course, if Fire Dance obtained better equipment, Thousand Transformations would go to waste. There were both pros and cons.

“Can you equip it now?” Shi Feng asked Fire Dance, his excitement evident in his tone.

If Fire Dance could equip Thousand Transformations right now, they would have a much easier time in the Dark Arena. After all, that was a team battle. An individual’s strength was limited.

To prevent monster-like characters from dominating the entire competition, the Dark Arena ran team battles. This way, the outcome was much harder to predict. It was also impossible for one player to carry a battle team to victory.

A battle team was only likely to secure victory if the majority of the members were very powerful.

If Fire Dance equipped Thousand Transformations, it would undeniably increase the Asura Battle Team’s chances of victory.

“My Agility is sufficient. However, I don’t have enough Strength.” Fire Dance was similarly tempted and wished she could equip the new weapon immediately. However, the weapon demanded 700 Strength, and of everyone in Zero Wing, only Shi Feng had met this requirement.

“How far are you from the requirement?” Shi Feng asked.

“I’m short by 133 points,” Fire Dance felt helpless. Unfortunately, she had placed the majority of her Free Attribute Points into Agility. Her Tier 3 Gemstones were also all Agility-types. However, had she not focused on her Agility, she wouldn’t have enough for that requirement either.

“That’s quite a lot.” Shi Feng frowned. If it were only several dozen points, he had some ways to make up for the gap. However, over 100 points was a little too much. Unless she could replace her equipment…”Right, now that you’re Level 38, you should be able to equip the Petrified Thorn! Try!”

The Tier 1 Set Equipment for Assassins, the Dark Melody Set, could decrease the equipment requirement by 3 Levels. The Petrified Thorn could only be equipped at Level 40. As for the other equipment requirements, Fire Dance had fulfilled them long ago. She could equip the Petrified Thorn now.

Being reminded by Shi Feng, Fire Dance hurriedly replaced the Sub-hand Truefire Blade with the Petrified Thorn.

Immediately, her Attributes skyrocketed.

Not only did an Epic Weapon provided more fixed Attributes, but it also increased a player’s Basic Attributes by a fixed percentage after being equipped. Take the Petrified Thorn for example. When equipped, it would increase the wielders’ Strength and Agility by 10%.

Moreover, the Truefire Blade was only a Level 30 Dark-Gold Weapon. How could it possibly compete with a Level 40 Epic Weapon in terms of Attributes?

Sure enough, after Fire Dance equipped the Petrified Thorn, she was only 32 Strength short of reaching 700 points.

Afterward, Shi Feng led Fire Dance to the Candlelight Trading Firm and had her replace some of the Tier 3 Agility Gemstones with Tier 3 Strength Gemstones, instantly pushing her Strength to 700 points. Her Agility remained above 700 as well.

“Test it out,” Shi Feng said. He could not help but laugh at Fire Dance’s slightly nervous expression.

“Mhm.” Fire Dance then replaced her main weapon with Thousand Transformations.

Immediately, Fire Dance’s aura changed massively. The pressure Shi Feng felt from her also increased tremendously. The Assassin now felt like a ferocious beast that had just woken and bared its sharp fangs.

Shi Feng was incomparably excited to see Fire Dance’s strength increase.

Currently, in terms of Basic Attributes, Fire Dance had surpassed him.

“Alright, it’s time to make a trip to the Fire Dragon Empire.” Shi Feng smiled.