Chapter 779

Chapter 779 – Zero Wing’s True Appearance

Hearing Zhao Yueru’s shriek, Gentle Snow, who sat beside her in silver armor, could not help but turn to look.

“This…” Gentle Snow was slightly surprised as well.

Even in Star-Moon Kingdom, Ye Feng unknown to the public.

However, Gentle Snow knew very well that, if not for Ye Feng’s help, it would have been impossible for her to defeat Cao Chenghua.

One could say that Ye Feng was quite strong.

However, being strong and being able to participate in the Dark Arena were entirely different things.

After not encountering Ye Feng for a short time, the man had become one of the Dark Arena’s participants. This sudden development was truly shocking.

Just what kind of place was the Dark Arena?

It was a hub for the top powers in God’s Domain. Even the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild was not qualified to receive an invitation. Only first-rate Guilds would have the opportunity to watch the matches here.

Although Zero Wing had risen to prominence in Star-Moon Kingdom, and it was as strong as a first-rate Guild, it was still an unknown existence to the majority of God’s Domain. After all, Star-Moon Kingdom was only one of the many kingdoms in God’s Domain. Even if the Guild received an invite to the Dark Arena, it shouldn’t have happened for another several months.

Yet, Ye Feng had joined a battle team. Joining a battle team required far more than joining the audience.

“Snow, look! It’s not just Ye Feng! Zero Wing’s upper echelons are here, too!” Zhao Yueru quickly noticed Aqua Rose and the others, who followed Shi Feng closely.

During the war in the Stoneclaw Mountains, Zero Wing’s upper echelons had allowed the various large Guilds to gain a new understanding of their strength.

Although their victory against the Flower of Seven Sins mainly attributed to Black Flame’s uncontrolled power, the fact that they had lasted so long against the assassins and suffered so few losses was astounding.

It was especially true for Aqua Rose, Fire Dance, and Violet Cloud. These three women had stood against the Flower’s party leaders without assistance. They were extraordinarily strong.

After the war, Gentle Snow had even asked for a copy of the battle video.

Although Gentle Snow knew that it was not appropriate to ask for the favor, she was very keen to know the process of that battle.

After all, the battle between the Flower of Seven Sins and Zero Wing’s upper echelons had been a crucial turning point in the war. At the same time, that team battle had been the most intense in Star-Moon Kingdom so far. How could anybody resist watching such a battle? For experts wanting to improve on their combat techniques, the recording of that battle was a priceless treasure. Hence, Gentle Snow had specifically asked Shi Feng for a copy.

“Black Flame…” Gentle Snow could not help but smile bitterly as she watched the Asura Battle Team, which consisted only of Zero Wing’s members. She could not help the feeling that Black Flame had played her for a fool. She had not viewed Zero Wing as particularly powerful in the past. However, what was the truth?

Gentle Snow even began to suspect if Black Flame had been putting up an act all along and was secretly laughing at everything she did.

The rights to send a battle team into the Dark Arena were not easy to obtain. Without a powerful background, the various international corporations would not bother acknowledging Zero Wing. Yet, Zero Wing was here, with a battle team consisting fully of its own members, in the Dark Arena. This showed that Zero Wing did not lack a background.

Gentle Snow finally realized why Zero Wing dared to pick a fight with Open Source Corporation.

—

While Gentle Snow sighed, depression overwhelmed another corner of the spectator stands.

“Guild Leader, they are…” Purple Eye’s eyes nearly fell out of her sockets when she saw Zero Wing’s members enter the dueling ring.

It would have been nothing if only one or two Zero Wing members were on the battle team. However, every slot of that battle team belonged to a Zero Wing member.

“That damned Exemplary Willow! And damn the Elders who can think of nothing but profit! Every one of them should go to hell!” Galaxy Past cursed as he paled. At this point, he had no idea what to say. “They’ve doomed the Star Alliance!”

He had never considered Black Flame to be an irrational man. He had reasons to be confident if he actually dared to provoke Open Source Corporation’s Exemplary Willow.

The situation should have stayed between Exemplary Willow and Black Flame. However, due to those Elders, the Star Alliance had gotten mixed up in a fight between these titanic forces. Now, not only had the Star Alliance become cannon fodder, but it had also angered Zero Wing. Furthermore, Exemplary Willow had up-and-left after the Star Alliance’s defeat. However, the Star Alliance could not leave…

Purple Eye’s hatred towards Exemplary Willow and the Guild Elders also ran deep. The Star Alliance was her home.

Now that the Star Alliance had provoked Zero Wing, it was only a matter of time before the Alliance was annihilated. However, that was not the most crucial issue. The Star Alliance had built its main base of operations in Star-Moon Kingdom. If they moved their main base to another country, it would be extremely difficult to compete with the other Guilds there.

“It’s okay. With this information, it’s not too late to turn things around. After this competition is over, we will immediately hold a meeting with our highest members.” At this moment, Galaxy Past truly regretted letting Exemplary Willow finance the Star Alliance. In return for a little funding, they had provoked a power that they should have left alone.

“Are we going to return right now?” Purple Eye asked curiously.

“Since we’re already here, we can’t leave empty-handed. Although the Glorious Lions Battle Team has won against two strong battle teams in a row, Zero Wing’s upper echelons are capable of taking down the Flower of Seven Sins. With Zero Wing’s combat power, there is a 60% chance that they will win,” Galaxy Past said, bitterness blooming in his heart. To learn just how powerful Zero Wing was, he had sacrificed 80% of the Guild’s elite members. God forbid; if he did not earn back some of his losses today…

“I’ll place a bet right away.” When Purple Eye heard Galaxy Past’s words, she realized something.

Even Super Guilds feared the Flower of Seven Sins. Since Zero Wing could defeat those assassins, they should have no trouble defeating the Glorious Lions Battle Team.

—

At the same time, Gentle Snow’s people were also frantically placing bets, wagering every rare material and top-tier equipment they had with them on the Asura Battle Team.

“Snow, I’ve already bet all of the materials I brought.” Although Zhao Yueru somewhat hated Ye Feng, she could not help but acknowledge the man’s strength. In Zero Wing, only Black Flame was stronger. Hence, the possibility of the Asura Battle Team obtaining victory was very high. Since they knew that there was an extremely high chance for the Asura Battle Team winning, they could not miss this chance to make a profit. “I even wagered my staff. There really isn’t anything else I can bet.”

“Notify Old Xu to bring as many rare materials as he can immediately,” Gentle Snow said. She could not help but laugh as she watched her money-grubbing friend.

—

While the audience placed their bets, the Glorious Lions and Asura Battle Team had arrived at the center of the battlefield.

“Brother Ye Feng, long time no see,” Everlasting War greeted Shi Feng. “I never thought we would meet again under such circumstances.”

He had long since acknowledged Ye Feng’s strength. Unfortunately, Hua Qiushui had her own considerations.

“I’m surprised as well. What would you like to bet this time?” Shi Feng could see Everlasting War’s helplessness and guilt. However, he was quite pleased that he had rejected the Glorious Lions. Otherwise, where would he have found the opportunity to allow Zero Wing’s upper echelons to participate in such a competition?

Moreover, he had full authority over the battle team. This was an opportunity he could never have dreamed of in his previous life.

As the battle team’s representative, he could propose a bet with their opponent. As for the winnings they earned from the audience’s bets, the system was responsible for distributing them.

“We don’t really care. What do you wish to bet?” Everlasting War laughed. There was nothing in God’s Domain that they did not possess. Hence, they did not particularly care what they gambled. Moreover, Everlasting War was confident that the Glorious Lions would win this match.

“Since you do not care, I won’t be courteous.” Shi Feng had never thought that Everlasting War was so wealthy to dismiss profit. He relaxed and said, “Let’s bet 40 logs of Primal Emerald Wood, 24 Soul Cultivating Stones, 30,000 Magic Crystals, and 1,000 pieces of Level 30 and above Dark-Gold Equipment. How about it?”