Chapter 777

Chapter 777 – Times are Different

When the white mist faded, the Duel’s outcome was on display above the ring.

Victor: Ye Feng!

“Just who is he?” Shock and suspicion filled Phoenix Rain’s eyes, her expression growing somewhat somber.

She was very familiar with Blue Phoenix’s Basic Attributes. The Elementalist definitely ranked at the very top of God’s Domain in this aspect.

Yet, Shi Feng had surpassed Blue Phoenix…

An Elementalist’s Ice Wall was not easily destroyed. Even a Berserker of equal strength couldn’t shatter an Ice Wall with two or three hits. Even if the Berserker were slightly stronger, it was impossible to destroy an Ice Wall with a single hit.

However, Shi Feng’s Attributes still wasn’t the most shocking aspect. What truly shocked her was his combat realm.

Void Realm experts were rare.

Yet, a little Guild like Zero Wing actually had two such experts.

Suddenly, Phoenix Rain realized that her knowledge of Zero Wing was somewhat lacking.

“Hahaha! Big Brother Ye Feng has won!” Violet Cloud cheered.

“Someone had even boasted that they could end the battle in one minute. It seems that it was true!” Blackie laughed.

After her defeat, Blue Phoenix was dazed for quite some time. When she looked at the name displayed above the dueling ring, then looked at the young man standing before her, a bitter feeling arose in her heart.

The battle had lasted less than 10 seconds.

This was the first time she had lost so miserably after her training.

Moreover, Ye Feng did not seem to be particularly old. They should be roughly the same age. The bitter feeling of rivalry bloomed in Blue Phoenix’s heart.

In the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, she stood out among the other talents. Despite Martial Dragon being stronger than her, she had never once held him in any regard. After all, Martial Dragon was several years older than she was. She was younger and had more potential.

As long as she was given enough time, she would, sooner or later, awaken her Domain as well and become one of the true experts at the peak of God’s Domain.

Yet, now…

An expert who was around the same age but significantly stronger had appeared. What infuriated Blue Phoenix the most was that Ye Feng was only a Void Realm expert, not someone with a Domain. Despite the fact that they had reached the same combat realm, he had beaten her so ruthlessly. How could she accept this outcome?

“You’re Ye Feng, right?” Blue Phoenix marched up to Shi Feng, scanning the young man’s appearance and committing it to memory.

“Mhm.” Shi Feng nodded as he wondered about Blue Phoenix’s odd, analyzing gaze.

“I’ll remember it. My name is Blue Phoenix. You must remember it. This name will surpass yours in the future.” After saying so, Blue Phoenix turned and left the dueling ring.

Shi Feng laughed in response to Blue Phoenix’s declaration. He had never thought the woman would have such an abrupt personality.

However, this trait had allowed Blue Phoenix to improve herself continuously and become one of the top few experts in the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. In the future, she would grow ridiculously strong, eventually becoming a Tier 6 Mage God, an existence that countless people looked up to.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, the Tier 6 goal had been far out of his reach. Now, however, he possessed the ability to contend with a future, God-ranked expert.

After this fight, Shi Feng’s mentality had shifted slightly.

Back then, he had struggled at the very bottom. Now, however, God’s Domain’s peak was already within his reach.

“Surpass me?” Shi Feng smirked at the departing Elementalist. Silently, he swore,

Those who I have surpassed will only find the gap between us widening.

—

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, do you still have qualms with my participation?” Shi Feng asked as he turned to Phoenix Rain.

To avoid exposing his identity as Black Flame, not only had Shi Feng altered his level and the appearance of his equipment using the Demon Mask, but he had also kept many of his Skills hidden, using only a few basic Swordsman techniques. Under normal circumstances, it would be impossible to discover his secret. Moreover, Ye Feng’s and Black Flame’s auras were greatly different from each other.

Ye Feng’s state was his natural state. He kept Ye Feng’s aura sheathed, as plain as water, and one would easily mistake him as a passerby. After donning the guise of Black Flame, however, he became more flamboyant. Black Flame was like an unsheathed sword, a powerful deterring force. Wherever he went, he was the center of attraction. He felt absolute to others.

“I never thought that Guild Leader Black Flame would have someone so powerful. Even in the battle in the Stoneclaw Mountains, you never made an appearance. It seems that Zero Wing really knows how to hide its strength. Guild Leader Black Flame has even fooled me,” Phoenix Rain said after thoroughly reevaluating Shi Feng. Although she suspected that Black Flame was Ye Feng, their auras were vastly different. Moreover, she had even used a super-advanced Identification Skill that could see through disguises. Even the Demon Mask could not hide the truth from her Skill.

However, even with her Identification Skill, Shi Feng’s ID displayed as Ye Feng, not Black Flame. This assured Phoenix Rain that they were not the same person. The only thing she discovered was that Ye Feng had altered his Level. She had never imagined that Ye Feng was actually Level 39, three levels higher than herself.

Since he was three levels higher, there would naturally be a significant gap in terms of Attributes. This explained why Blue Phoenix was no match for Shi Feng.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, it’s getting late. If we don’t enter the venue now, the organizer will most likely declare a forfeit,” Shi Feng said as he looked at the time. They had a little over ten minutes remaining. They would be just in time if they hurried over immediately.

As for whether or not Phoenix Rain had discovered his identity, Shi Feng could easily tell by the woman’s behavior that his truth was safe. It was obvious that Phoenix Rain had failed to uncover his secret. Moreover, nobody would assume that Zero Wing’s almighty Guild Leader was just a fake identity, while Ye Feng was his true identity. Even if someone did suspect him of being Black Flame and had used an advanced Identification Skill on him, they would only discover the identity of Ye Feng.

Even when he wore the guise of Black Flame, his secret was still safe; he always wore a Black Cloak while acting as Black Flame. Even an advanced Identification Skill could not uncover his information.

With his identity hidden, outsiders would think that there were two great Swordsman experts in Zero Wing. With that assumption, even a first-rate Guild would grow wary of Zero Wing like Phoenix Rain was now.

“Alright. I’ll let you handle the rest. I hope that Team Leader Ye Feng to bring me the good news of victory.” Phoenix Rain smiled sweetly; she no longer treated Shi Feng with indifference. On the contrary, she was surprised and pleased.

With Ye Feng’s skills, the battle team’s overall strength could not be underestimated. Moreover, with Ye Feng’s presence, everyone watching the competition would focus on Zero Wing. Nobody would bother with her, the battle team’s backer. This way, she could earn a fortune in secret.

Following which, Shi Feng led Aqua Rose and the others to the Underground Arena’s Main Venue.

“Big Sis Rain, I’m sorry… I lost to Ye Feng.” After Shi Feng and the others left, Blue Phoenix was wracked by guilt. Despite Phoenix Rain having the best resources the Guild possessed, she still suffered defeat.

“Foolish girl, it was only natural that you lost. Do you know what Level he is right now?” Phoenix Rain chuckled softly, not blaming Blue Phoenix at all.

Blue Phoenix shook her head in response.

“He’s Level 39!” Phoenix Raid announced. “Even the old monsters from Super Guilds have not reached that Level yet. As for his weapons and equipment, even I don’t know what he’s wearing. Although his items looked plain and simple, it is clear that he had disguised them. Unfortunately, my Identification Skills cannot see through the disguise. Meanwhile, the fact that his Attributes are far superior to yours shows that his weapons and equipment are extraordinary. It is especially true for those swords. I suspect they might even be Epic Weapons!”