Chapter 771

Chapter 771 – Thousand Transformation Evolves

Hearing Shi Feng’s question, Melancholic Smile’s expression sank, a hint of embarrassment appearing on her face.

“I’ve only managed to gather a little more than half of the required materials. We’re still short 20 logs of Primal Emerald Wood and 12 Soul Cultivating Stones,” Melancholic Smile reported honestly.

Shi Feng had instructed her to handle the material collection for the Stable, regardless of the price, a while ago.

Yet, until now, aside from the materials Zero Wing’s members had gathered, she had only managed to source a small fraction of the required materials.

“Alright. I doubt we’ll be able to obtain the remaining materials easily. I’ll try to think of a way to collect the rest. Focus on forging the Strengthening Devices.” Shi Feng nodded.

Shi Feng understood just how difficult it was to find the materials they needed to construct a Stable.

Even in 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons, the drop-rates for these materials were abysmally low. Only Hell Mode had a slightly higher drop-rate. If they had not obtained the First Clear of the Frost Prison, they wouldn’t have as much stock as they did right now. It was already impressive that they had over half of the materials.

Moreover, the situation in God’s Domain had changed.

The various large Guilds were only a short time from the Level 40 era.

As long as the various large Guilds did a little research, they would discover a hint to what they needed for their own Stables. Primal Emerald Wood and Soul Cultivating Stones were among the more obvious necessities. However, only those with Stable Designs would know the majority of the materials they needed.

There were many kinds of rare materials that dropped in large-scale Team Dungeons, and they could be used in multiple designs. Even if they came across some building material that the Stable Design would require, the various Guilds might assume it had a different purpose.

However, as information on the Primal Emerald Wood and Soul Cultivating Stones was available in cities’ Libraries, it would be nearly impossible to purchase these materials from other Guilds. They were usually hard to obtain.

However, Shi Feng was also feeling celebratory.

If he had not been able to participate in the Dark Arena, searching for a way to obtain the remaining Stable materials would have really given him a headache.

On the surface, the Dark Arena appeared to be a secret competition between the various international corporations. In truth, however, it was a place for the various corporations to exchange precious material and items. The Dark Arena provided a method to obtain the rarer materials and items.

Of course, if one wanted these items, they needed to gamble on the team battles.

In the Dark Arena, Credits were not the most valued resource. Rather, it was the precious materials and items of God’s Domain. Normally, God’s Domain’s major powers refused to sell these rarer items. At most, they might be willing to trade for items of equal value. Meanwhile, in the Dark Arena, if one offered a fair price, they could negotiate. Once both sides agreed, they would then bet on a match of their choosing.

The winner would take everything.

However, the winning battle team would also earn a small portion of this bet. If the battle team did not want the offered rewards, the party that won the bet could purchase the items from the winning team with Credits.

This was why so many powers throughout God’s Domain had hungered to join the Dark Arena in the past.

They hadn’t just wanted the fame. They had also wanted the chance to earn endless wealth and resources in God’s Domain.

Unfortunately, not everybody could take part in the Dark Arena. The Dark Arena had its own inner circle. Ordinary Guilds were not worthy of an invitation. Take Shi Feng for example. Despite being the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild, he needed to get the assistance of the upper echelon of a first-rate Guild to gain entry into the Dark Arena.

In the past, Shi Feng had visited the Dark Arena over a dozen times, and he had to admit that second-rate Guilds could not afford to mingle there.

Even Legendary items and player-constructed cities were sometimes used as bargaining chips, much less Legendary ranked materials.

Although each team in the Dark Arena consisted only of ten members, the profits one could earn from a single match could inspire hundreds, even millions, of people to fight.

The Primal Emerald Wood and Soul Cultivating Stones were precious materials. In the Dark Arena, however, these materials were considered subpar wagers.

Hence, it would not be difficult for Shi Feng to gather the materials he needed to build his Stable.

After Shi Feng stored the rare materials and Level 50 weapons and equipment in the Trading Firm’s Warehouse, he hurriedly led Fire Dance towards Seliora’s smithy.

—

In Seliora’s smithy:

Shi Feng handed Seliora the ten Inferno Gold ingots. Immediately, the sound of a system notification reached his ears.

System: Epic Hidden Quest “Recast Thousand Transformations” completed.

Quest rewards: 200,000,000 EXP and Fortitude +5.

Suddenly, Shi Feng’s experience bar rose to 42% of Level 39. Two hundred million EXP might be a lot to ordinary players, but to Shi Feng, it was a drop in the bucket.

Aside from the fact that he required double the EXP normal players required to level up, an ordinary Level 39 player needed an astonishing amount of EXP to level. Even several hundred millions of EXP was not enough to climb from Level 39 to Level 40.

However, the 5 Fortitude points were quite valuable. If Shi Feng challenged advanced quests, he would have to waste a lot of time and complete three or four to gain 5 Fortitude points.

After stowing away the Inferno Gold with satisfaction, Seliora looked at Shi Feng and asked seriously, “Now that I have everything I need, who is the weapon intended for?”

“My companion here will use it.” Shi Feng tugged Fire Dance forward as he introduced her to Seliora.

Since Thousand Transformations was going to be recast, a Grandmaster Forger like Seliora could not recast the weapon blindly. She needed to make sure that the weapon would fit its user perfectly.

Taking a look at Fire Dance, Seliora turned back to Shi Feng and said, “You must think this through. The weapon I recast will not be some garbage Epic Weapon that you can find anywhere on the streets. It will have the possibility of becoming a Legendary Weapon. Are you truly willing to give that up?”

Even Tier 6 Gods would go crazy over a Legendary Weapon.

Seliora refused to believe that Shi Feng would actually go through all that effort for the sake of a “companion.”

“Why wouldn’t I be willing?” Shi Feng laughed.

Thousand Transformations was a short sword. Although Swordsmen could use short swords as well, they did not suit his style. On the other hand, Fire Dance was Zero Wing’s number one Assassin. She could wield the Thousand Transformations to its greatest potential.

Hearing Shi Feng’s confidence, Fire Dance’s face burned with both excitement and bashfulness. With the light from the smithy’s furnace, Fire Dance’s normally white cheeks seemed to have been stained red.

“You blockhead! Fine! It’s your decision!” Seliora then shifted her gaze towards Fire Dance. “You, follow me.”

Fire Dance nodded silently. She then followed Seliora and arrived before a silver magic array.

“All you need to do is stand in the center of the magic array,” Seliora instructed. Her hands then began tracing divine runes in the air.

By the time Fire Dance took her place at the array’s center, Seliora had already written dozens of lines of golden divine runes; her casting speed was tremendous. Shortly after, Seliora flicked her delicate finger, and the divine runes wrapped around Fire Dance’s body rapidly, enveloping her.

After finishing her preparations, Seliora took out the Mana Stones Shi Feng had readied for her and tossed them into the furnace.

Suddenly, 100 Mana Stones hovered above the magic array, looking like stars as they circled the Thousand Transformations, which the Grandmaster Forger had placed inside the furnace.

“In you go!” Seliora took out the ten Inferno Gold ingots and tossed them into the furnace as well. Immediately, the crimson flames transformed into golden tongues of fire.

In the next moment, the broken sword, which even Killing Ray could not damage, melted as they watched.

When Thousand Transformations had melted completely, it transformed into multi-colored globs of molten metal.

“Condensate!”

Seliora shouted. A multi-colored magic array then enveloped the furnace and everything around it. The 100 Mana Stones instantly transformed into liquid and melded with the liquified Thousand Transformations.

Afterward, Seliora returned to rapidly writing divine runes and curses. The golden runes and purple curses also began to flow into the liquid metal inside the furnace.

The Grandmaster Forger wrote runes for over half an hour. By the time Seliora finished, her face had paled to an unhealthy white.

Meanwhile, the divine runes and curses had molded the liquified Thousand Transformations.

Seliora waved her finger. Thousand Transformations then flew out of the furnace and hovered in midair. Currently, Thousand Transformations glowed red and radiated a scorching heat.

“It’s finally complete.” Seliora could not help but reveal an excited smile as she gazed at the newly recast Thousand Transformations.