Chapter 782 - Famed Sword Bonfire

Chapter 782 – Famed Sword Bonfire

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Big Sis Rain?” Blue Phoenix was confused. This was the first time she had seen Phoenix Rain grow so angry.

In her eyes, Phoenix Rain was a lofty queen. She was always calm and dignified. Even when competing with a Super Guild over an item, she spoke and smiled peacefully. Now, however, she was clearly anxious.

It was simply inconceivable…

Phoenix Rain had also realized that she had lost her composure. Smiling bitterly, she explained, “Ye Feng’s group is doomed. If I had known this would happen, I wouldn’t have bet so much on the Asura Battle Team.”

“Big Sis Rain, is that man particularly powerful?” Blue Phoenix watched the middle-aged man, who now led the Glorious Lions.

Appearance-wise, this middle-aged man had a handsome face, a strong body, and sharp eyes that resembled an eagle’s. He wore silver-black armor and carried a flame-red greatsword. He looked like a towering war god. After analyzing the man just for a short moment, Blue Phoenix suddenly noticed that the man’s gaze shifted towards her as if he noticed her watching him.

Blue Phoenix was afraid.

Not only was she far from the dueling ring, but she was also in a VIP room. The players in the dueling ring should not be able to see inside the VIP rooms at all.

“Blue, you understand now, right?” Anger filled Phoenix Rain’s eyes as she glared at the new team leader.

“Big Sis Rain, who is that man? Why haven’t I heard of someone with so much power?” Blue Phoenix asked as she realized just how powerful the middle-aged man was, shock setting in.

Logically, such monster-level characters should disdain taking part in such competitions, yet here one was. It was no wonder why Phoenix Rain had become so enraged.

“Although you’ve never met him before, you should have heard his name,” Phoenix Rain said as she shook her head. “He is one of the Four Great Wolf Kings of the Battle Wolves, Sirius!”

“That’s him?!” Blue Phoenix immediately understood Phoenix Rain’s anger.

The Battle Wolves was a Super Guild that had existed for over a hundred years. The Guild’s Four Great Wolf Kings had shaken the virtual gaming world with their fame for many years now and were mainly responsible for pushing the Battle Wolves to the peak of the virtual gaming world. Only, eight years ago, the Four Great Wolf Kings had removed themselves from the public eye. No one had heard any news about the Wolf Kings after that. For those who remember them, however, the names of the Four Great Wolf Kings still resounded like thunder in their ears.

Now, an old monster had arrived to participate in a competition between the younger generation. This was harassment!

“Big Sis Rain, why don’t we notify Ye Feng and tell him about this?” Although Blue Phoenix had lost to Shi Feng, at the end of the day, they were on the same side. Now that Sirius had joined the competition, they could only send cannon fodder at him, losing the match intentionally and focusing on the other matches.

“No need. Ye Feng is no fool. He can tell how powerful Sirius is. I don’t think he’ll try to face Sirius head-on,” Phoenix Rain said. “However, Sirius isn’t the only one to watch out for. There are several other members who are extremely dangerous as well. Even if Ye Feng chooses the right members for the match-ups, this will be a hard battle.”

“Are we going to lose our first competition?” Blue Phoenix was frustrated. She wished she was a part of the battle team’s roster. They might even have a chance at victory. However, now that the competition roster had been set, no further changes were allowed.

“If you lose, you lose. Victory and defeat are common on the battlefield. In any case, this will be a profitable loss. At the very least, we now know the Glorious Lions Battle Team’s trump card.” Although Phoenix Rain was frustrated as well, one must know when to surrender. Fortunately, this was only their first competition, not a crucial competition. The only problem was that Zero Wing would, most likely, suffer a huge loss of resources this time. “This is odd, though. Hua Qiushui is a calm and collected woman. Why would she suddenly decide to deal such a vicious blow to a new battle team, going so far as to reveal her trump card?”

“Guild Leader, the Glorious Lions’ atmosphere is weird. Their previous team leader has been demoted to vice-leader. The other members don’t seem to like him, either,” Aqua Rose stated curiously as she watched the Glorious Lions rest a short distance away.

Changing members at the last minute was a basic strategy in such competitions, so she had not been particularly surprised by the sudden development. After all, with every battle in the Dark Arena, a large number of people would analyze the players in the competition. If a battle team revealed their cards to the public, the team’s next opponent would prepare a strategy to counter them. To prevent exploitation, last-minute substitutions were normal.

Only, despite Everlasting War being the vice-leader of the team, the others seemed to disregard him. None of them treated him with any respect. This was strange to behold.

“They’re probably just not on the same wavelength,” Shi Feng laughed. He could not help but shift his gaze towards Sirius. “However, their new team leader is really powerful. I wonder how the Glorious Lions found such an individual.”

In the past, Shi Feng had never heard of Everlasting War becoming the vice-leader of the Glorious Lions. As far as he knew, Everlasting War had always been the Glorious Lions’ team leader. Most of the battle team, though, had been replaced.

After all, every fighter in the Dark Arena wished to become the organizer. Hiding one’s strength was a basic strategy. Only, Shi Feng had never imagined that the Glorious Lions had hidden so much strength.

Everlasting War himself was already quite formidable. However, none of the substituted members were weak. Furthermore, the new team leader was immeasurably powerful. It was especially true for that greatsword on Sirius’s back. Shi Feng was extremely familiar with that particular weapon.

It was one of God’s Domain’s 36 Famed Swords, Bonfire!

However, according to Shi Feng’s memory, a Berserker named Deathless had owned Bonfire.

Could he be Deathless? Shi Feng was fiercely curious. However, he shook his head and denied the thought. No. Deathless had not joined God’s Domain this early.

“Everlasting, for this competition, you’ll fight in the last three-on-three. Leave everything else to Thousand and the others,” Sirius announced in a gravelly tone that left no room for argument as he glanced at Everlasting War.

“I understand.” Even if Everlasting War was unhappy with this decision, he could only nod in agreement. In truth, however, he was not dissatisfied at all. If not for Sirius’s guidance, he would not have improved so fast. Only, it was unfortunate that he would not get the opportunity to fight.

There were a total of five matches in this competition. The first match was a one-on-one. Following it would be a two-on-two, and then another one-on-one. If they won the first three matches, there would be no need for the last two three-on-threes.

“Thousand, you’ll be our spearhead. Take it a little easy, and don’t let the opponent die too quickly. I don’t wish to reveal the battle team’s strength so soon,” Sirius said deeply.

“I understand,” the Level 36 Ranger called Thousand Blades nodded, chuckling.

Seeing Thousand Blades walk up to the dueling ring, the other battle team members expressed their displeasure.

“Tch. Why has he been chosen again?”

“What can we do? Our leader doesn’t want to reveal too much of our strength. Naturally, sending Thousand is the best choice. After all, his combat power ranks in the middle of our team. He should be able to deal with the enemy easily while pulling the wool over those intelligence personnel’s eyes.”

When the other members heard this deduction, they understood Sirius’s decision. After all, they had already garnered plenty of attention with the sudden substitutions. Restraining their strength would benefit them.

When Zero Wing’s members saw that their first opponent would be a Ranger, everyone began to volunteer for the match.

“Guild Leader, let me fight. We’re both Rangers. It is a good opportunity to determine which battle team is superior,” Minor Wind said hurriedly.

“No. As a precaution, Aqua Rose will face him,” Shi Feng said as he shook his head. He had already formulated his own plan.