Chapter 787 - Phantom Sword

Chapter 787: Phantom Sword

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

In the wide and spacious dueling ring, the Assassin Long Rainbow stood in the corner while the Swordsman Blood Sun took his place in the ring’s center.

The spectators were surprised.

Normally, in a two-on-two match, teammates wouldn’t stand so far from each other. They usually stood relatively close so that they could better-coordinate their attacks and defense. Furthermore, they were both melee players, which was all the more reason not to stand 50 yards apart.

With a distance of 50 yards, even a Ranger, the class with the longest range, would not be able to assist a companion in battle.

“What are you guys trying to do?” Fire Dance glanced at the distant Long Rainbow before shifting her gaze back to Blood Sun.

Carefreely, Blood Sun said, “One-on-one battles are too boring, so I intend to take you both on by myself. Don’t worry about it. The fight will be over very quickly.”

The audience could hear the players in the ring quite clearly. When they heard Blood Sun’s words, an uproar shook the venue.

They never thought that the Glorious Lions’ member would make such a bold statement.

Nothing like this had ever happened in the Dark Arena before. Everybody wanted to win the competition, so why would anyone hold back their strength?

If Blood Sun wasn’t a fool, then he must be absolutely confident of his own power.

“So, you want a one-on-two battle?” Rage flared in Fire Dance’s eyes as she glared at Blood Sun’s arrogant expression. Suppressing her anger, she said coldly, “It seems the Glorious Lions really underestimates us.”

“Hahaha! Don’t put it like that. This is a good opportunity for you to win the competition!” Blood Sun laughed. He did not pay any particular attention to Fire Dance’s cold killing intent.

The loss of the first match had wounded the Glorious Lions Battle Team’s reputation quite severely. Blood Sun’s first reason for asking Long Rainbow to step aside was to recover the team’s reputation, while the second reason was to experiment with his Epic Weapon.

However, Blood Sun did not think Fire Dance and Violet Cloud even qualified as test subjects.

“As you wish.” Fire Dance stepped forward, standing in front of Violet Cloud.

Understanding Fire Dance’s intentions, Violet Cloud retreated.

“Interesting!” Blood Sun did not mind the women’s actions as he unsheathed the silver sword encrusted with seven resplendent gemstones. “Hopefully, you don’t lose too quickly.”

“This is bad.” Gentle Snow frowned as she watched the ring from the spectator stands.

“Snow, what’s wrong? If Fire Dance could last against the party leader of the Flower of Seven Sins for so long, shouldn’t she be able to defeat Blood Sun easily?” Zhao Yueru was, more or less, familiar with Fire Dance’s strength. Even if Blood Sun was very strong, she did not think that the Swordsman was guaranteed to win.

“You don’t know this, but Blood Sun’s swordsmanship is very odd. Even a Shield Warrior like War Wolf couldn’t defend against his attacks,” Gentle Snow explained as she shook her head. She had watched the video of the battle between War Wolf and Blood Sun.

She already had a general understanding of Blood Sun’s strength. Although there was not much of a difference in terms of combat power between Blood Sun and a party leader from the Flower of Seven Sins, in terms of attack techniques, the former was definitely stronger.

Now that Blood Sun wanted to face his opponents alone, it was the perfect opportunity for the Asura Battle Team to get rid of the Swordsman.

Immediately, Gentle Snow contacted Shi Feng.

“Guild Leader Snow, what’s the matter?” Shi Feng asked after accepting the call.

“Ye Feng, Blood Sun has strange attack methods. It is best for Fire Dance and Violet Cloud to finish him off together. If you allow Fire Dance to fight him by herself, she won’t be able to defend against Blood Sun’s attacks,” Gentle Snow hurriedly warned the man.

The match had not begun yet. There was still time for Fire Dance and Violet Cloud to coordinate their attacks and deal with Blood Sun. Once the match officially began, it would probably be too late even if the two women banded together.

“Thank you for your warning, Guild Leader Snow,” Shi Feng said, laughing. He had never expected Gentle Snow to call him in such a rush just to warn him.

Seeing Shi Feng’s calm reaction, Gentle Snow’s anxiety grew.

It was obvious that Shi Feng was not taking her words seriously.

“Blood Sun is very strong. He even defeated War Wolf and Soaring Snake while they were working together. War Wolf’s shield couldn’t get close to Blood Sun’s sword before he suffered defeat. I believe you are aware of War Wolf’s strength. If he couldn’t even deflect Blood Sun’s attacks, it will be very difficult for Fire Dance hold the man off,” Gentle Snow explained in detail.

In Star-Moon Kingdom, War Wolf’s strength was absolute. He could rank within the top three MTs of the kingdom.

Defeating War Wolf was already impressive, yet the powerful Shield Warrior had not been able to withstand Blood Sun’s attacks.

“Ah, I understand. If Guild Leader Snow doesn’t have anything else, I’ll disconnect the call now. The match is starting soon.” Shi Feng nodded. He then disconnected the call.

“Hello? Hello?” Gentle Snow was speechless as she stared at the already-dark screen.

“Ye Feng is so infuriating! Even though you offered a warning with good intentions, he treated your words like they were nothing! It’ll be his fault when his team loses!” Zhao Yueru grumbled.

“Leader, will it really be alright to let Fire Dance deal with that man by herself?” Aqua Rose asked sternly. She had been sitting beside Shi Feng, so she had overheard the conversation with Gentle Snow.

War Wolf’s strength definitely ranked at the top of Star-Moon Kingdom. If not for her equipment advantage, even she would not be a match for the man.

“Don’t worry about it. We just need to sit tight and enjoy the show.” Shi Feng waved his hand.

Aside from Sirius, he had very detailed information on the Glorious Lions’ combatants.

Shi Feng understood Blood Sun’s capabilities far better than Gentle Snow.

In the past, Blood Sun had been quite famous in the Dark Arena. He had been known as Blood Sun the Phantom Sword!

Although Blood Sun had only reached the Flowing Water Realm standard, the swordsmanship he used made it impossible to grasp his attack trajectories and rhythm. If one had not reached the Void Realm, it would be exceedingly difficult to defend against his strikes.

If the Fire Dance of a few days ago were fighting, he would definitely instruct her coordinate with Violet Cloud. They could easily defeat Blood Sun with the Astromancer’s strange attacks.

Moreover, the Assassin Long Rainbow was similarly extraordinary. In the past, he had earned the title Ghost Hand in the Dark Arena.

When the two worked together, even a Void Realm expert would fall.

However, Fire Dance was not the Assassin she had been in the past. Even Shi Feng was unsure how much her strength had improved.

This was the perfect opportunity to test her strength.

Above the dueling ring, the countdown timer finally reached zero.

“You’re not entering stealth?” Blood Sun asked, unable to help his curiosity, as he watched Fire Dance, who remained motionless 30 yards away from him.

As an Assassin, Fire Dance could only display her true power while hiding in the shadows. Generally, Assassins would enter stealth as soon as the battle began and look for an opportunity to deal a fatal blow.

“That won’t be necessary.”

Fire Dance sounded calm as she unsheathed Thousand Transformations and Petrified Thorn from her waist. Step by step, she slowly advanced on the Swordsman before her.

“Good! Very good! I want to see just how long you can hold that arrogance!”

When Blood Sun heard her challenge, rage flared in his chest. This was the first time someone had looked down him. Taking a step forward, he used Wind Blade and dashed towards Fire Dance.