Chapter 793 - Famed Sword Versus Famed Sword

Chapter 793: Famed Sword versus Famed Sword

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

What a cunning, old bastard!

Shi Feng cursed as he watched the towering crimson fire surge towards him, destroying everything in its path and sealing off his path of retreat.

Before the match had begun, Sirius had stood in the ring’s corner, opposite of Shi Feng, deliberately. Burning Wave, one of the Famed Sword Bonfire’s Skills, was an AOE Attack Skill. With the Skill’s wide range and the old man’s strategic positioning, Sirius had cornered Shi Feng perfectly.

If Shi Feng jumped into the air to avoid the attack, he would expose himself in midair, giving Sirius the perfect opportunity to strike a fatal blow.

“Break!” Shi Feng shouted abruptly.

Dragon Breath!

Immediately, the cry of a dragon echoed throughout the arena, a white beam piercing through the sea of fire and heading towards Sirius.

In terms of Basic Attributes, Shi Feng was far stronger than Sirius. Moreover, Dragon Breath was one of the Fragmented Legendary Heavenly Dragon’s Breath’s Additional Skills. In terms of power, the Skill was already stronger than the Additional Skill of an Epic Weapon. Hence, Dragon Breath could easily break Sirius’s Burning Wave.

The white beam devoured Sirius whole.

“It’s over? Just like that?”

Everyone in the audience was stupefied.

However, Shi Feng did not relax. He immediately activated Windwalk and his Swordsmanship Master title before charging towards Sirius’s previous location.

Yet, before he reached the halfway point, Sirius burst out of the white beam, radiating a faint purple glow. When Dragon Breath’s white beam collided with the purple glow, it scattered into nothing. The old man received no damage from the attack whatsoever.

“You actually saw through my trick,” Sirius stated, feeling slightly surprised when he saw the young man charging towards him. Originally, he had intended to launch a sneak attack while the Swordsman youth relaxed. However, it seemed that the plan was not viable.

Shi Feng did not intend to give Sirius time to react. Immediately, he activated Illusory Shadow.

Suddenly, six blue streaks of light flashed from Killing Ray, arriving before Sirius instantly.

Shi Feng moved like flowing water. His attacks had no excess movement. Thanks to the Swordsmanship Master title, his Attack Speed had also increased by 20%. He moved far faster than what an ordinary person could perceive.

After the blue lights cut across Sirius, a deep frown appeared on Shi Feng’s face. In the next moment, a streak of red light sliced towards his head from an inconceivable angle.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng pulled his Abyssal Blade closer.

Dang!

When the two swords collided, sparks scattered, and even the air trembled. The impact’s shockwave cracked the stage.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had managed to block the incoming red light just in time. However, the instant he blocked the first attack, another one descended towards him.

How?! Shi Feng had just repelled one of the Berserker’s attacks; how could he have launched another already? Moreover, he had failed to detect the attack until it was upon him.

Parry!

This time, Shi Feng used Killing Ray to block the red beam from above.

Such high Strength! Shi Feng retreated by a step, the floor beneath his feet shattering. His arm was also slightly numb. This was the first time he had blocked a player’s attack that could numb his arm. As expected of the Famed Sword Bonfire. It excels with both speed and power.

After this single exchange, Shi Feng could tell that Sirius’s Basic Attributes were extraordinary. Although Sirius was a Berserker and had extremely high Strength growth, logically, his Strength Attribute should not be this high even with a Famed Sword. Hence, Shi Feng was sure that Sirius had more than one Epic item. It was impossible for the Berserker to overwhelm him slightly with Strength with just Bonfire’s Passive Skill.

However, this was still not the most important issue. Despite his intense perception of his surroundings, he had failed to detect Sirius’s attack. He had not even noticed the trajectory of the old man’s attack…

Moreover, his attacks with Illusory Shadow should have hit Sirius, yet he had not felt Killing Ray strike flesh.

Although the two combatants had only exchanged moves for a brief moment, everyone on the spectator stands was stunned.

“They’re so fast!” Phoenix Rain exclaimed.

Shi Feng’s Attack Speed was even faster than when he had faced Blue Phoenix. Even his hand movements were only a blur to her, not to mention the sword itself.

“Big Sis Rain, why didn’t Sirius lose any HP? I clearly saw Ye Feng’s attack hit him,” Blue Phoenix asked curiously.

“Hit him?” Phoenix Rain shook her head. “Ye Feng hasn’t touched him once; how could he lose any HP?”

“Huh? But I saw the streaks of blue light pass through Sirius’s body!” Blue Phoenix’s eyes widened. She couldn’t believe it. However, the statement had come from Phoenix Rain, so it couldn’t be false.

“This is Sirius’s power–Absolute Control!” Phoenix Rain explained slowly, saying, “Although it looked like Ye Feng’s attack had hit Sirius, in reality, there was a paper-thin distance between Sirius and Ye Feng’s sword. The gap is impossible to see with the naked eye. It’s natural that you couldn’t tell the difference. However, the system’s judgment with attacks is very accurate. Even if the gap is one-tenth of a millimeter, the attack will not count.”

Blue Phoenix’s mouth widened when she heard this.

“Is he even still human?” Blue Phoenix doubted that she could evade an attack by a single centimeter, and she had even reached the Void Realm.

Someone in the Refinement Realm only had a delicate control over their movements. Their perception was still far from comparable to a Void Realm expert. Hence, dodging an attack by three centimeters would be a miracle.

Meanwhile, Sirius could dodge an attack by less than one centimeter. It was inconceivable.

“This is only the beginning. Sirius is far stronger than you can imagine.” Phoenix Rain sighed as she watched Shi Feng defend against Sirius’s attacks.

In the dueling ring, Shi Feng’s alarm grew as he fought the old monster.

No matter how fast he swung his swords, he couldn’t hit the Berserker. On the contrary, Sirius’s attacks grew powerful as the battle progressed. At this point, he was starting to struggle to keep up.

Sirius’s attacks always struck at his blind spots. The attacks also grew more precise. He had very nearly failed to block the old man’s last attack.

Finally, after over a dozen seconds…

A streak of red light finally struck Shi Feng.

However, the red light stopped just before it collided with Shi Feng’s body, unable to proceed.

Is this the strength of a Domain? Shi Feng had no choice but to activate Defensive Blade.

None of his attacks were effective against Sirius. On the other hand, the Berserker had no issues landing an attack. Throughout the battle, for some reason, Shi Feng had felt as if someone were pulling his strings.

“Amazing. You have lasted this long without using a Lifesaving Skill.” Sirius smiled calmly as he looked at the miserable youth before him. Now, rather than gripping his greatsword in one hand, he transferred it into a two-handed grip. “Since you are so strong, I will show you my true power.”

Sirius raised his crimson greatsword high before swinging it down towards Shi Feng.

Suddenly, time stopped. Only Sirius’s sword moved, descending.

So fast! Although Shi Feng could see the sword light approaching, he knew that neither of his swords could make it in time to block the attack. No, I’m the one who has slowed down!

Immediately, Shi Feng recalled another of Bonfire’s Skills, Flame Dragon’s Flash. When activated, it reduced Attack Speed and Movement Speed of all enemies within attack range by 60% and tripled the user’s Strength when attacking.

This move was famous for being unblockable.

A Strength increase of 300% was far more powerful than a damage increase of the same amount. With Strength, one could shatter the opponent’s Defense, causing the opponent to expose a weakness. One could then strike a fatal blow.

Shi Feng knew that it was too late to block the attack. Moreover, Defensive Blade’s block counts had already been exhausted. He had no defense against this attack at all. Hence, he had no choice but to use Silent Steps, evading the sword light and appearing behind Sirius.

However, just as Shi Feng was about to strike the Berserker, Sirius spun, as if he had expected the move, and swung the greatsword in an arch towards Shi Feng’s right side. The greatsword’s oppressive Strength even suppressed the air around them. Even though Shi Feng’s Strength Attribute was also very high, his movements felt so restricted under Bonfire’s massive pressure that he even struggled to breathe.

With no other choice, Shi Feng activated Thunder God’s Descent and Heavenly Dragon’s Power!

Sirius’s Attributes were extremely high. The Berserker had even tripled his Strength. Being hit by Sirius’s greatsword was no laughing matter. A critical hit might even kill him on the spot.