Chapter 796 - Godly Power

Chapter 796: Godly Power

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 796 – Godly Power

When lightning and fire clashed, the flash momentarily blinded everyone watching.

With the boom that echoed throughout the venue, Shi Feng was forced to retreat by three steps before he could steady himself. Following which, a damage of over -100 points appeared above his head. As for the white sword of fire, the attack had thrown it to the side.

When the audience saw this, they were flabbergasted.

“Just how strong is Ye Feng?”

“Who is Ye Feng?”

“Can current players really achieve this level?”

Before, the audience members had somewhat admired Shi Feng’s strength. Now, however, that admiration had become shock. It was especially true for those who knew Sirius.

This should have been a one-sided battle. Nobody could have ever imagined that Shi Feng still had such a trump card.

Even though they did not stand in the ring themselves, they could feel the violent power radiating from Shi Feng’s body. Many of them had felt this power in the past.

One only experienced this power while raiding a large-scale Team Dungeon.

This was the power of a Great Lord!

At this point, the pressure they felt from Shi Feng was even greater than the pressure they felt from the Great Lords they had fought before. They were breathless.

“Big Sis Rain, just who is Ye Feng?” For a time, Blue Phoenix was at a loss for words as she stared at the glowing Shi Feng.

After her own match against him, she had seen the gap between the Swordsman and herself quite clearly. His strength had not been out of her reach.

Now, however, it would seem that the strength Shi Feng had used against her had just been the tip of the iceberg. If she fought this kind of violent power, she would most likely die in an instant.

Not responding to Blue Phoenix’s question, Phoenix Rain remained silent as she continued to watch the man named Ye Feng.

It seems I’ve truly underestimated Zero Wing. It’s no wonder why they dared to pick a fight with Exemplary Willow. So, the Guild had still hidden such an expert. Joy flooded Phoenix Rain. She had not initially had much hope for the Asura Battle Team. She had only hoped to win a few matches and earn a small fortune in the Dark Arena. After all, the Dark Arena had only established recently. Many experts considered themselves to be above such brawls. Now, however…

With the strength the Asura Battle Team had just displayed, they could definitely fight for a high rank in the Dark Arena.

“Ye Feng!” Shock filled Everlasting War when he saw Shi Feng relatively unharmed after receiving Sirius’s six-in-one combination attack.

Others might not realize how strong Sirius was, but he knew.

T obtain the rights to host the Dark Arena, Hua Qiushui had paid an extremely high price, convincing the Battle Wolves to lend the Guild’s several Epic items to the Glorious Lions Battle Team.

Blood Sun only possessed one Epic item. Sirius, however, had two. The Berserker even had a precious sword of undetermined quality. The treasured sword’s Attributes were even slightly higher than an Epic Weapon. In other words, Sirius had the equivalent of three Epic items on him.

Purely in terms of Attributes, particularly Strength, Sirius was, by far, the strongest Berserker he had ever seen.

Yet, even after combining the Strength of six swords, Sirius had only been able to repel Shi Feng. The Swordsman had only received a small amount of damage from the resulting impact.

At this point, Everlasting War could not fathom just how high Shi Feng’s Strength was.

Previously, he had thought that Shi Feng’s strength was roughly equal to his own. Looking back at it now, his assumption was laughable.

Equal? He overestimated himself.

Meanwhile, in the dueling ring, the new development also surprised Sirius.

“So, this is why you were so confident about facing me.” At this moment, even Sirius took this fight seriously. “However, you are still a fool if you think you can defeat me!”

Saying so, Sirius directed the fiery blade to strike at Shi Feng again.

That attack is so hard to block even after activating Twofold Berserk. It seems I can’t proceed with brute force alone.

Seeing the white flames fly towards him once more, Shi Feng took a step forward and abruptly charged at Sirius.

From an outsider’s point of view, he had only lost around 100 HP. He currently had 48,000 Hp, so 100 points of damage were negligible. However, only those who had experienced Sirius’s six-in-one combination attack knew how powerful the attack was.

If not for the 300% increase to his Defense, as well as the Damage Reduction effect from Thunder God’s Descent, he would have lost far more HP.

Meanwhile, Blade Liberation did not only improve his Strength. The Skill also increased his Agility. Hence, he had received a massive boost to his Movement Speed, Attack Speed, and flexibility.

Although Sirius’s combination attack could multiply the Strength behind his attack, it could not increase his Attack Speed. Now that Shi Feng’s speed had increased once more, evading the sword of white fire had become much easier.

In the next moment, Shi Feng easily avoided the fiery weapon, which he had not been able to dodge before. Shi Feng then approached Sirius with flying speed.

The swords of fire were quite strong. However, to control this Strength, one needed to invest much of their Concentration; even more so after combining the Strength of six swords. Hence, Sirius had been forced to stand in place while directing the burning blades.

As Sirius had focused his Concentration into controlling the six swords of fire, the man had no combat power at the moment.

However, there was still a distance of over 20 yards between Shi Feng and Sirius. Although Shi Feng was fast, the white flaming sword hindered his path.

This should be close enough…

After avoiding the flaming weapon once more, Shi Feng tightened his grip on Killing Ray and swung the Sacred Sword.

Thundering Flash!

Four arcs of blue lightning snaked their way towards Sirius.

As if he had predicted this attack, Sirius directed the sword of fire to appear before him a step ahead of the lightning strikes. The flames slashed at each arc of lightning.

The instant the sword collided with the lightning, the latter shattered. The sword of fire then advanced towards Shi Feng’s heart.

“Take this!” Shi Feng was not surprised by Sirius’s defensive maneuver. Instead, he revealed the Blazing Meteor and threw it.

A red streak of light smashed into the sword of fire, causing the white sword to pause before continuing towards Shi Feng, having lost momentum. At this time, Shi Feng hacked at the weakened white flames, the impact forcing him back a step. This time, however, he only received slightly over -50 damage.

“Trying to go for a battle of attrition?” Sirius frowned slightly. “Not on my watch!”

The six-in-one combination attack placed a huge burden on the user’s Concentration. Even he could not support the technique for too long. If his fight with the young Swordsman dragged on, he would collapse from over-extending his Concentration, losing the match as a result.

Following which, one sword of fire split away from the white flames. Although a five-in-one combination attack was slightly weaker, it was still enough to suppress Shi Feng. Meanwhile, the other sword could find an opportunity to deal damage.

Immediately, the brilliant sword of white fire charged towards Shi Feng, whereas the crimson sword attacked the Swordsman from behind. As long as the white flames repelled Shi Feng, he would reveal gaps in his Defense. This would make it far easier to land a direct hit.

Peng!

Sure enough, Shi Feng was forced back by a step after colliding with the five-in-one combination attack. However, just as the other sword of fire was about to stab the Swordsman, a figure suddenly appeared to block the attack.

Phantom Kill!

After he upgraded the Abyssal Blade by a rank, Shi Feng’s doppelganger had gained 80% of his Attributes. With his Twofold Berserk state, it was child’s play for the doppelganger to block a single flaming sword.

After blocking the attack, Shi Feng’s doppelganger activated Windwalk and Wind Blade before charging towards the enemy Berserker.

Although Sirius wanted to use the white sword of fire to defend himself, Shi Feng had the weapon pinned down. It couldn’t approach the doppelganger.

When Shi Feng’s doppelganger arrived before Sirius, the Berserker finally gave up his control over the white sword of fire. He swung Bonfire to defend against the doppelganger’s Chop.

Just as the doppelganger’s sword was about to strike, the Berserker evaded the attack. Immediately after, Bonfire bit into the doppelganger’s body.

However, even after the doppelganger received the damage, it did not retreat; instead of the doppelganger, it was Shi Feng who stood before Sirius. After swapping positions with his doppelganger, Shi Feng swung his sword at Sirius.

A streak of blue light flashed.

Surprised by the unconventional attack method, Sirius had failed to react and received Shi Feng’s attack in full.

The massive impact forced Sirius into a retreat. Taking the opportunity, Shi Feng followed up with a series of over a dozen slashes.

Although Sirius tried to defend himself, he couldn’t block Shi Feng’s attacks completely. As a result, he received several more strikes.