Chapter 797 - Complete Victory

Chapter 797: Complete Victory

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn Sparks scattered when the blades collided.

Although the exchange appeared slow, in reality, everything happened in an instant. Sirius’s HP drained like flowing water.

Only after Sirius fell to the ground and lay there motionlessly did everyone realize the Berserker’s HP had dropped to zero.

“Leader lost?!”

“Impossible!”

The Glorious Lions were dumbfounded as they stared at Sirius’s unmoving corpse in the dueling ring. None of them dared to believe their own eyes.

Sirius was one of the Battle Wolves’ Wolf Kings.

Yet, now, he had lost to a nameless upstart. Nothing like this had ever happened before.

In fact, the Glorious Lions weren’t the only ones who were shocked. Every member of the audience was stunned as they stared at the name above the dueling ring.

Victor: Ye Feng!

No one had expected this outcome. How could the competition end so suddenly?

After one direct confrontation, the famous Sirius had tasted defeat. It was inconceivable.

“I’m not seeing things, right?”

“How can the Asura Battle Team be the victor?”

“This is unbelievable…”

“The Asura Battle Team is amazing! The Glorious Lions, a battle team that had won twice in a row, had lost, three-to-zero, to the Asura Battle Team! Only those watching will probably ever believe this.”

Even now, the audiences had yet to recover from their daze. It was as if the last, brief exchange from before had etched itself into their minds. The techniques in this battle were definitely worth studying.

The Glorious Lions were not weak. The Asura Battle Team was just a little stronger.

“Although I’ve lost some materials from betting on the Glorious Lions, it was worth watching this battle.” Many among the audiences had bet on the Glorious Lions Battle Team’s victory. However, the majority of these people were not disappointed. On the contrary, the upper echelons from various major powers felt as if they had raked in a huge profit.

The high-level battles that had taken place in this competition had taught them much. Particularly, it had allowed them to understand the true strength of each battle team. After this competition, it would be much easier to cope with the team members.

At the same time, everyone had grown cautious about the Asura Battle Team. A fear of the Guild called Zero Wing slithered through the crowd.

A small upstart Guild like Zero Wing had actually obtained so many Epic items.

If someone had told them that Zero Wing did not have any background or strength, they would not believe it.

“Big Sis Rain, now that the Asura Battle Team has become so famous, it will probably be very difficult to arrange opponents in the future.” Although Blue Phoenix was happy for Shi Feng, in the Dark Arena, the stronger a battle team was, the more difficult it was to find an opponent.

Every battle team in the Dark Arena fought to gain the arena’s hosting rights. However, that was not an easy goal.

Firstly, a battle team needed to participate in ten games, winning eight. Only then would a battle team have the right to challenge the Dark Arena’s organizer.

Only after defeating the organizer’s battle team would one obtain the hosting rights.

Hence, the various battle teams would not accept challenges easily. It was even more difficult for strong battle teams. Everyone wanted to rack up victories by challenging weaker teams.

Of course, to prevent some people from avoiding battles completely, the Dark Arena had a time limit.

If a battle team could not find an opponent within ten days, the Dark Arena would choose an opponent randomly. Hence, the stronger teams in the Dark Arena did not need to fear a lack of challengers. They just had to wait a relatively long time before they could complete all ten required games.

Much would change in God’s Domain after 100 days.

“It doesn’t matter,” Phoenix Rain said as she shook her head. “Previously, I worried that the Asura Battle Team would lose miserably. As for future matches, it seems that we’re going to make a fortune from now on.”

“Big Sis Rain, did you agree to another match before this?” A realization struck Blue Phoenix.

“That’s right. As the Asura Battle Team is a new team, with members from a small Guild, many people had requested a battle. A few had even promised to bet favors and a certain number of materials. It’s a pity that each battle team can only compete in three matches every ten days. It would be great if we could arrange a few more matches.” Phoenix Rain laughed. When she thought about the next two battle teams they had to face, she could not help but pity those teams. Chances were that the players from those teams held a deep resentment for her right now.

Every one of them had assumed that the Asura Battle Team was quite weak. None of them would have imagined that the team was actually a dark horse.

Only, finding opponents for the last seven matches would give her a slight headache.

“Hopefully, Ye Feng can hold back in future matches. Otherwise, finding an opponent will be a problem,” Phoenix Rain muttered softly.

“Lost! He actually lost!” When Hua Qiushui heard the applause and cheers, her face twisted into an ugly expression.

Losing a game was not a major issue for her. After all, the Glorious Lions only needed to win eight out of ten games. However, not only had they exposed much of their strength, but they had also lost the competition and suffered immense losses.

Primal Emerald Wood and Soul Cultivating Stones were not cabbage that one easily found on the streets. Not to mention, they also had to pay the 1,000 pieces of Level 30 Dark-Gold Equipment and 30,000 Magic Crystals.

Such a huge loss would not end with a slight sting. Who knew how much time she would have to spend to recover?

However, losing money was secondary to her. Her reputation was far more important.

The upper echelons from the major corporations would learn of the Asura Battle Team’s victory. It was a guarantee that they would launch investigations on Ye Feng. If they discovered that she had chased Ye Feng away from the Glorious Lions…

She would probably be branded with the title “Blind Fool.” Her superiors might even begin to question her abilities as a manager.

“Zero Wing…! Sooner or later, I will get my revenge!” Exemplary Willow raged as she stomped her feet. She shot a glare at Shi Feng before turning to leave.

Below the dueling ring, Zero Wing’s members celebrated and rejoiced.

“Leader, are you alright?” Fire Dance asked as she approached Shi Feng.

Shi Feng looked worn. His complexion was pale and waxy. He looked nothing like a winner.

“It’s nothing. I just expended too much of my Concentration,” Shi Feng replied as he shook his head.

This battle had been truly dangerous. He had gone all-out from the very beginning of the battle, pushing his five senses to their limits. He had remained on full-alert throughout the match, fearing that a moment of carelessness would lose him the fight.

Sirius’s combat standard was simply too high.

If this match had taken place two or three weeks from now, he definitely would have lost.

Although Sirius’s equipment was already impressive, the old man even possessing several Epic items, at the end of the day, he did not have a Fragmented Legendary item. He also had not learned any Super Skills.

These two aspects could improve a player’s combat power by leaps and bounds. Even Sirius would have a hard time trying to bridge the gap by relying on techniques alone.

In front of absolute strength, all manner of trickery was useless. This was the cruel reality of games. Hence, regardless if they were experts or ordinary players, all players prioritized improving their weapons, equipment, and Skills.

While Shi Feng rested, Sirius revived below the dueling ring and marched straight over to Shi Feng.

“Kid, you sure know how to hide your strength. However, you might be able to beat me now, but it will be a different story in the future,” Sirius said, a warm smile appearing on his stern face. “Alright, I’ve said enough. As per our agreement, I’ll give you this. With this information, you should be able to improve yourself further and reach my level a little sooner. However, whether or not you obtain the item will depend on your own abilities.”

Saying so, Sirius sent Shi Feng a private message. He then turned and left. As he walked away, he could not help but glance at Fire Dance, shaking his head and sighing.

His reaction creeped Fire Dance out.

Seeing Fire Dance’s reaction, Shi Feng chuckled. The two had discussed their bet through private chat. Nobody knew about their conversation. If Fire Dance knew that Sirius had wanted her as his disciple, she would probably feel quite awkward.

However, although Shi Feng admitted that Sirius’s guidance would open many doors for Fire Dance in the future, he did not think that she would have any fewer achievements if she remained by his side. He also would never allow the Battle Wolves to poach one of his experts.

Following which, Shi Feng opened the file Sirius had sent him, intending to glance through the information he had won from the old man.

Just what kind of information could actually give him the possibility of advancement?