Chapter 798 - Deterring Force

Chapter 798: Deterring Force

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Like a wildfire, news of the Asura Battle Team’s victory in the Dark Arena spread throughout God’s Domain.

Practically minutes after the competition ended, information regarding the Asura Battle Team had reached the hands of God’s Domain’s various major powers. The reports were so detailed that it even included information on the acquaintances of the Asura Battle Team’s members.

Star-Moon Kingdom, Maple City:

Maple City had already become Overwhelming Smile’s main headquarters. With Underworld’s hidden support, the Guild had solidified its position as the city’s overlord. At the same time, Maple City had become the second largest city in the Star-Moon Kingdom’s Eastern Region. The city’s player population was over one million. Although it was still far from the grandeur of White River City, it was superior to other cities within the kingdom.

“Youlan, why have you called me here all of a sudden?” Feng Xuanyang demanded, annoyed, as he entered the Residence’s meeting room, his gaze locked onto the charming, elegantly smiling Youlan.

He should have had the most authority in Star-Moon Kingdom’s Eastern Region. However, due to Youlan’s successful management of Maple City, Underworld’s higher-ups designated Youlan to handle everything in the region.

This enraged him.

He had expended all of that effort to deal with Zero Wing, yet Youlan sat back and enjoyed the fruits of others’ labor. Without an enemy to deal with, it had naturally been easy to develop Maple City. If it were up to him, he wouldn’t have had any issues handling the task either.

“It’s nothing major. I just wanted to tell you to withdraw Overwhelming Smile’s members from White River City immediately and have them develop elsewhere,” Youlan instructed, paying Feng Xuanyang’s rude behavior no heed.

“And why should I do this?” Feng Xuanyang said, his expression darkening as he grew somewhat indignant. “You know how high of a price I’ve paid to solidify my position in White River City. Although Zero Wing is very strong, White River City’s overlord isn’t set in stone. Don’t even think about ordering me to withdraw Overwhelming Smile from White River City.”

Many of Overwhelming Smile’s members were focused on all sorts of quests, including Guild Quests, in White River City.

As long as they completed a certain number of quests, Overwhelming Smile’s status in White River City would improve. Afterward, they could accept all sorts of rare, high-level quests. They might even receive Epic Quests. With Epic Quests, it would be extremely easy to obtain all sorts of top-tier weapons and equipment. They might even find new, strategic tools for war.

The Guild’s recent promotion had even triggered an Epic Guild Quest.

If they completed this Epic Guild Quest, he could obtain a tool of war. When they started another war with Zero Wing, even if Zero Wing had an abundance of experts, he did not think he would lose against the Guild.

If they pulled out of White River City now, then all of the White River City quests they had already completed would be for naught. He couldn’t give up on the city now.

“Feng Xuanyang, this is not my decision. The higher-ups made this decision. You have no say in this matter. In any case, you have three days to transfer all of our members to other cities,” Youlan stated coldly.

“That is not possible!” Feng Xuanyang was dumbfounded.

The higher-ups had hoped to obtain White River City, investing manpower and resources into the endeavor. Yet, now, they had decided to give up on the city? No matter how he thought about it, such a thing was impossible.

“I also considered the decision foolish. However, after seeing the information they provided, I changed my mind. I don’t disagree with the decision,” Youlan said. She then threw a file at Feng Xuanyang, saying, “Have a look at it yourself.”

“This is…!” Feng Xuanyang boiled with rage when he saw the folder’s title.

Zero Wing Report!

Zero Wing was Feng Xuanyang’s sworn enemy. If not for Zero Wing interrupting his plans again and again, White River City would have been his by now. He wouldn’t have suffered under Zero Wing’s oppression as he did now. To make things worse, Zero Wing had flourished in the war in the Stoneclaw Mountains, becoming one of Star-Moon Kingdom’s large Guilds that could even rival first-rate Guilds. This had also weakened Overwhelming Smile’s position in the city significantly.

Now, Overwhelming Smile’s members had to tread carefully when encountering Zero Wing players on the city’s streets.

This humiliated Feng Xuanyang. However, he endured because he knew that this was still not the time to pick a fight with Zero Wing. Now, after striving silently for a long time, he had finally obtained an opportunity to seize White River City. Hence, no matter what, he could not give up in this competition for dominance.

As long as he obtained White River City, the favor Youlan received from Underworld’s upper echelons would also vanish. At that time, he would become the absolute leader of Underworld’s branch in Star-Moon Kingdom rather than playing underling to a greenhorn wench who had only been a member of the organization for a short time.

However, after Feng Xuanyang read the Zero Wing Report, his excited expression froze, his eyes widening with shock. He paled as if he had seen a ghost.

“How can this be?!” Feng Xuanyang couldn’t believe his eyes. “How has Zero Wing appeared in the Dark Arena?! They even defeated a battle team that has the backing of a Super Guild?!”

Currently, Underworld was considered one of the virtual gaming world’s major powers. The organization was stronger than most first-rate Guilds. Over the years, it had nurtured plenty of experts. However, there was still a vast gap between them and super-first-rate Guilds like the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, not to mention Super Guilds.

Yet, an upstart Guild like Zero Wing had actually managed to defeat a Super Guild’s battle team.

This was simply inconceivable.

Super Guilds had too many experts to count. They even had monster-like existences. The powers supporting them were also profound and complex. Only other Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds could shake the foundations of such giants. No one else should even consider trying.

Unless Zero Wing had a Super Guild behind it…

“A Super Guild?” Feng Xuanyang suddenly felt his body grow cold.

“That’s right. The higher-ups have reached the same conclusion. Hence, we can’t provoke Zero Wing anymore. There is no reason to continue wasting our time in White River City.” In truth, Youlan doubted that Zero Wing had the support of a Super Guild.

However, the Mana Pulse Cannon in the Stoneclaw Mountains and the various Magic Array Scrolls…

Now, they also had to consider the performance in the Dark Arena…

A mere upstart Guild was not capable of achieving these feats. Hence, it was quite possible that a Super Guild supported Zero Wing from the shadows.

Even though it was only a possibility, Underworld would not take this risk.

“I understand. I’ll transfer the majority of our members to other cities. However, I still have a quest I need to complete.” Feng Xuanyang nodded.

“Fine, but make it quick,” Youlan stated before standing and leaving the meeting room.

Elsewhere, Shi Feng had led Fire Dance and the others back to White River City.

On their way back, Shi Feng browsed through the information Sirius had given him.

“So, this is the case.” After reading through the files, Shi Feng was so happy that he found it difficult to hide his smile.

“Guild Leader, what has made you so giddy?” Aqua Rose asked curiously as she moved to Shi Feng’s side.

“It’s nothing. I’ve just found something that can help you improve your combat standards.” Shi Feng laughed.

“Guild Leader, what is it? Can I have a look?” Violet Cloud sent Shi Feng a yearning look.

Fire Dance had already reached the Refinement Realm. This development placed a weight on the rest of the team. Violet Cloud felt particularly pressured. She was incredibly anxious to become stronger.

“There is no need to rush. We happen to be on our way there right now.” Saying so, Shi Feng pointed at the distant Candlelight Trading Firm.