Chapter 794 - Contest Of Strength

Chapter 794: Contest of Strength

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 794 – Contest of Strength

The instant the aquamarine Killing Ray[1] and the crimson Bonfire collided, a boom shook the dueling ring.

With the two swords at the center, the stage’s stone floor shattered, dust clouds filling the air.

As soon as the shockwave passed, a figure flew through the dust clouds, slamming into the ground. As soon as that figure landed, however, it stood.

“I made it,” Shi Feng muttered as he got to his feet. Glancing at his trembling hand, he smiled bitterly as he said, “He has so much Strength.”

God’s Domain’s 36 Famed Swords each had their own strengths. Among them, Bonfire was famous for its destructive power. Its Skills were incomparably violent. In the hands of a Berserker, the weapon could topple a city.

Even though his Basic Attributes were slightly higher than Sirius’s, after activating Heavenly Dragon’s Power and increasing his Strength by 100%, the Berserker’s attack had still sent him flying.

Fortunately, however, Heavenly Dragon’s Power had increased both his HP and Defense by 300%. Thunder God’s Descent also had a Damage Reduction effect.

Hence, even after receiving the attack, he had only lost a little over 200 HP.

Fortunately, with Heavenly Dragon’s Power, Shi Feng’s maximum HP reached more than 48,000. Even without the Thunder God’s Descent, Sirius’s attack could barely scratch Shi Feng.

“Ye Feng is strong. Even after Leader used Flame Dragon’s Flash, he took so little damage.” Blood Sun was almost speechless after seeing Shi Feng mostly unharmed.

Everlasting War was similarly dumbfounded.

His memory of Sirius’s Flame Dragon’s Flash was still fresh in his mind. While Sirius had offered him guidance, the Berserker had used a single hit to finish him off, yet Shi Feng had only lost slightly over 200 HP It was astonishing.

Moreover, Shi Feng had lasted so long against Sirius. Shi Feng was the first person he had ever seen capable of such a feat.

Not one member of the Glorious Lions Battle Team could last ten seconds against Sirius. Activating their Berserk Skills had not changed that; Sirius could still end their lives in ten seconds without relying on a Berserk Skill himself.

The difference in combat techniques between Sirius and his subordinates was like the difference between heaven and earth.

“I had never realized that Ye Feng had held back so much of his strength. He can actually contend with an old monster. It feels as if he is even stronger than Martial Dragon.” A light shone in Blue Phoenix’s eyes. She couldn’t help but admire Shi Feng’s strength. If it she had been the one to fight Sirius, the match would have ended by now.

“Indeed. Ye Feng is stronger than Martial Dragon. However, this is only in terms of Skills and Attributes. It really is a wonder how Zero Wing has obtained so many Epic Weapons and Equipment.” Phoenix Rain fell into deep thought as she watched Shi Feng, who stood proudly in the dueling ring.

After watching this match, she finally had a relative understanding of Shi Feng.

Sirius’s strength spoke volumes for itself. Yet, despite facing a monster like Sirius, Shi Feng could rely on his Basic Attributes to compensate for his shortcomings. One could just imagine how powerful his Basic Attributes were. One could not rely on Dark-Gold Equipment to gain Attributes like this. Epic items were the only explanation.

However, how precious were Epic items? Even now, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion only had a few. Yet, among the Asura Battle Team, more than one member wore or wielded their own Epic item.

By her estimations, Aqua Rose and Fire Dance should both possess at least one Epic item. As for Violet Cloud, the Cleric had yet to fight, so she did not know.

However, this insight was frightening enough. After all, Phoenix knew very well that these Epic items originated from Zero Wing.

After Shi Feng activated his Berserk Skill, he would not waste time. Immediately, he charged at Sirius, going in for the kill.

With his HP and Defense, he didn’t need to worry about Sirius’s attacks. He could afford to trade blow for blow.

As Shi Feng was about to arrive before Sirius, he jumped into the air. He then raised Killing Ray, the power of fire and lightning gathering around the blade.

Thunder Flame Explosion!

Immediately, the attack suppressed the space around Sirius.

The spatial suppression would reduce all enemies’ Movement Speeds. With the Skill’s wide range, Sirius had nowhere to dodge.

Sure enough, Sirius showed no intentions of avoiding the attack. Instead, he crossed Bonfire in front of his body, fully intent on receiving the descending elements.

Boom!

Fire and lightning devoured the Berserker whole.

However, the instant the elements came into contact with Bonfire, the Famed Sword absorbed them as if it were a black hole…

“This Skill sure packs a punch.” Sirius revealed an excited smile after Bonfire finished absorbing the flames and lightning. More more cracks had appeared beneath his feet. “However, thanks to you, I finally have a chance to use this Skill to its limits.”

The Berserk Skill he had learned was somewhat unique. The Skill’s name was Baptism of Fire. To display the Skill’s might, he needed to absorb a certain amount of damage from a single attack.

Furthermore, he could exert more of the Berserk Skill’s strength depending on the damage he received from the one attack.

In the past, he had been lucky if his opponents allowed him to display 50% of the Skill’s might. However, Shi Feng’s attack allowed him to exert 100% of the Skill’s effects.

Currently, Baptism of Fire’s Strength bonus reached 120%. His Attack Speed increased by 100%, and his HP jumped by 200%. Six blades of fire also appeared around his body. Meanwhile, Baptism of Fire lasted one full minute, which was more than enough time to end the match.

Shi Feng had a bad feeling as he heard Sirius’s words. However, before Shi Feng could react, the six flaming swords shot towards him.

So fast! Seeing the rapidly approaching swords of fire, Shi Feng instinctively brandished Killing Ray and the Abyssal Blade.

Peng… Peng… Peng…

Six brilliant fires scattered around him as he repelled the fiery weapons. However, the attack had also sent Shi Feng flying across ten yards, three damages of over -300 points appearing above his head.

“How is this be possible?!”

Every member of the Asura Battle team was shocked when they saw Shi Feng fly through the air.

They knew full well how strong Shi Feng’s Basic Attributes were. This was the first time they had seen anyone or anything throw Shi Feng after he activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power.

Heavenly Dragon’s Power increased Shi Feng’s Strength by 100%. With Shi Feng’s current Strength Attribute, a 100% increase even allowed him to face down a High Lord, yet Sirius had sent him flying. How could they not be shocked?

After landing, Shi Feng stared at Sirius with fear in his eyes.

Is this the true strength of these old monsters? Shi Feng glanced at his trembling arms, excitement flaring in his eyes.

Others might not know what had just happened, but as the person responsible for deflecting those swords of fire, Shi Feng understood the events well. Regarding Strength, Shi Feng’s was definitely higher than that of the fiery blades. However, Sirius could control the six swords of fire to their limits.

One sword of fire might not have enough Strength to overpower him, but if two swords combined their Strength, then they would be stronger than him.

Although combining the Strength of two swords sounded simple, realizing the action was extremely difficult. To accomplish this feat, one needed both swords to attack the same location at the same time. Only by doing so could one combine the Strength Attribute of both swords. No ordinary player could achieve the precision and skill this feat required. Even he, as he was now, could not accomplish this feat. However, Sirius had done it. Moreover, he controlled the swords from a long distance…

“Fighting you to this point has made me quite happy. In return, I will show you my strongest, ultimate move,” Sirius proclaimed as he smiled at Shi Feng excitedly. With a faint smile, he pointed Bonfire at Shi Feng.

Immediately, the six swords of fire shot towards Shi Feng, all six combining into one flaming weapon.

TL Notes: [1]aquamarine Killing Ray: Killing Ray’s color has been changed from emerald to aquamarine. Translation mistake (21-Sep-2018). Those who read Chapter 724 and onwards after 21-Sep-2018 can ignore this note.