Chapter 799 - Secrets Of God'S Domain

Chapter 799: Secrets of God’s Domain

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

The Candlelight Trading Firm, Special Forging Room:

“Guild Leader, here are the items you requested.”

After Melancholic Smile entered the room, she stacked materials onto the stone table, creating a large mound of items.

If the upper echelons of other large Guilds saw this, they would be shocked. Every material was extremely valuable. Some were even used to construct a Stable.

However, among these materials, there was one item that was particularly eye-catching: a fragment of a silver stone tablet. This fragment was clearly not a raw material.

Shi Feng picked up the stone tablet while transferring the materials into his bag.

Including the materials he had won in the Dark Arena, he had enough to begin the Guild Stable’s construction.

Currently, the various large Guilds were occupied with raiding Dungeons to collect the Stable Design and required materials to construct the building. However, no one would have imagined that a small Guild like Zero Wing had both. The only thing left to do was to construct the Stable itself.

Shi Feng could not contain his excitement.

In the past, Shadow had invested a lot of time to construct its Stable. By the time the Guild’s Stable was complete, God’s Domain’s mainstream players had surpassed Level 50. Many ordinary players even had their own Mounts.

On the other hand, this timeline’s mainstream players had only reached Level 30. Yet, Zero Wing could begin constructing its own Stable. Zero Wing would be the first Guild in God’s Domain to reveal its Guild Mount to the public.

Ordinary Mounts cost 40 Gold.

However, Guild Mounts only cost 25 Gold.

Although the difference was only 15 Gold, no ordinary player could afford that, even if they sold everything they owned. Even Guild elite players would have to save for a long time to accumulate so much.

Due to this 15-Gold gap, Guild players could obtain their Mounts ahead of ordinary players.

The only problem Guild players faced was that they needed to a certain amount of Guild Contribution Points before they could purchase a Guild Mount. GCPs were automatically rewarded after one completed a Guild Quest. The amount of GCP varied depending on the quest’s difficulty, with higher-leveled quests awarding more points, and ordinary and daily quests awarding very few.

In fact, one could say that the GCP requirement wasn’t a major issue. Money was the only thing Guild players truly needed to purchase their Guild Mounts.

“Guild Leader, is this stone tablet related to your earlier, mysterious actions?” Fire Dance knew of their plans for the Guild Stable. However, she was more concerned with Shi Feng’s previous statement.

After reaching her combat standard, it was extremely difficult to advance further.

If there really was an item that could improve a player’s combat standards, it must be heaven-defying.

“That’s right. This stone tablet is the item that can help everyone grow stronger.” Shi Feng nodded.

The information he received from Sirius stated that there were all sorts of Skills in God’s Domain. There were ordinary Skills, General Skills, Taboo Skills, and an extremely rare type of Skill known as a Secret Technique.

Secret Techniques were unique in God’s Domain.

Moreover, learning a Secret Technique was different from learning ordinary Skills, whereby players could learn a Skill with a click of a button. Secret Techniques were also different from Taboo Skills, where players were only required to reach a certain Completion Rate. To learn a Secret Technique, players had to comprehend it. One’s comprehension depended on the player. As to how one used the Secret Technique, that also depended on the player.

Unlike the usual Skills, a Secret Technique would not appear in a player’s Skill Menu even after learning it. Secret Techniques also lacked a Cooldown. Players could use the Secret Technique whenever and however they desired. The only resource consumed when using a Secret Technique was Concentration.

Shi Feng had learned a Secret Technique before. In truth, a Secret Technique was just a unique method of utilizing combat techniques.

Void Steps was considered a footwork-type Secret Technique.

Moreover, Sirius had revealed that his six-in-one combination attack was a byproduct of his Secret Technique. Although he had known how to use such a technique for quite a while, he had not been able to use the six-in-one combination attack. However, learning the Secret Technique had allowed his combat standard to reach a whole new level, allowing him to execute a six-in-one combination attack. Without the Secret Technique, even with his Domain, such a complex technique would have been beyond him.

Meanwhile, when speaking of Secret Techniques…

Shi Feng immediately thought of the Secret Sword Technique he had obtained during his promotion to Blade Saint.

At the time, he had not realized what this item’s purpose was. The stone tablet’s introduction simply stated that it held some kind of divine power and that he needed to collect all the stone tablet fragments to restore the engraved pattern. Hence, he had not bothered with the Secret Sword Technique.

After all, obtaining this single fragment had nearly cost him his life. How difficult would it be to collect all six pieces?

Of course, the Secret Technique stone tablet the Battle Wolves had obtained was also incomplete. Even so, players could still learn from the fragment. However, they needed to meet a specific requirement to learn the Secret Technique it hid.

The requirement was Magic Crystals!

One needed to inject a significant amount of magic power into the stone tablet to activate the Secret Technique once. Moreover, this Secret Technique was not complete. If one wanted to learn the complete Secret Technique, they had to collect all the necessary fragments.

Although Sirius had kindly told him how to activate the Secret Technique stone tablet, the old man had not told him where to find one. This was also the first time Shi Feng had ever heard of Secret Techniques.

This was the tragedy middle- and low-class players faced. Unless one was extraordinarily lucky, many of God’s Domain’s secrets were beyond people like him.

“Secret Sword Technique?” Violet Cloud blinked as she looked at the stone tablet in Shi Feng’s hands. “Guild Leader, can’t only melee classes learn this?”

“No. Any class can learn a Secret Technique. However, some are more suitable for certain classes. Fortunately, there is no limit to how many players can learn it. Take Void Steps and Sirius’s six-in-one combination attack for example. These combat techniques are not necessarily suitable for our classes. However, if utilized properly, they are still significantly effective,” Shi Feng explained, smiling.

In reality, the Secret Technique Sirius had learned was more suited to magical classes, while Void Steps was more suitable for Assassins rather than Swordsmen. When used, however, they could still improve a player’s combat power significantly.

Aside from suitability, how much one had of a Secret Technique was also important.

Sirius had learned his Secret Technique from a fragment. Hence, he could display immense power with the technique. On the other hand, Shi Feng had learned Void Steps by copying another player. His skill with the technique was less than garbage. Hence, his capabilities with Void Steps were limited. If he had learned the Secret Sword Technique before his fight with Sirius, he would have had a much easier time taking the old man down.

Hearing Shi Feng’s explanation, his companions were speechless.

They had all seen Sirius’s six-in-one combination attack. They had never imagined that the stone tablet before them was actually something so amazing. If they could learn such a combat technique as well, they would have a higher chance of winning their battles, even against more powerful opponents.