Chapter 795 - Six Swords In One

Chapter 795: Six Swords in One

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 795 – Six Swords in One

When the six swords of fire merged into one, the crimson flames turned a brilliant white. Wherever this flaming white weapon went, the white stone floor beneath it melted.

Seeing the white sword of fire fly towards him, Shi Feng’s expression turned grim.

Just how strong is he?

Merging two swords of fire together was already an incredibly difficult task. If one could not synchronize the swords perfectly, even an error of one-tenth of a millimeter would ruin the combined Strength, resulting in individual attacks.

Yet, now, Sirius had merged all six swords of fire into one.

The compounded Strength was no laughing matter.

The burning white weapon possessed three times the Strength of the previous combination.

“Alright, it’s time we put an end to this battle.”

Sirius narrowed his eyes.

Xiu!

A sonic boom resounded throughout the dueling ring as the fiery white sword covered a dozen yards in an instant, arriving before Shi Feng’s heart.

Although Shi Feng wanted to dodge the sword, Sirius had already locked on to him. If he moved in the slightest, Sirius would immediately adjust the sword’s trajectory. Defending himself while moving was also far more difficult.

His only option was to allow the flaming blade to come within critical range before dodging it.

The instant the sword was within range, Shi Feng sidestepped.

“It’s useless. I’ve already predicted your actions,” Sirius shook his head as he commanded the white sword of fire with a thought.

The sword suddenly changed its trajectory, stabbing towards Shi Feng’s heart once more.

However, Shi Feng had prepared for this moment. Suddenly, Killing Ray released a dazzling white glow.

Flame Burst!

The white light caused the dueling ring’s temperature to soar instantly. Killing Ray then transformed into a streak of white light that collided with the sword of fire.

Boom!

Everyone in the spectator stands felt their hearts shake and eardrums rupture.

In the next moment, a small crater with a radius of over two yards appeared at the epicenter of the collision. The crater had been scorched black as if created by a meteorite.

Meanwhile, like a cannonball, Shi Feng flew over 20 yards away. His HP instantly fell by more than 1,500 points. When he landed, the stone flooring beneath his feet cracked, the fissures extending over five yards from him.

As the deafening boom passed, silence overtook the audience. Everyone was stupefied.

“Is this really a battle between humans?”

This thought continuously echoed through everyone’s minds.

The two fighters in the dueling ring felt more like Lord ranked monsters, rather than players. Not only were they both astonishingly fast, but their Strengths and reaction speeds were also incredible.

They had used the system’s slow-motion function to watch the two fighters clash. Otherwise, they would not have had a single clue about what had happened.

“Snow, do you know anything about that sword of fire? Is it a Skill?” Zhao Yueru asked, excitement flashing in her eyes.

Even after watching the fight for a long time, she could not figure out why that burning weapon was so immensely powerful. Previously, it had only dealt Shi Feng around -300 damage. Now, not only had it dealt over -1,500 damage, but the Strength it contained had also increased tremendously.

However, she had only seen the six crimson swords of fire merge into one. If she could similarly combine her Spells, just how devastatingly powerful could her Spells become?

Gentle Snow simply shook her head in response to Zhao Yueru’s question.

This was the first time she had ever seen something like this.

The thought of combining attacks to improve the Strength of a Skill had never crossed her mind before. She had never imagined that the combined Strength would yield such overwhelming effects.

Although she could tell what her friend was thinking, she did not think that Sirius’s attack was just as simple as merging the six swords of fire to attack simultaneously. After all, when they fought Dungeon Bosses, there were often instances where several Spells struck the Boss simultaneously. However, none of those instances had ever yielded such combination effects.

Moreover, if the six swords of fire had combined to attack simultaneously, six damages should have appeared above Shi Feng’s head. However, only one had appeared. Hence, Sirius’s attack was not as simple as it seemed. Otherwise, with Shi Feng’s current combat standard, there was no reason why he could not use such a technique as well.

Since Shi Feng was not using this technique, that could only mean one thing—he was not capable of using it.

Thinking up to this point, Gentle Snow trembled involuntarily.

The combat techniques Shi Feng had displayed had long since surpassed her imagination, yet even a powerful expert like Shi Feng couldn’t use this combination technique. One could just imagine how powerful Sirius was.

Moreover, at this point, it was obvious that Shi Feng had already activated his Berserk Skill. Even so, he was at a disadvantage. In contrast, Sirius had yet to suffer a single point of damage.

While everyone focused on the battle, Sirius had launched another attack. He had no intentions of allowing Shi Feng to catch his breath.

Again and again, the sword of white fire attacked. Although Shi Feng managed to block them, the attacks sent him flying repeatedly.

Very quickly, his HP dropped below the 50% threshold.

“Is that old man really human?” Blue Phoenix was speechless as she watched the battle unfold.

Others might not grasp how complex and elaborate Sirius’s combination attack was, but she could. Moreover, she had even attempted the technique before. Currently, she could barely merge two attacks into one. Adding even one attack to the combination would increase the technique’s difficulty exponentially.

Although combination attacks could increase her firepower tremendously, this technique placed an extremely heavy burden on her Concentration. After three uses, she had no choice but to enter Sleep Mode.

In contrast, not only was Sirius capable of merging six attacks, but he could also the attack over a dozen times…

“Brat, you really are durable. You are the first person to last so long against this move. However, now that you’ve used up that Skill that enhances your Attack Power, the next attack won’t just end with flying across the ring.” Sirius laughed.

Is this the true strength of a Domain? As Shi Feng watched the flaming blade dart towards him again, he finally realized the gap between Sirius and himself.

Although his Attributes were superior, Sirius surpassed him when it came to Skill application.

Experts in the Realms of Refinement might be able to exert 100% of their combat power, but the old man before him could exert more than that.

However, this battle had also helped him finally realize what he needed to work towards.

“To fight against an old monster like you… I am truly fortunate,” Shi Feng mumbled, his lips curling into a smile as he watched the brilliant white sword fly straight towards him.

“Fortunate?” Sirius was momentarily speechless when he heard Shi Feng’s mumbling.

He had not expected Shi Feng to be a masochist…

Shi Feng suddenly relaxed his body before tightening his grip on Killing Ray.

Blade Liberation!

The weapon he chose was none other than the Sacred Sword Killing Ray. Blade Liberation’s effects would change depending on the quality of the target sword. In previous instances, when he used the Abyssal Blade as the target sword, his Strength and Agility increased by roughly 90%. Meanwhile, Killing Ray was a higher quality weapon than the Magic Weapon.

The instant Shi Feng activated Blade Liberation, a blue glow surrounded his body. With a light swing of his arm, the Killing Ray in his hand transformed into a bolt of lightning that ripped through the air towards the sword of white fire.