Chapter 806 - Difference In Weapons

Chapter 806: Difference in Weapons

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 806 – Difference in Weapons

“This…”

Surprise flashed in everyone’s eyes as they watched Shi Feng.

The Lord ranked monster’s Fireballs were extraordinary. Even from this distance, they could feel the power contained within those massive Fireballs. If they encountered one of those Fireballs, the blast from the impact would definitely send them flying.

Yet, in front of Shi Feng, these massive Fireballs were as fragile as glass.

With one hit, Shi Feng sliced apart every Fireball sent at him. The Icefire Cheetah’s attack hadn’t slowed Shi Feng in the slightest. In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng was only 30 yards away from the Icefire Cheetah.

“Grrr!”

Seeing the impudent human approach, the Icefire Cheetah released an angry, deafening roar. Rather than attacking with its fire, its paws pushed off the ground. Instantly, the Level 44 Lord transformed into an afterimage as it pounced on Shi Feng.

A Lord ranked monster’s Attributes were frightening enough. To add to the terror, the Icefire Cheetah was a speed-type Boss. It would only take the Icefire Cheetah an instant to cross the 30 yards.

The Icefire Cheetah loomed like a three-story building as it appeared before Shi Feng. It swiped its razor-sharp claws at Shi Feng’s head.

Boom!

The hard, rocky ground beneath the Swordsman shattered and exploded, sending dust everywhere. Even Thoughtful Rain and the others, who stood roughly 100 yards away from Shi Feng, could feel the ground tremble.

“Such high Strength!” Autumn Goose was shocked when she saw the flying rocks.

“Is that a Level 44 Lord ranked monster?” Death Wind’s expression grew serious. Previously, he thought he could, more or less, cope with the Icefire Cheetah’s attack. Now, however, even with a healer, he would only last a few hits.

Moreover, not only was the Icefire Cheetah’s Strength absurd, but its speed also astonishing. He would have an extremely difficult time trying to dodge the Lord’s attacks.

“Death Wind, hurry and attract the Crystal Giants’ attention! Everyone else, head for the cave as quickly as possible!” Shi Feng’s voice suddenly burst into the team chat.

The team was shocked to hear it.

They had not expected Shi Feng to still be alive after taking the Icefire Cheetah’s attack.

“How did he evade that attack?!” When the dust settled, Gunfire’s eyes nearly fell out of their sockets.

Shi Feng actually stood beside the Icefire Cheetah’s claws, completely unharmed. The Lord’s attack had only created a massive crater beneath its feet.

The Icefire Cheetah was incredibly quick. Even Gunfire had failed to catch a clear look before the Lord’s claws landed. If even his eyes had trouble keeping up with the monster, he would have no hope of evading its attacks.

Yet, without a doubt, Shi Feng had done just that.

At this moment, however, everyone shoved away their shock as they charged towards the cave. Death Wind immediately cast Crowd Mock on the Crystal Giants, attracting the dozen or so Special Elites’ aggro.

The Crystal Giants were not speed-type monsters. Rather, they relied on their Strength. Their movements were relatively slow. Although ordinary players would still find it difficult to evade the Crystal Giants’ attacks, an expert like Death Wind could easily evade simultaneous the attacks of two or three Crystal Giants.

Even if he could not dodge, he could block them with his shield.

Meanwhile, Thoughtful Rain cast Ice Walls and Ice Spheres to limit the Giants’ movement, allowing the others to shake off the Special Elites and head into the cave.

“Such immense power!”

There were too many Crystal Giants. For a time, even Death Wind struggled to cope with the attacks he was receiving, and he was forced to defend with his shield. However, the instant a Crystal Giant’s fist struck his shield, the impact forced Death Wind to retreat by four steps before he steadied himself, a damage of over -800 points appearing above his head.

“Why are these Crystal Giants so strong?” Autumn Goose wore a solemn expression when she saw the damage above Death Wind’s head.

Death Wind was a Level 35 Shield Warrior with over 14,000 HP. He was also fully geared with Level 30 top-tier equipment. Even his shield was a Level 30 Dark-Gold ranked shield. The Shield Warrior had also learned plenty of Passive Skills that increased his Defense.

Death Wind would lose around 200 HP when he blocked an attack from a Level 35 Special Elite with his shield. Now, the Level 43 Crystal Giant dealt over -800 damage with one punch. Its Strength could rival a Level 35 Chieftain. If Death Wind failed to block or dodge the attack, the Shield Warrior would only last three or four hits.

Autumn Goose’s gaze shifted towards the distant Shi Feng once more.

Currently, Shi Feng was tanking a Level 44 Lord. If even a Level 43 Special Elite was so strong, just how horrific was the Lord?

However, even now, the Icefire Cheetah had yet to land a single hit on Shi Feng.

If she or anyone else tried to tank the Lord, the Icefire Cheetah would have long since claimed their lives.

She never thought that there was such a massive gap between them…

Autumn Goose and the others did not realize that Shi Feng was actually struggling. One could say that he was on thin ice with every move.

Shi Feng’s Attributes were very high. However, he was only Level 39. The Icefire Cheetah, on the other hand, was Level 44. Moreover, it was a Lord ranked monster. Previously, when Shi Feng had faced the Level 50 Special Elite Blood Warrior, he only managed to defeat it after using all of his strength.

The Icefire Cheetah was much stronger than the Blood Warrior. Not only did it possess higher Strength, but it was also significantly faster.

If not for his reaching the Void Realm and accurately predicting the Cheetah’s attack trajectories, the Level 44 Lord would have already shredded Shi Feng to pieces.

Of course, Shi Feng had the ability to suppress the Icefire Cheetah. He just needed to activate his Berserk Skill.

Unfortunately, Berserk Skills’ Cooldowns were too long. On the off chance that they encountered danger later on, without the trump card of a Berserk Skill, they would be easy prey.

Aside from Berserk Skills, he could also summon a Tier 2 Demon with the Bible of Darkness. With a Tier 2 Demon acting as a meat shield, killing the Icefire Cheetah would not be a problem. However, doing so would reveal the Bible of Darkness to outsiders. He could not use it casually.

Moreover, as a veteran gamer who had adventured in God’s Domain for over a decade, he knew how important it was to maintain his peak state.

Currently, his job was to hold the Icefire Cheetah back, not to kill it. He had no reason to go all-out.

This should be enough. While dodging, Shi Feng glanced towards the other party members, noticing that they had almost reached the cave. He then began to move towards the cave as well.

After everyone entered the cave, and Shi Feng shook off the Icefire Cheetah…

Death Wind blocked the Crystal Giants and the quickly approaching Crystal Wolves. The rest of the party members then launched their own attacks.

The cave was cramped, so only three Crystal Giants could attack the Shield Warrior at a time. Even if Death Wind blocked the attacks with his shield, the Cleric Blue Bamboo could heal him in time and keep his HP full.

“So hard!” Autumn Goose felt her hands numb as she hacked her greatsword at a Crystal Giant. Meanwhile, the Crystal Giant she attacked only received around -1,300 damage. “This Defense could rival a Lord ranked monster’s.”

As for Gunfire, his damage was around the same as Autumn Goose’s. His normal attacks only dealt around -1,200 damage. Only with his Skills could he deal over -2,000 damage.

Among the party members, Thoughtful Rain was the most awkward. As these monsters were Elemental Beings, their Magic Resistance was quite high. Despite her top-tier equipment, her Spells dealt less than -1,000 damage. Only Tier 1 Skills were slightly more effective.

Peng!

The crack of crystal echoed throughout the cave, and the players shifted their gazes towards the sound’s origin.

A damage of -5,458 points appeared above the head of a Crystal Giant. A deep groove had appeared on the Special Elite’s hard crystal exterior…