Chapter 808 - Ye Feng’S Invitation

Chapter 808: Ye Feng’s Invitation

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 808 – Ye Feng’s Invitation

“A Fine-Gold Treasure Chest?!”

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, everyone spun towards the distant, glowing altar.

Five crystal pillars stood around the altar, glowing a faint blue. A golden Treasure Chest sat above the altar.

Next to the Treasure Chest sat a massive, pitch-black egg.

Runes decorated the egg’s surface, and a faint, white mist flowed into it.

“Rain, that should be the item you’re looking for,” Autumn Goose said as she pointed towards the egg.

Due to the quest’s introduction, the team knew that the quest would award a Mount. That giant, sealed egg was the reason for their visit to the Crystal Forest.

“That should be the one.” Thoughtful Rain nodded. However, when she looked at the altar, her expression darkened slightly.

A faint, blue barrier enveloped the altar. An NPC also stood next to the altar with his eyes closed. If one used an Identification Skill on this NPC, they would discover that he was actually a Level 100, Tier 3 Illusionist.

[Gerard] (Illusionist)

Level 100

HP 8,000,000/8,000,000

The indicator above this Illusionist was red, informing players that this Tier 3 NPC was an enemy.

A Tier 3 class was the equivalent of a Great Lord of the same Level. Although NPCs had far less HP than Great Lords of the same Level, players would rather deal with a Great Lord than a Tier 3 NPC.

Furthermore, the Illusionist before them was a Level 100, Tier 3 NPC.

The instant everyone noticed Gerard’s presence, they felt a weight land on their shoulders. A gloomy atmosphere descended on them, sabotaging their earlier joy of finding the Berserk Skill.

“Are we supposed to defeat him?” Blue Bamboo asked softly as she pointed at Gerard, worried that her voice would attract the NPC’s attention.

Nobody in the party had an answer to the Cleric’s question.

If they had to defeat Gerard to complete this quest, then this trip had been in vain.

Even a Level 100, Tier 1 NPC could beat them black and blue, much less a Level 100, Tier 3 NPC. The difference in Levels and Attributes was simply too massive. None of the equipment currently available in God’s Domain could make up for this gap.

Just as everyone considered giving up…

“No. There should be a way to complete this quest,” Shi Feng suddenly said through the party chat.

“You have a plan?” Everyone turned to Shi Feng in surprise.

Surviving Gerard’s attacks would be a miracle, not to mention stealing the giant egg he guarded. How could they possibly walk away with that egg?

As far as they were concerned, this task was impossible.

That was a level 100, Tier 3 NPC, not a Common monster.

“Yes. That NPC is clearly maintaining the Defensive Magic Array and injecting most of his Mana into that giant egg. There are two possible outcomes if we approach him. In the first scenario,t Gerard gives up maintaining the magic array and attacks us, while in the second scenario, he continues to maintain the magic array, but summons a beast to deal with us. If that is the case, Gerard himself will be unable to move. If we interrupt his casting, the Defensive Magic Array will fail.

“In either scenario, we have a chance to steal the egg as long as we interrupt the magic array. The only problem is delaying Gerald and creating an opportunity for one of us to steal the egg.”

Everyone nodded, agreeing with Shi Feng’s logic.

“But which one of us will delay the NPC?” Autumn Goose asked. “Even if Big Brother Wind is a Shield Warrior, against a Level 100, Tier 3 NPC, he will die instantly. And which one of us will be responsible for stealing the egg?”

Putting it bluntly, they did not even qualify as cannon fodder. How could they successfully steal the egg?

“I can delay him for a short time. However, the person stealing the egg must be quick. If they’re not fast enough, this operation will fail,” Shi Feng said after giving it some thought.

With his current strength, he had no hope of defeating a Tier 3 Illusionist. Delaying one, however, was possible.

Although Shi Feng had spoken softly, his words had dumbfounded his companions.

They had a rough understanding of this Swordsman after witnessing Shi Feng’s actions and hearing what he had to say.

He lived up to his words and was extremely trustworthy.

Since Shi Feng had made the claim, it meant that he was confident that he could accomplish it. Otherwise, he would not have said anything at all.

“But there are no speed-type classes among us. We won’t make it in time,” Thoughtful Rain said, shaking her head.

Setting aside magical classes and Shi Feng, who had to pin down the NPC, everyone else was a Warrior. They would be able to steal the egg fast enough.

“Don’t we have the War Spirit Possession?” Shi Feng asked, chuckling.

The War Spirit Possession Skill increased a player’s Agility. Naturally, the player’s speed would also increase. Moreover, he had Speed Scrolls in his bag. With these, they should be able to reach the egg in time.

“But this Skill Book is too valuable. Moreover, we have only come this far thanks to you, Ye Feng. Would you really be alright with letting outsiders learn the War Spirit Possession?” Autumn Goose asked awkwardly.

The Berserk Skill was more valuable than top-tier equipment or weapons.

“It’s just a Skill Book. If you feel so bad about it, why don’t you join Zero Wing? If experts like you join Zero Wing, you will be given a set of Dark-Gold Equipment. Receiving a Berserk Skill is also normal. Moreover, Zero Wing’s management is not strict. There aren’t many restrictions on our members. If you want to go out on an adventure or do a quest, the Guild will even provide with all sorts of assistance,” Shi Feng offered, grinning.

All three of these players, Autumn Goose, Death Wind, and Gunfire, exhibited remarkable combat standards. They only lacked some formal guidance. Otherwise, they could become a force to be reckoned with.

Zero Wing had grown a lot stronger. However, it still had very few experts.

If Autumn Goose and the others joined Zero Wing, it would undoubtedly make the Guild even stronger.

Not to mention a mere Berserk Skill Book, Shi Feng was even willing to give each of them a Tier 1 Set Equipment if they joined the Guild.

To other expert players, the War Spirit Possession might be precious, but to Zero Wing’s experts, it was nothing. Shi Feng could simply give them the Power of Darkness. Although the Power of Darkness did not provide as much of a boost as the War Spirit Possession did, its duration was far longer. Overall, the Power of Darkness was stronger than the War Spirit Possession by a large margin.

Moreover, compared to several Berserk Skill Books, Shi Feng was more interested in the Fine-Gold Treasure Chest. That Treasure Chest was even rarer than a Berserk Skill.

After Shi Feng’s blatant attempt to recruit them, Autumn Goose and the others pondered their options for some time.

Previously, they had felt nothing more than disdain for Guilds. However, after seeing Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo’s daily lifestyle in the game, in addition to the fact that Zero Wing was home to an expert like Shi Feng, their impressions of Zero Wing had changed significantly.

Even an expert like Shi Feng was willing to help Thoughtful Rain with her quest. It was simply unthinkable in other Guilds. Moreover, Thoughtful Rain adventured with their group often. She had never been restricted. On the contrary, every time Thoughtful Rain joined them on a quest, she offered an abundance of useful information that she had obtained from her Guild.

The information was usually out of their reach and had been incredibly convenient when they quested.

In the end, after a serious discussion between the three, Autumn Goose walked up to Shi Feng with a solemn expression.