Chapter 807 - War Spirit Possession

Chapter 807: War Spirit Possession

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 807 – War Spirit Possession

“How can his Attack Power be so high?”

Autumn Goose and the others were momentarily stunned.

Despite wearing top-tier equipment, their attacks barely scratched the Crystal Giants. These monsters’ Defense was so high that their weapons couldn’t injure the Special Elites.

Yet, not only had Shi Feng’s attack dealt a frightening amount of damage, but it had also wounded the monster, decreasing its combat power.

However, before Autumn Goose and the others could recover from their surprise, Shi Feng executed Chop on the Crystal Giant.

Three arcs of blue sword light converged to a single point and flew towards the Crystal Giant. The attack even sliced apart space, a black seam appearing along the sword light’s trail.

When the black seam encountered the Crystal Giant, the Special Elite’s crystal exterior shattered. Shi Feng’s sword passed through the Crystal Giant’s body as if it were air. Without any resistance whatsoever, the weapon cleaved through one side of the monster’s body.

-9,462!

This damage hadn’t been the result of a critical hit. This damage was simply from Shi Feng’s Skill. Immediately, a large chunk of the Crystal Giant’s HP vanished. Moreover, due to the injury from the attack, the Crystal Giant’s movements became somewhat sluggish.

After a brief fight, the Crystal Giant, which had 510,000 HP, fell to the ground, dropping a piece of equipment and several materials. Everyone in the party also received a bounty of EXP. Meanwhile, the Crystal Giant that Death Wind and the other party members fought still had over half of its HP. The difference between Shi Feng’s damage and theirs was obvious with a glance.

“Is he even human?! How is his damage so high?!” Autumn Goose exclaimed when she glanced at Crystal Giant.

Shi Feng’s damage was several times higher than theirs combined. Moreover, he easily defeated the Crystal Giant without receiving any help at all.

Even in the Wind God’s Spear, they would be hard-pressed to find such a strong player.

“I told you that Big Brother Ye Feng is very strong, yet none of you believed me! You get it now, right?” Blue Bamboo said proudly as she puffed her chest, acting as Shi Feng’s achievement were her own.

Seeing her friend’s behavior, Thoughtful Rain shook her head and smiled bitterly.

However, Shi Feng’s performance had been satisfying.

Previously, Autumn Goose and the others had continuously advised her to leave Zero Wing. Moreover, they had insisted that she would improve slower in the Guild than if she joined the Wind God’s Spear and that their organization’s experts were far stronger.

However, Shi Feng’s performance proved them wrong.

With this, Autumn Goose and the others would most likely stop trying to persuade her to leave Zero Wing.

“Is this the strength of a Zero Wing expert?” Gunfire was stunned after watching Shi Feng’s performance.

He was considered one of the top ranking experts in the organization. He had even killed many Guild experts during his time in the Dark Night Empire. However, if he compared himself to Shi Feng, the difference between them was practically the difference between heaven and earth.

He could not bring himself to believe that a player could be so powerful.

First, Shi Feng had tanked a Level 44 Lord. Now, Shi Feng swiftly defeated a Level 43 Special Elite by himself. Both the Swordsman’s combat techniques and his Basic Attributes were far more powerful than his own.

With such a powerful DPS player like Shi Feng in the party, they could clear out the Crystal Giants and Crystal Wolves far faster.

In less than half an hour, the Giants and Wolves inside the cave had died, leaving behind all sorts of weapons, equipment, and materials.

“We’re leveling so fast. I will usually need to grind for two or three hours to earn this much EXP. If we continue grinding at this pace, I’ll reach Level 36 within a day.” Autumn Goose’s excitement grew as she looked at her own EXP bar.

Players could use Mounts once they reached Level 40. At that time, she would not have to waste so much time running about. She could also explore new places, reducing her competition over resources.

The other party members also received a huge boost to their EXP bars. Their leveling speed here was at least two or three times faster than their usual leveling speed.

To Shi Feng, however, the EXP he obtained from killing the Crystal Giants and Crystal Wolves was not nearly enough.

He was Level 39 already. Moreover, he required double the normal EXP to level up. The EXP these Special Elites and Common monsters provided barely moved his EXP bar.

“Huh? There’s a Skill Book here!” Death Wind stated when he noticed a thick, glowing golden book on the ground. Picking it up, he exclaimed, “A Berserk Skill Book! We’ve hit the jackpot!”

The main method to learn Skills in God’s Domain was by visiting NPC instructors; players also learned Skills by purchasing them with Legacy Skill Points or obtaining Skill Books.

The Skills that instructors offered were general. Their strength was also subpar at best. However, one could learn a large variety of Skills with this method.

Meanwhile, although the Skills one purchased with Legacy Points were very powerful, it was extremely difficult to obtain Legacy Points. Normally, players only obtained them by leveling up.

As for Skills learned from Skill Books, they were generally quite powerful. Some were even stronger than Legacy Skills.

In the current God’s Domain, a player’s strength did not only depend on weapons and equipment. Skills were very important as well. It was especially true for Berserk Skills.

If an elite player learned a Berserk Skill, they could contend with expert players; they might even be able to defeat them.

If an expert player learned a Berserk Skill, they could defeat top-tier experts who lacked their own Berserk Skill. They could also hold off a Lord ranked monster of the same Level for a short time. Hence, Berserk Skills were incredibly valuable in God’s Domain.

Unfortunately, Berserk Skills were even rarer than top-tier Dark-Gold Equipment.

On the market, a single Berserk Skill Book could cost several hundred Gold. This fascinated countless players. If they could obtain an extremely powerful Berserk Skill, they could easily sell it for hundreds of Gold to a large Guild.

However, players were rarely willing to sell their Berserk Skills.

Even now, the powerful Wind God’s Spear only had two players with Berserk Skills.

“Big Brother Wind, what kind of Berserk Skill is it?” Blue Bamboo asked, her eyes practically glowing. “Is it for magical classes?”

When the others heard this, they glanced at the golden Skill Book as well. They were all curious about the Skill Book.

“It’s a melee class Berserk Skill called War Spirit Possession,” Death Wind said. He then displayed the Skill’s introduction to the party chat.

[War Spirit Possession]

Allows a heroic spirit to possess a melee class for a short period. When activated, decreases all Skill Cooldowns by 30%, increases damage by 20%, Strength by 90%, Agility by 50%, and Endurance by 50% for 60 seconds.

Cooldown: 8 hours

(Cannot be stacked with other Attribute-increasing Skills.)

“Such a powerful Berserk Skill!” Many in the party fell speechless after reading the Skill’s details.

Generally, a Berserk Skill only increased one Attribute. Berserk Skills that covered multiple Attributes were extremely rare.

This Skill Book excited Autumn Goose, Death Wind, and Gunfire, who were all melee classes. On the other hand, Blue Bamboo and Thoughtful Rain were slightly disappointed.

With this Berserk Skill, questing by themselves or fighting other players would become much easier.

“Don’t just focus on the Skill Book. There’s still a Fine-Gold Treasure Chest here,” Shi Feng informed the others as he pointed towards the large, golden Treasure Chest that sat deep inside the cave.