Chapter 800 - Restrictions

Chapter 800: Restrictions

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Shi Feng could not help his smile when he saw the yearning and desperation in everyone’s eyes. He could relate.

“Although the Secret Technique stone tablet is an excellent item, there are many restrictions. There are even restrictions while one is learning the Secret Technique itself. This is not an easy endeavor,” Shi Feng explained.

The Secret Technique stone tablet help players learn how to better-utilize their combat techniques. While learning these methods, they might even discover a breakthrough and advance their combat standards. This was why Sirius was so confident of his declaration that Shi Feng could grow stronger if he possessed a Secret Technique stone tablet.

If every member in a Guild could learn the Secret Technique, their strength could defy heaven.

Naturally, the Main God System would not allow such a situation. Although the legacy within a Secret Technique stone tablet would not expire, it could only be used once per month. Moreover, only ten players could learn the technique each time it was available.

In addition, because he only possessed a fragment, he needed to create a Stabilizing Magic Array to use it.

Magic arrays were incomparably precious. Normally, it was impossible for players to obtain the knowledge of creating one. Moreover, kingdoms and empires kept a very tight lid on any information they had about magic arrays, making it even more difficult for players to learn the process. Hence, players had to rely on the Magic Array Designs they obtained to teach them the mechanics of producing magic arrays.

Currently, no player throughout God’s Domain knew how to produce Stabilizing Magic Arrays. They could only obtain them from NPCs.

Although God’s Domain had countless NPCs, not all NPCs knew how to produce magic arrays. Even powerful magical class NPCs rarely knew how to produce more profound arrays.

The Stabilizing Magic Array just happened to be a particularly profound, twofold magic array. Even Tier 3 magical class NPCs would find it extremely difficult to produce an array of such caliber.

This wasn’t the only issue they faced.

These magic arrays also required something of each player. To learn a Secret Technique from a stone tablet, players also needed to know how to produce magic arrays. Of course, they didn’t need a complete understanding of the topic, but they did need the ability to produce a simple Intermediate Magic Array.

This was why Shi Feng had led his team to the Special Forging Room.

The Simulation Device in the Candlelight Trading Firm’s Special Forging Rooms had already recorded all of the information Zero Wing possessed about magic arrays. Even the designs for the Nine-star Polar Domain and Teleportation Magic Array had been recorded. Players could easily rehearse the production process without needing to waste precious materials. They only needed to spend some Magic Crystals.

When Shi Feng thought about how the Battle Wolves lacked a Special Forging Room of its own, he imagined how many materials they Super Guild had spent to allow ten players to learn to produce an Intermediate Magic Array. The thought was staggering. However, the Battle Wolves was capable of such a feat precisely because it was a Super Guild. A first-rate Guild could never afford to learn a Secret Technique without a Special Forging Room.

“If you wish to learn the Secret Technique, you’ll have to learn to produce Intermediate Magic Arrays. All of the necessary information can be found inside the Simulation Device. Learn the technique as quickly as possible. Once you can produce Intermediate Magic Arrays, you can learn the Secret Technique,” Shi Feng explained as he pointed towards the flowing ball of water inside the forging room.

“Learn to produce Intermediate Magic Arrays?” Aqua Rose repeated with a frown.

This task would be very difficult. As a Cursemancer, she relied on incantations and runes to cast her Spells, so she had little understanding of the subject.

In reality, when magical class players cast a Spell, they drew runes or chanted incantations to guide the surrounding Elemental Mana to form a magic array.

Of course, higher-tiered Spells required more runes and incantations. As she understood it, a Tier 1 Spell’s magic array was the equivalent of a Basic Magic Array, while a Tier 2 Spell’s array was the equivalent of an Intermediate Magic Array. Moreover, when constructing a magic array, the system would not offer any assistance or guidance. Players had to draw the runes or chant the incantations themselves. Hence, the requirement was quite strict.

In other words, without any assistance from the system, she needed to complete a relatively complex Tier 2 Spell in a set period of time. Furthermore, the magic array she needed to craft would be far more complex than any of her Spells.

It would be very difficult for her to produce an Intermediate Magic Array.

If a magical class player already had such troubles, this would be a nightmare for physical class players.

“This is mandatory. Even I can’t do anything about it. You have to rely on yourselves for this task,” Shi Feng said as he spread his hands in a helpless gesture. He could not help them.

He had only been able to produce the Nine-star Polar Domain so quickly because of the understanding he had gained in his previous life. Hence, it would take a relatively long time for the others to produce an Intermediate Magic Array.

Fortunately, he could use this opportunity to deal with the Guild Stable.

Following which, Shi Feng left the Candlelight Trading Firm and headed towards the Adventurer’s Association. Meanwhile, Fire Dance and the other physical class players began to learn all they could about magic arrays. As for Aqua Rose and the other magical classes, they began to experiment with the process of producing Basic Magic Arrays.

As the number of Guild Residences in the city rapidly increased, the number of players who visited the Adventurer’s Association in search of their Daily Guild Quests increased as well. Currently, the Association enjoyed a constant stream of players entering and leaving the building. When the players inside the building saw the six-winged Guild Emblem on Shi Feng’s chest, their gazes turned green with envy.

Many of the female players acted like ravenous wolves when their eyes landed on Shi Feng. They shot him flirtatious glances and dreamed of pouncing on the young man, devouring him whole.

Shi Feng was speechless. He inwardly celebrated the fact that he had not come as Black Flame, and that he had chosen to wear his Black Cloak. Otherwise, these players might have truly devoured him.

However, when he saw the players lined up to accept their daily quests, he could not help but feel nostalgia.

In the past, he, too, had often come here to receive his Daily Guild Quests.

Guild Quests fell into two main categories. The first category consisted of the Daily Guild Quests that players could accept at the Adventurer’s Association, while the second consisted of the NPC-commissioned quests that were sent to Guild Residences.

Any Guild member could accept a Daily Guild Quest. However, the rewards were mediocre at best. Very little EXP was awarded as well.

Meanwhile, NPC-commissioned quests were different. Even the most ordinary commissioned quest provided decent remuneration and EXP reward. Some even rewarded relatively good weapons and equipment.

Unfortunately, Guild Residences did not receive enough NPC-commissioned quests to supply every member within a Guild. These quests were also directly related to a Guild’s Popularity. The higher a Guild’s Popularity was, the more well-known it was among NPCs. After reaching a certain level of popularity, even NPCs from other cities and towns would commission a quest.

Currently, Zero Wing had the highest Popularity among all of the Guilds in White River City. Every day, Zero Wing’s Guild Residence received more than 1,000 commissioned quests. Among them, there were over a hundred high-level quests.

Aside from its high Popularity, Zero Wing received so many quests because of its Residence’s Smithy. Every day, the Smithy would provide a certain number of quests. Hence, Zero Wing received far more commissioned quests than other Guilds. Large Guilds like Overwhelming Smile only received several hundred commissioned quests each day, with only several dozen high-level quests.

Zero Wing walked the path of the elite, so it had far fewer members than its competitors. As a result, the percentage of players within the Guild that could accept commissioned quests each day was relatively high. On the other hand, due to having too many members, other Guild’s ordinary members even found it difficult to receive an ordinary commissioned quest, not to mention high-level commissioned quests.

In the second-floor reception hall:

“Sir, how may I be of service to you today?” a beautiful female receptionist asked Shi Feng, smiling.

“I wish to construct a Stable. Please compile the necessary quotes for me,” Shi Feng said, handing over the Stable Design.