Chapter 817 - Suffocatingly Explosive Power

Chapter 817 – Suffocatingly Explosive Power

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“What is he trying to do?”

Sinned Heart and the others were confused as they watched Shi Feng charge towards a Skeleton General.

No Swordsman could solo a Great Lord. Even a Berserker, a class famed for its Strength, would fly through the air if they tried to block a Great Lord’s attack with their weapons.

Peng!

Shi Feng used Killing Ray to block one of the Skeleton General’s descending battle axes.

Sure enough, my Attributes aren’t high enough to deal with this Great Lord.

The resulting impact had forced Shi Feng to retreat by three steps, his hand numbing slightly. Meanwhile, a damage of over -700 points appeared above his head.

However, to Shi Feng, who had close to 50,000 HP after activating Heavenly Dragon’s Power, such a small amount of damage was nothing. His battle recovery regenerated nearly 500 HP ever five seconds.

Violet Cloud waved her staff, and immediately, a faint golden film blanketed Shi Feng’s body. Bluish-green Life Force flowed into the Swordsman. Suddenly, a Recovering status appeared over Shi Feng’s status bar, recovering over 1,600 HP every 1.5 seconds for 15 seconds.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng’s HP was full.

Seeing that its first attack had failed, the Skeleton General swung its other battle axe at Shi Feng violently.

Having predicted the Skeleton General’s attacks, Shi Feng sidestepped abruptly, using the Abyssal Blade to receive the descending battle axe while thrusting Killing Ray towards the Skeleton General’s armor.

A streak of blue light flashed.

Although Killing Ray could not compare to the Fragmented Legendary ranked Thousand Transformations, after equipping a Magic Device, its sharpness was only slightly weaker than the Thousand Transformations’. As a result, it easily pierced the Skeleton General’s robust armor.

A critical damage of -15,824 points appeared above the Skeleton General’s head.

The Great Lord bellowed, angry with the damage it had received. Suddenly, its battle axes released a strange, smoldering green flame as it swung the weapons at the ground.

The ground instantly shattered, flames surging into the sky and covering a radius of 15 yards.

Shi Feng had long since prepared for this moment; he jumped up and past the Skeleton General’s head. He then used one of Killing Ray’s Skills, Summon Lightning.

Arcs of blue lightning descended and struck the Skeleton General’s battle axes.

The collision’s impact was massive. Shi Feng then utilized the force of the impact to avoid the smoldering flames. He then activated Silent Steps and appeared behind the Skeleton General, the Sacred Sword in his hand releasing a dazzling, flaming glow.

Flame Burst!

Fifteen brilliant explosions discharged behind the Skeleton General, one after another.

-48,167.

-117,954.

-49,715.

…

Fifteen damages appeared above the General’s head, one after another. Killing Ray had a 50% critical rate. In the blink of an eye, the Skeleton General lost over 1,000,000 HP.

For a time, Autumn Goose, Sinned Heart, and the others were speechless.

They sucked in a breath of cold air, not believing their eyes.

Shi Feng’s damage was insane.

He had dealt over 1,000,000 HP!

Even a Level 40 Chieftain only had so much HP. Shi Feng had the power to instant-kill a Level 40 Chieftain!

This power was no longer that of a player. This was the power of a humanoid Great Lord.

However, Shi Feng did not think much of his attack. After all, his Strength Attribute was almost on par with a Chieftain of the same Level. After Heavenly Dragon’s Power doubled his Strength, he surpassed ordinary Lords of the same Level. He had also used his Sure-kill Skill, Flame Burst. Being capable of instant-killing a Chieftain of the same Level was expected.

Flame Burst was not called a Sure-kill Skill for no reason.

Shi Feng’s Flame Burst had heavily wounded the Skeleton General. The Swordsman had destroyed nearly half of its armor. Several bones beneath the armor had even cracked.

“Focus on killing my Skeleton General!” Shi Feng shouted to his team.

Not only had the General lost some of its combat power after receiving the several injuries, but its Defense had also dropped significantly. Hence, dealing with this Skeleton General would be much easier than dealing with the other two.

Sure enough, in less than one minute, the Skeleton General’s HP fell below 500,000.

Just before the General died, Shi Feng shouted once more, commanding, “Everyone, switch to the Banshee! Turtledove, tank this Skeleton General!”

“What is Big Brother Ye Feng trying to do?” Blue Bamboo asked, confused.

If they finished off the Skeleton General, it would become much easier to deal with the Agonizing Banshee, yet Shi Feng decided not to kill the Skeleton General. No matter how she looked at it, the decision was unwise.

Blue Bamboo wasn’t the only one who was confused. Experts like Thoughtful Rain and Autumn Goose didn’t understand, either.

However, none of Zero Wing’s members doubted Shi Feng’s command. Immediately, they shifted their focus towards the Agonizing Banshee. Turtledove swapped targets with Shi Feng.

However, the Agonizing Banshee couldn’t care less about the sudden change as it continued to attack Turtledove with Black Fog Spears.

“I am your opponent!” Shi Feng appeared behind Turtledove, the Killing Ray transforming into numerous streaks of blue light.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Players usually suffered heavy injuries if the Black Fog Spears struck them, yet Shi Feng easily shattered each one.

“Is this an expert of Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild?” Sinned Heart was astounded. He felt his chest tighten, struggling to breathe.

Zero Wing was far more frightening than the rumors make the Guild out to be.

It was no wonder why even Emperor’s Light, a first-rate Guild in the Twin Towers Kingdom, feared Zero Wing, choosing to give up in Star-Moon Kingdom entirely.

After Shi Feng shattered the Black Fog Spears, he vanished, abruptly reappearing before the Agonizing Banshee. Arcs of blue electricity circled his body.

Tier 2 Taboo Skill, Instant Strike!

For three seconds, Shi Feng’s Attack Speed increased by 500%, and his damage increased by 400%.

Before the Agonizing Banshee could react, over a dozen streaks of blue light wrapped around her body.

-21,046.

-43,248.

-42,987.

…

In the blink of an eye, the Agonizing Banshee’s aggro shifted to Shi Feng.

However, even though Shi Feng now held the Great Lord’s aggro, the situation had not changed. The Agonizing Banshee was a magical class monster. Even as a Great Lord, her Strength could not compare to Shi Feng’s while he had a Berserk Skill active. As the Banshee began to cast another Spell, Shi Feng struck, interrupting her casting.

For three whole seconds, the Agonizing Banshee could not use a single Spell. Instead, she lost more than a million HP.

Suddenly, Fire Dance appeared behind the Agonizing Banshee, launching a Sneak Attack at the back of the Great Lord’s head and forcing her into a Fainted state for two seconds. She then used the Tier 1 Skill, Five-star Burst.

-16,718.

-34,297.

…

Five numbers appeared above the Agonizing Banshee’s head in quick succession, only slightly lower than the damage of Shi Feng’s normal attacks while in a Berserk state.

Following which, the Agonizing Banshee received a one-sided beating, her HP draining like flowing water. When her HP reached 30%, the Great Lord was thoroughly enraged. As the Agonizing Banshee released a piercing scream, a massive black magic array appeared in the sky.

Everyone immediately felt their strength leave their bodies.

“Crap! This is Spell absorbs players’ Stamina!” Fire Dance immediately noticed the abnormality.

If players ran out of Stamina, even with godlike combat power, they were helpless.

At this rate, they’d run out of Stamina in 30 seconds. After that, they would be sheep for the slaughter.

“Not today!” Shi Feng, who had long since prepared for such a situation, switched to the Aura of Time and activated Absolute Time, freezing the Mana fluctuations in the surrounding area.

Although Absolute Time’s duration on a Great Lord was less than ten seconds, interrupting the Agonizing Banshee’s Mana channeling was enough.

After losing its supply of Mana, the gigantic magic array in the sky gradually dissipated.

Seeing this, the members of Immortal Light finally understood how presumptuous they had been, thinking that they could raid South Lake City’s Great Lords.

Seconds flew by. Finally, both the Agonizing Banshee and Skeleton General’s HPs were below 100,000.

Shi Feng activated Divine Providence, significantly increasing his Luck Attribute. He then used Thundering Flash to finish off the Agonizing Banshee, before following up with a Thunder Flame Explosion on the Skeleton General.

After a momentary struggle, the Agonizing Banshee and the Skeleton General fell to the ground, one after the other, dropping several items around their bodies.