Chapter 819 - City Deed

Chapter 819: City Deed

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 819 – City Deed

“Huh? Why are they heading our way?” Aqua Rose asked when she saw the members of Immortal Light approach their team. Jokingly, she said, “Are they going to try to plunder our loot?”

“If they try to rob us, I won’t mind giving them a final send-off,” Fire Dance laughed as she unsheathed her Thousand Transformations that hung from her waist.

Although the Immortal Light players were relatively strong, she was more than enough to annihilate their team.

Moreover, she looked forward to the day someone tried to rob them.

Previously, she had found plenty of inspiration during her time in the Dark Arena. This was the perfect opportunity to test some of her ideas.

“They shouldn’t be that stupid. They should be able to tell the difference between our strength and theirs.” Shi Feng laughed as he watched his teammates prepare for a fight.

Sinned Heart would be one of the Twelve Sacred Elementalists of God’s Domain in the future. If he lacked the necessary insight to tell the difference in strength between their teams, he would never have been able to make Immortal Light a famous, first-rate Guild in the Twin Towers Kingdom.

…

“Thank you for your help. If not for you guys holding off those two Great Lords, none of us would be alive right now,” Sinned Heart immediately expressed his gratitude upon arriving before Zero Wing’s team, his tone containing a hint of respect.

Sinned Heart’s expert companions also stared at Zero Wing’s members with reverence.

The heavy pressure Fire Dance emitted, in particular, made them breathless.

If these teams fought each other, they would most likely die in an instant.

“It’s nothing.” Shi Feng shrugged.

“If you guys are looking for Great Lords, we can help,” Sinned Heart offered. “On our way here, we encountered quite a number of Great Lords. Only, these Great Lords resided in concentrated areas. It’s highly likely that you’ll attract a second Great Lord while dealing with the first.”

Saying so, Sinned Heart sent Shi Feng the coordinates of those several Great Lords.

“Thanks.” Shi Feng rejoiced when he received the coordinates.

Sinned Heart had given him the coordinates for seven Great Lords. This would save them a lot of time searching for these Bosses.

“Glad to be of help.” Sinned Heart smiled.

“I don’t believe that you came over here just to give me these Great Lord’s locations., What’s on your mind?” Shi Feng asked. He could not help but laugh when he saw Sinned Heart’s hesitation.

In the past, even he had looked up to Sinned Heart. Countless small Guilds had tried to gain Immortal Light’s favor, yet now, watching this man struggle with his desire to ask for help…

Shi Feng could not help but sigh.

Hearing Shi Feng saying so, Sinned Heart released his tension with a sigh of his own and said, “In truth, aside from thanking you for the help, I wanted to ask something of Zero Wing. Although this may be sudden, I don’t have any better options right now.”

“Guild Leader, are you really going to ask?” one of the Guild’s upper echelons asked with surprise. “If they refuse and news of this leaks, we’ll be in big trouble.”

“Do you think we have any other choice?” Sinned Heart grumbled, a deep sense of powerlessness touching his expression.

He did not want to do this, either.

However, he could not think of a better plan. Only after encountering Zero Wing and seeing how powerful the Guild was did he find hope. This might very well be their last opportunity to escape their dire situation.

The other upper echelons fell silent. Although they wanted to argue their Guild Leader’s decision, they could not bring themselves to do so.

However, this had certainly captured Shi Feng’s interest.

He could understand if Sinned Heart simply wanted to form a connection with Zero Wing. However, for a prideful person like Sinned Heart to place all his hopes in a stranger, the situation must be severe.

Moreover, Shi Feng was familiar with Sinned Heart’s personality. He was not someone who would simply bow out of a challenge. Even when Immortal Light had fought a first-rate Guild, Sinned Heart had refused to lower his head. He prioritized bonds and friendship over personal benefits. Otherwise, he would not have risked Immortal Light’s extinction just to help an allied Guild resist a first-rate Guild.

God’s Domain was only a game. Shi Feng could not imagine what could cause someone like Sinned Heart to despair.

“I wish to sell several plots of Land in the Twin Towers Kingdom. I will sell these Lands at 90% market price. I’d like to offer them to Zero Wing in exchange for Coins or top-tier equipment of the same value,” Sinned Heart finally said after a long moment of silence.

“Sell Land?” Shi Feng was curious. Since when had Sinned Heart become a Land broker? “If they’re rubbish Lands, Zero Wing is not interested.”

“Please rest assured; the Lands are in Snow Field City and have a lot of potential,” Sinned Heart said as he took out several Snow Field City Deeds.

“These are close to the Underground Arena, the Adventurer’s Association, the Auction House, and the War God’s Temple! Have you lost your minds?! You’re actually selling these?!” Blackie could not help his shock after seeing the Deeds.

Currently, most of the Lands in major NPC cities with potential had been purchased already. It was extremely difficult to buy these Lands even if one could afford them. With God’s Domain’s blazing popularity, more people would join the game in the future. The value of these Lands would soar.

In less than half a year, these Lands would be worth several times their current value. It was especially true for the Lands in Twin Towers Kingdom’s third-ranking city, Snow Field City.

Yet, Immortal Light wanted to sell away these Lands, at 90% market price no less. This was simply inconceivable.

“They are indeed good plots of Land. However, why are you trying to sell them to Zero Wing?” Shi Feng asked.

The Twin Towers Kingdom and Star-Moon Kingdom shared many aspects. Both were medium-sized kingdoms. Although Snow Field City was no match for White River City in terms of status, it was its Kingdom’s third-ranking city. Many organizations would offer a high price for these Lands.

“This…” Sinned Heart fell silent for a moment. Shortly after, he sighed and said, “It’s not that I don’t want to sell them, but nobody is willing to buy them.”

“Why? The value of these Lands will only increase in the future. Why doesn’t anyone want to purchase them?” Aqua Rose asked, slightly surprised.

Even the Lands in the twentieth-ranking city in the Twin Towers Kingdom would be highly sought after, much less the valuable Lands in the third-ranking city. Aqua Rose had personally ventured to other Kingdoms to purchase several plots of Land for the Candlelight Trading Firm, so she understood how popular these Lands were.

“Because none of them wish to earn the ire of the Super Guild King’s Return,” Sinned Heart said helplessly.

When Zero Wing’s members heard Sinned Heart’s words, they were dumbfounded.

King’s Return was a veteran Super Guild. Even a super-first-rate Guild like the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was nothing in comparison. Moreover, the King’s Return’s headquarters was in the Glory Empire, an empire located only a short distance away from Star-Moon Kingdom and the Twin Towers Kingdom.

Shi Feng was similarly shocked by this revelation.

A small Guild like Immortal Light had actually provoked a Super Guild like King’s Return. No matter how he thought about it, this shouldn’t be possible. Moreover, it would be child’s play for King’s Return to wipe Immortal Light out of existence. Immortal Light was no threat to the Super Guild at all.

Gnashing his teeth, Sinned Heart stated, “I don’t want much for these five plots of Lands. I only ask for 13,000 Gold.”