Chapter 814 - Legendary Guild

Chapter 814 – Legendary Guild

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“These people have relatively good combat standards and equipment, but why haven’t I heard of this Guild before?” Even after wracking her mind, Aqua Rose could not figure out which Guild these players were from.

The Skeleton General displayed frightening power.

Not only did it possess extremely high Strength, but it was also very fast.

Even for Cola, tanking this Great Lord would be a burden.

Although these players did not possess an MT like Cola, who had extremely high Defense and Strength, they made up for the lack of strength with the cooperation of four MTs. The team’s damage dealers also kept the Boss in check. This made it possible to raid the Skeleton General.

Moreover, the team’s damage dealers and healers were very powerful.

Almost all of them dealt over -1,000 damage with each attack, causing the Skeleton General’s HP to decrease slowly but steadily. It was only a matter of time before they defeated the Great Lord.

No ordinary Guild was capable of such a feat. Generally, only the experts of famous large Guilds could raid a Level 43 Great Lord so easily.

However, Aqua Rose knew nearly every famous Guild in the virtual gaming world, but she had never seen this Guild Emblem before.

“Look, that Skeleton General seems to be summoning a companion!” Cola shouted as he watched the surrounding monsters gather towards Skeleton General, who stood in the plaza’s heart with a grim expression.

The others were also shocked.

They had not expected the Boss inside the city to have a such a move. With this, killing the Skeleton General would be far more difficult.

After all, one was already required to go all-out against a Great Lord. More monsters joining the fray might become the last straw that broke the camel’s back.

Everyone finally understood why Shi Feng had them clear out the surrounding monsters while on their way, rather than avoiding confrontation.

“This Boss is too overpowered! It has lured another Great Lord!” Flying Shadow, who hid in the plaza, stated as he watched the blurry figure fly straight towards the Skeleton Warrior.

[Agonizing Banshee] (Undead, Great Lord)

Level 40

HP 17,000,000/17,000,000

Although the Agonizing Banshee had less HP than the Skeleton General, it was a magical class monster. It posed more of a threat than the first undead.

The instant the Agonizing Banshee arrived, she released a piercing screech, forcing over a dozen players into a Confused state; these players lost all control over their bodies as they began behaving like raving lunatics. The sudden development was precarious for the team.

“Let’s head over and take a look,” Shi Feng said, laughing as he watched the Agonizing Banshee massacre the team of players.

It was not unusual that Aqua Rose had not heard of this Guild. After all, the Guild wasn’t famous; it was an upstart Guild. The Guild’s name was Immortal Light.

Immortal Light was based in the Twin Towers Kingdom.

The Twin Towers Kingdom and Star-Moon Kingdom were adjacent to each other. Hence, Shi Feng knew quite a bit about the Twin Towers Kingdom.

Although Immortal Light was only an upstart Guild, it had performed exceedingly well in the competition for dominance over the Twin Towers Kingdom. It had stolen over a dozen cities from the first-rate Guild, Emperor’s Light, going as far as to occupy the third largest city in the Twin Towers Kingdom. In Shi Feng’s previous life, Immortal Light had been one of Shadow’s allies. However, Immortal Light was much stronger than Shadow had been.

In God’s Domain, it was very difficult for a small Guild to survive. Hence, these Guilds needed to work together.

However, Immortal Light was different from Shadow. After ten years of development in God’s Domain, it had become a first-rate Guild and had occupied over half of the Twin Towers Kingdom. It had even dominated various cities in other kingdoms. Back then, it had developed into a Guild that could rival even Ouroboros.

Meanwhile, Immortal Light’s Guild Leader, Sinned Heart, was a very famous expert in God’s Domain. He had been one of God’s Domain’s Twelve Sacred Elementalists in the past. Immortal Light also had several other Tier 5 experts. Even Ouroboros and Emperor’s Light had not dared to provoke the Guild in the past.

One could say that Immortal Light had been a legend in the Twin Towers Kingdom.

In just a few years, a no-name Guild had gone from an organization without any background or backing to a huge existence in the virtual gaming world, which even first-rate Guilds feared and respected. The difficulty of such a feat was unimaginable.

Shi Feng never imagined that he would actually encounter this Guild so soon.

“Do you know them?” Fire Dance asked curiously.

She understood Shi Feng quite well. He would not attack someone unless they attacked him first. In addition, his pride as an expert would not allow him to steal a Boss from a stranger. Even if he wanted the Boss, he would simply wait for the two Great Lords to annihilate the other team. However, since Shi Feng chose to approach the battle, it was likely that he knew the Guild.

“Something like that,” Shi Feng replied vaguely, not knowing how to answer this question.

In the past, he had been acquainted with this group from Immortal Light. In this life, however, they did not know him.

—

Above the wide plaza, two Great Lords and dozens of Skeleton Warriors faced down the 100-man team.

“Split up the Bosses. Rangers, kite the minions,” the team’s leader, Sinned Heart, shouted. He would not let his confidence waver even though his team now had to fight two Great Lords simultaneously. On the contrary, he remained extraordinarily calm as he commanded the battle.

“Guild Leader, that Agonizing Banshee’s AOE Spells are too powerful! We’ve already lost eight people!”

“Thousand Leisures, lead your group and follow me! We’ll suppress the Banshee together! Everyone else, focus on the Skeleton General!”

Even Sinned Heart was helpless against the Banshee’s Shadow Sweep attack. He could only lead a contingent to distract the Great Lord.

Immediately, with Sinned Heart at the lead, ten players activated a Barrier Magic Array around the Agonizing Banshee, trapping the Great Lord behind a purple barrier.

“Narrow the magic array’s area!” Sinned Heart shouted as he watched the Banshee resist.

Quickly, the ten players controlling the magic array shrank the magic array, sealing the Agonizing Banshee inside a small, purple globe and preventing the Great Lord from moving.

“Guild Leader, someone’s heading this way!”

“How are there other people here?!”

At this moment, even Sinned Heart grew anxious.

To surely kill the Skeleton General, they had even used their most precious Barrier Magic Array. They could not afford any more surprises.

—

“This Guild is quite impressive. They have an Intermediate Magic Array as well,” Aqua Rose stated when she saw the hovering, purple ball. She could estimate the barrier’s strength with a single glance.

Currently, in God’s Domain, being able to obtain a Basic Magic Array was quite a feat. One could probably count the number of Intermediate Magic Arrays players had found on one hand.

Yet, now, an unknown Guild employed their own. The Guild clearly had an extraordinary background.

“Friend, if you are interested in these two Great Lords, why don’t we take them on together and split the loot equally?” Sinned Heart shouted.

Although the group that had just arrived only consisted of twenty players, the fact that this small group had made it this far spoke of their extraordinary strength.

Without knowing Shi Feng and his team’s motives, Sinned Heart was unwilling to give up on the Great Lords. Hence, he might as well make them an offer. After all, even if Shi Feng’s team were strong, they could not handle two Great Lords at once.

“Guild Leader, I think they’re from Zero Wing!”

“What?! Zero Wing?! Isn’t that Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild?!”

The players from Immortal Light were instantly on edge, wearing grim expressions.