Chapter 810 - Zero Wing'S Horror

Chapter 810 – Zero Wing’s Horror

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

In a secluded, primitive forest, several figures suddenly appeared.

As these figures appeared, a distant cave crumbled as a pillar of light shot into the sky. The frightening power that radiated from the pillar of light caused the air to stagnate. A long, terrifying roar echoed throughout the forest.

These players finally realized just how truly terrifying a Level 100, Tier 3 NPC was.

Astonishingly, Shi Feng had actually survived against the NPC for so long and escaped relatively unharmed. He was a monster.

Autumn Goose, Death Wind, and Gunfire sighed.

They had been given an opportunity to deepen their relationship with an expert as powerful as Shi Feng. If they had accepted his offer to join Zero Wing, the Swordsman might have even offered to tutor them. However, they had rejected his offer.

“Quickly, use your Return Scrolls!” Shi Feng urged once he accounted for the whole team.

Although the Tier 1 Instantaneous Movement Magic Scroll was a powerful escape tool, their pursuer was a Level 100, Tier 3 NPC. Gerard would not let them get away easily.

Hearing Shi Feng’s reminder, everyone quickly took out their Return Scrolls and began to activate them.

The seconds ticked by. They were all on edge. If Gerard caught up to them, they wouldn’t have another chance to escape.

Fortunately, the Tier 1 Instantaneous Movement Magic Scroll had put quite a bit of distance between themselves and Gerard. Even if the Illusionist managed to escape the cave, he wouldn’t discover their exact location immediately. Sure enough, Gerard had not found them as they finished activating their Return Scrolls.

—

White River City’s Teleportation Hall:

“That was close. I thought we were dead for sure,” Blue Bamboo said as she patted her chest. Even though she had returned to the city, some fear still lingered in her heart.

A Level 100, Tier 3 NPC was practically invincible to current players.

This had also been the first time she had ever seen a monster shatter a player’s attack. One could imagine just how vast the gap was between either side’s Attributes.

Fortunately, they had completed their quest.

As soon as Blue Bamboo finished speaking, a sound of a system notification reached their ears.

System: You have been targeted by Gerard. If you cannot incubate and hatch the giant egg in three days, Gerard will discover your presence in any field map you venture to. If Gerard kills you, you will suffer a doubled death penalty and three days of a Weakened state.

“Why is there another quest?” Thoughtful Rain frowned as she looked at the system notification.

Her initial quest had been to retrieve the giant egg. Now, after so much trouble to accomplish that, she received another one. Moreover, the penalty for failure was considerably severe.

If she failed this quest, a Level 100, Tier 3 NPC would hunt them down. Unfortunately, players at this stage of the game had no hope of killing this NPC. In other words, they would no longer be able to explore or level up if she failed.

Autumn Goose and the others wore similarly horrified expressions. Although they had helped Thoughtful Rain, they had never expected to be held accountable for the quest as well.

This was the first time they had encountered such a quest.

They had experienced Gerard’s power personally. If they encountered Gerard in the fields, they would only find death.

“Does the egg’s description include any incubation methods?” Shi Feng asked Autumn Goose. He had long since grown accustomed to such sudden developments.

“Let me see…” Autumn Goose hurriedly called up the giant egg’s information. “It says that we’ll need a large amount of Life Force to incubate this egg, which can only be obtained by killing Great Lords that are Level 40 or above.”

“How many do we need to kill?” Shi Feng asked.

“Twenty!” Autumn Goose said helplessly.

“Twenty?! This is a joke, right? We’re talking about Great Lords!” Blue Bamboo could not help but despair.

Death Wind and Gunfire frowned as well.

A Level 40 Great Lord was no laughing matter. Generally, each of these monsters required a raid team of 100 Level 40 players geared with top-tier equipment. Even then, any mistake could get them all killed.

Even if they gathered such a team, raiding a single Great Lord would most likely require an entire day. The sacrifices they’d have to make were also staggering.

No matter how one thought about it, it was impossible to raid twenty Level 40 Great Lords in three short days.

First of all, Level 40 Great Lords were not that easy to find. Normally, these monsters only lurked in 100-man Team Dungeons. Even finding 20 Great Lords in the fields would take more than three days.

How difficult was raiding a Level 40, 100-man Team Dungeon? Even now, the various large Guilds were still attempting to challenge the Hard Mode version of these Dungeons, not to mention Hell Mode.

Even if they mobilized all of Wind God’s Spear, they could not complete this quest.

While everyone struggled with their frustration and despair…

“It isn’t exactly impossible to complete this quest,” Shi Feng said after giving it some thought. “However, I’ll need to prepare first. You guys should wait here for a while.”

Of course, it was impossible to kill a Level 40 Great Lord with the power of a 6-man party. However, a 20-man team might have a chance.

“What? He even has a plan for this?” Gunfire watched Shi Feng’s departing back with doubtful eyes.

Even Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo, who were in the same Guild as Shi Feng, were shocked.

They had been talking about Level 40 Great Lords, yet Shi Feng spoke of them as if they were only Common monsters.

After waiting for some time, they heard excitement spread throughout the Teleportation Hall.

“Wah! Isn’t that Fire Dance from Zero Wing?!”

“Look! That’s Zero Wing’s Vice-Leader, Aqua Rose!”

…

The players inside the Teleportation Hall were stupefied when Fire Dance and the dozen or so Zero Wing core members entered the building.

To ordinary players, these experts were basically legends. They lived in a completely different world. After the war in the Stoneclaw Mountains, players finally understood the power of a true expert.

Zero Wing’s core members had long since become idols in White River City. How could these players contain their excitement as they finally saw these stars?

“What?!” Blue Bamboo was dumbfounded when she saw Fire Dance and the others approach their party.

These players were Zero Wing’s upper echelons. Every one of them was a top-tier expert in Star-Moon Kingdom, yet after a single call, they had hurried over.

Even Violet Cloud, whom she admired greatly, was here.

She could not believe this was happening.

“Just who is Ye Feng?” Autumn Goose could not help but turn to look at Shi Feng.

Death Wind and Gunfire were similarly shocked.

They had still felt disdain and disinterest towards Guild experts. However, after seeing these experts from Zero Wing, they suddenly realized how little they knew. They could feel an intense pressure from each of these experts.

Fire Dance, in particular, felt as if they stood before a humanoid Lord ranked monster. With a single glance from the Assassin, they trembled with fear. Their instincts screamed for them to run as far as they could from the Assassin.

When these experts stood together, the combined pressure was overwhelming.

The air in the Teleportation Hall was stifling. Even moving was a struggle.

Moreover, they were not in combat. If they attempted to fight these Zero Wing experts…

They were certain that they would never escape these people’s grasp.

“Alright, now that everyone has arrived, let’s begin the quest,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.