Chapter 815 - Zero Wing Takes Action

Chapter 815 – Zero Wing Takes Action

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Why are they here?” Sinned Heart was shocked when he saw Shi Feng and his team.

Even in the Twin Towers Kingdom, Zero Wing was resoundingly famous.

Starting out as a small Guild, Zero Wing had faced down the various large Guilds in White River City, becoming White River City’s overlord. Later on, it successfully repelled the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, a super-first-rate Guild.

However, this was not Zero Wing’s greatest achievement.

Afterward, Zero Wing had occupied Stone Forest Town and won a war against the joint forces of the Star Alliance, a first-rate Guild and their various allies, instantly becoming the most sought-after Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom.

In addition, Zero Wing was a Guild of experts. Its Guild Leader, Black Flame, even ranked 51st on the God’s Domain Experts List and had been given the title of “Sword King.”

A recently-established Guild like Immortal Light could not possibly compete with a Guild like Zero Wing.

“Those people are Zero Wing’s upper echelons.”

“Look! That’s Aqua Rose! Fire Dance is here as well! Look over there! Isn’t that Violet Cloud, Cola, Turtledove, Minor Wind, Shadow Sword, Blackie, and Ye Wumian?!”

“Why are so many of Zero Wing’s experts here?”

…

Immortal Light’s members panicked for a moment.

Aqua Rose and the others were all publicly-acknowledged, top-tier experts. One of them could exterminate a 100-man elite team by themselves.

“Hahaha! I never thought our Guild would be so famous! Even a Guild from another kingdom knows us!” Blue Bamboo could not help her pride as when she saw the Immortal Light’s collective anxiety. “I wonder when my name will be as famous as Big Sis Fire’s and the others’?”

Fire Dance and her fellow echelons couldn’t help but laugh when they heard Blue Bamboo’s excitement.

In reality, even they had never imagined that they would, one day, become famous experts in God’s Domain.

Before they had met Shi Feng, they had never dreamed of such a thing. Now, however, they were targets for players’ admiration.

Is Zero Wing really such an amazing Guild? When Autumn Goose overheard the Immortal Light’s members, she was shocked.

She and her companions were independent players from the faraway Dark Night Empire. Hence, they had only heard rumors of Zero Wing’s strength through the forums. They had never witnessed the Guild in action. In their opinion, however, even the large Guilds in the Dark Night Empire were subpar at best. Hence, how strong could a Guild from a kingdom possibly be?

However, after witnessing these players’ performance, they had a clearer understanding of the Guild’s strength. They felt that Zero Wing was different from those large guilds in the Dark Night Empire.

Yet, it would seem that Zero Wing was far more powerful than Blue Bamboo and the official forums made it out to be.

…

“Guild Leader Sinned, rest assured; we aren’t here to steal your Bosses. However, we won’t help you with these Bosses, either. If you can’t handle them, give up. We’ll take over from here,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head as he responded to Sinned Heart’s proposal.

Level 40-plus Great Lords were not easy to find, even in the Abyss Battlefield.

Moreover, a Great Lord dropped far better loot than a Lord. Monsters of such rank generally dropped top-tier equipment.

Even in Zero Wing, Level 40 top-tier equipment was still quite rare. Hence, he could not afford to split the drops.

Hearing Shi Feng’s answer, a huge weight lifted from Sinned Heart’s heart.

Zero Wing was the number one Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom. The Guild’s upper echelons would not break their word easily.

“Thank you,” Sinned Heart said with heartfelt gratitude.

Following which, Sinned Heart commanded his team to focus on the Skeleton General, which only had 60% of its HP remaining. The Agonizing Banshee was still trapped inside the Intermediate Magic Array, so it was possible to kill the Skeleton General.

…

Time passed quickly. Finally, Immortal Light’s members reduced the Skeleton General’s HP to 30%.

“Be careful! The Skeleton General is about to go berserk!” Sinned Heart hurriedly reminded his team.

Immortal Light’s MTs began to prepare, activating their Lifesaving Skills. The healers at the rear also readied themselves.

“Humans, I will devour you!” the Skeleton General shouted, its eyes releasing a bloody radiance.

Suddenly, the Skeleton General split into three copies of itself. All three were identical, even down to their HP bars.

“Amazing, this Skeleton General actually knows a duplication Skill!” Aqua Rose exclaimed.

Among the many Bosses they had encountered, very few could duplicate themselves. Any Bosses capable of such a feat were extremely difficult to fight.

Suddenly dealing with two additional Bosses could destroy a team’s formation and rhythm. If not handled properly, it would not take long for the team to suffer annihilation.

“They’re in trouble,” Fire Dance stated as she glanced at the three Skeleton Generals. Each General radiated the same pressure. This meant that all three Skeleton Generals had the same combat power.

It had taken almost everything the Immortal Light members had to deal with the one Skeleton General. Now, they had to take down three such monsters simultaneously…

While Zero Wing’s members discussed the situation among themselves…

Several Immortal Light MTs were thrown into the air.

Until now, the team had relied on the combined strength of three or four MTs to defend against the Skeleton General’s attacks. Now that they had to fight three Great Lords at the same time, their MTs had to split up. As a result, they didn’t have enough strength to tank the Bosses.

In ten short seconds, Immortal Light lost another eight members.

“Guild Leader, at this rate, we’ll most likely wipe!”

“How did things come to this?!”

Sinned Heart balled his fists, frustration filling his heart.

They had already lacked enough members to deal with the Skeleton General. Furthermore, to deal with the Agonizing Banshee, they had been forced to split their team and pull ten members away from the main fight. Now that the General had split into three, they didn’t have nearly enough strength to face the Boss. A single attack from one of the Great Lords could obliterate over 7,000 HP from one of their MTs. If the MTs did not block the attack with their shields, they might die instantly…

“Retreat!” Sinned Heart commanded, gnashing his teeth.

If they wasted any more time, none of them would leave this place alive. If they retreated now, at the very least, half of their numbers might survive.

“They can’t hold on anymore,” Blackie chuckled.

“Let’s go, then,” Shi Feng said.

Hearing Shi Feng’s command, Zero Wing’s members exploded into action. Cola and Ye Wumian charged at the fully regenerated Skeleton General, whereas Turtledove made her way towards the Agonizing Banshee.

“We’re going in now?” Autumn Goose and the others were momentarily stunned, thinking that they had heard wrong.

Although Immortal Light’s members had already left, there were still two Great Lords in the plaza. What could they possibly do with a team of 20 players?

“What are they trying to do?”

The members of Immortal Light, who had escaped, were even more flabbergasted.

Zero Wing’s team had far too few members. Furthermore, to deal with the two Great Lords, their team of twenty had to split itself. This was insane!

Just as Autumn Goose, Thoughtful Rain, and the others struggled against their daze, the battle against the two Great Lords had begun.

Cola sent a Shield of Vengeance at the Skeleton General, taking more than 2,000 of the Great Lord’s HP. He then followed up with a Hammer of Sanctions, eliminating another 3,000-plus HP and focusing the Great Lord’s aggro on himself.

Facing the Skeleton General’s Quick Blow, Cola raised his shield and received the attack. He was immediately forced to retreat by six steps, both his hands numbing slightly. A damage of over -3,000 points appeared above his head. However, to Cola, who had over 18,000 HP, this damage was acceptable.

“That’s a lot of Strength. I can use this opportunity to test a move that I recently learned.” Cola smiled. Seeing another of the Skeleton General’s battle axes swiftly approach, he lifted his shield, blocking and pushing against the attack. As the attack sent Cola backward, he only lost around 1,700 HP, far less than the previous attack. Very quickly, Violet Cloud recovered his HP to full.

“Let’s also begin,” Aqua Rose said as she smiled at the Agonizing Banshee. She then used Bluefire Summon.

Immediately, three Bluefire Crows appeared on the battlefield and assisted Turtledove against the Agonizing Banshee.