Chapter 827 - Sword King Black Flame

Chapter 827 – Sword King Black Flame

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

As Shi Feng entered the elegant reception room, he did not bother with disguising his current Level.

The robust man’s gaze fixed on Shi Feng, confusion filling his eyes.

A Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom actually had someone higher-leveled than the number one player on the Glory Empire’s Ranking List. No matter how he thought about it, this was inconceivable.

Their levels were already quite high, so they required a tremendous amount of EXP to level up. It was especially true for leveling from Level 39 to 40.

All those who held their rank on the Ranking List practically grinded without rest. Moreover, ordinary experts could not compare to their efficiency. Usually, these rankers had groups to lure and damage monsters for them. When the monsters dropped to their final strand of HP, these rankers would strike the final blow, taking the majority of the monster’s EXP. Either that or these rankers formed teams who possessed AOE Attack Spells and had others lure hordes of monsters to these AOE teams. They would then rotate through each team, sharing the EXP as they killed the monsters.

The basis of these systems was sacrificing other players’ EXP. Only large Guilds had the power to employ these methods.

With such a grinding efficiency, the EXP these rankers obtained was many times more than what ordinary expert teams could earn while grinding. Only with this technique could they exceed other players by so many levels.

Even so, Shi Feng had still surpassed them by such a large margin…

“I am Black Flame. What business do you have with me?” When Shi Feng examined the two representatives, he realized that he had met one of them before.

The robust man was none other than the Berserker, Thunder Tiger, whom he had met when he sold equipment in Blackwing City.

Aside from the unruly-looking Thunder Tiger, Shi Feng also recognized the indifferent youth beside the Berserker. The youth’s name was Ordinary Stranger. In the past, he had been one of King’s Return’s top ten Summoner experts.

These two people were extremely powerful. Both could rank with Star-Moon Kingdom’s top ten experts. Even the top-tier experts in first-rate Guilds could not hope to compete with either of these two. Their Levels alone made this evident.

Among the two, one was a Level 38 Berserker, while the other was a Level 38 Summoner. Most likely, they leveled far faster than even the number one player on Star-Moon Kingdom’s Ranking List. Their equipment was even more impressive. Both were fully geared with Level 35 top-tier Dark-Gold Equipment. The staff in Ordinary Stranger’s hand especially…

One could not judge the staff’s quality based on its appearance alone. However, Shi Feng knew that the staff in Ordinary Stranger’s hand was a Magic Weapon.

In God’s Domain, although there were far fewer Magic Weapons than Epic Weapons, they were significantly less difficult to obtain. One did not need to kill some kind of super-powerful Boss to obtain a Magic Weapon. Players also did not need to complete an Epic Quest. Instead, a Magic Weapon’s procurement depended on luck. Players might unexpectedly obtain a Magic Weapon by completing a Hidden Quest. They might even find a Magic Weapon when they opened a high-ranking Treasure Chest.

Although Magic Weapons had helped many players become experts, they had ruined far more.

Ordinary Stranger was one of those people who had managed to control a Magic Weapon in the past. Hence, he had become one of King’s Return’s top ranking experts. Otherwise, he would never have become one of the Super Guild’s top ten Summoners.

“Hello, Guild Leader Black Flame! I am Ordinary Stranger of King’s Return; my companion here is Thunder Tiger,” Ordinary Stranger stated, a smile suddenly lighting his indifferent face. Although his smile contained no ill will, it looked horrifyingly forced. “In truth, we have come to speak with you about a small matter. We hope that you can help us with this.”

Although he looked down on Zero Wing, he would show respect to a true expert.

This was the 51st ranking expert on the God’s Domain Experts List, the Sword King, Black Flame.

Ordinary experts might not realize what such a rank implied, but as an expert from a Super Guild, Ordinary Stranger understood what it meant.

The fact that Shi Feng had earned the 51st rank told him that the man had already reached the Void Realm. He was many times stronger than either of them. If a fight broke out, even if they worked together, they would not be a match for Shi Feng.

After meeting Shi Feng personally, Ordinary Stranger felt that the man had grown a lot stronger. He was particularly convinced when he saw the exquisite mold and intricate runes of the weapons hanging from Shi Feng’s waist. Although their special effects were hidden, he was certain that Dark-Gold weapons could not compare to those two blades.

Based on the rumors floating around, these two weapons could very well be Epic Weapons.

Epic Weapons!

Even experts like themselves only obtained weapons like those in their dreams. Currently, only the Guild’s monster-level characters possessed Epic items. As to whether or not those items were weapons, that was one of the Guild’s absolute secrets. Even they had no clue.

Even a Super Guild like King’s Return had gone to great lengths to obtain these Epic items. Hence, it was truly hard to imagine that the Guild Leader of an upstart Guild actually wielded two Epic Weapons.

“You’re looking for my help? Interesting. King’s Return is a Super Guild. Is there truly anything your Guild can’t do in God’s Domain?” Shi Feng said, laughing.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, you jest,” Ordinary Stranger said hurriedly. “We really need your help with this situation.”

“Alright, tell me; what business do you have with me.” Shi Feng waved his hand dismissively.

“Recently, we’ve heard that Zero Wing plans to buy some of Snow Field City’s Lands. We would like to dissuade you. In return, King’s Return will provide Zero Wing with a plot of Light City’s Land, allowing the Candlelight Trading Firm to develop there,” Ordinary Stranger explained.

Although Snow Field City was the third largest city in the Twin Towers Kingdom, its player population could not compete with Light City’s. The difference between the two cities was simply too massive. Even an extremely ordinary plot of Land in Light City was far more valuable than Snow Field City’s golden Lands.

“Can you tell me which plot of Land you are offering?” Shi Feng was slightly surprised. He had never expected King’s Return to be so generous.

Only the extremely wealthy could afford Land in imperial capitals. Moreover, even if one managed to purchase one or two plots, without the endorsement from the city’s ruling Guild, one’s business would fail. The ruling Guild would cause all sorts of trouble to chase away their customers, going so far as to kill the players who dared to spend Gold at their Shops.

This was especially true for imperial capitals in which Super Guilds had set up their headquarters. In a few years, the players within these imperial capitals would either become members of the Guild, guests who had business with these Super Guilds, or players who supported these Super Guilds. It would be practically impossible these Guilds’ foundations in their home cities.

Hence, even if one could afford the Land in an imperial capital, most Guilds usually avoided them. After all, these Lands would only become expensive paperweights.

Of course, it was a different story if one obtained the permission of the ruling Guild.

This was why Shi Feng wanted to cooperate with Phoenix Rain.

Since King’s Return would willingly allow the Candlelight Trading Firm to develop at Light City, once the trading firm set up a Shop, that Shop would most likely earn more money than five or six kingdom cities combined. After all, the player population in Light City was that massive.

“Here it is.”

Ordinary Stranger took out a drawing. This was none other than the map of Light City. A red dot had been marked on the map’s top corner, representing the Land for resale.

“The Slums?”