Chapter 826 - Background Of The Number One Guild

Chapter 826 – Background of the Number One Guild

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Growth-type Equipment?”

Everyone looked at the image that was releasing a faint white glow. There were many divine runes carved on the pair of gloves. There was also a small, dark-blue magic array etched on the back of the gloves, with a light blue bead embedded in the middle of the magic array.

[Frost Gloves] (Gloves, Cloth Armor, Bronze Rank)

Level 40 – Level 90

Defense +348 (Level 40)

Intelligence +26

Vitality +22

Endurance +21

Additional Passive Skill-

Forced Chant: While casting, there is a 5% chance to cast Tier 1 or below Spells instantly.

Additional Active Skill-

Frost Breath: Deals 500% magic damage in a cone to enemies within 30 yards and freezes all targets hit for 5 seconds, and then reduces their Movement Speed and Attack Speed by 40% for 15 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 hour

Gloves that had once been worn by the Frost King with Frost Beads embedded on the gloves, which were sealed by the Frost King, and are unable to display their full power. To lift the Frost King’s five-layered seal, a large amount of EXP is needed to be absorbed. (Removing the first seal requires 300,000,000 EXP)

“The upgrade requirement of this equipment sure is rough. Just the first seal requires 300,000,000 EXP.” Blackie raised his brows. This much EXP was enough to allow current ordinary players to level up once. Moreover, this was only the first seal. There would still be four more seals after this one. Needless to say, the following seals would surely have higher requirements.

“But the Skills of this piece of equipment are amazing. It is capable of instant-casting Tier 1 Spells. Only, the chances are a little too low. The AOE Control Skill, on the other hand, is quite good. With these two Skills together, this pair of gloves would not lose out to any Dark-Gold Equipment,” Aqua Rose commented.

When Shi Feng heard everyone’s unbiased evaluations, he could not help but shake his head and laugh, saying, “Do you guys think that removing the seals will only improve the equipment’s Basic Attributes? This is Growth-type Equipment. It can be upgraded into Epic rank if you remove all of the seals. Whether it is the Basic Attributes of the gloves or its Skills, both will gradually improve along with the undoing of the seals. Dark-Gold Equipment definitely cannot compare to something like this.”

“This is Epic Equipment?” Everyone was surprised.

Zero Wing’s core members had a profound understanding of just how powerful Epic items were.

Compared to Epic Equipment, Dark-Gold Equipment was practically garbage. The two were on entirely different levels. Even just equipping a single Epic Weapon or Equipment could instantly increase a player’s combat power by a large margin, unlike Dark-Gold Equipment, where multiple pieces were required to display their advantages.

“So this is Epic Equipment?” Autumn Goose and the others were momentarily at a loss for words when they looked at the Frost Gloves.

While they were still at the stage of being joyful over getting a piece of Dark-Gold Equipment after defeating a Great Lord, Zero Wing had already set its sights on Epic Equipment. Over time, the gap between them and Thoughtful Rain would unquestionably grow increasingly larger.

Following which, Shi Feng held an internal auction between the members of Zero Wing. This scene caused Autumn Goose, Death Wind, and Gunfire to grow exceedingly envious.

They never imagined that, even for such powerful equipment, Zero Wing was willing to distribute them through an internal auction. In other Guilds, such equipment was usually distributed based on the team leader’s designation.

In the end, the Frost Bone Shield was won by Ye Wumian, while Thoughtful Rain obtained the Frost Ring. This outcome greatly surprised Thoughtful Rain. Of course, part of the reason for such a result was because the other magical class members of the team had all set their sights on the Frost Gloves.

Unfortunately, the gloves were still won by Aqua Rose in the end.

After completing the equipment distribution, everyone teleported out of the Abyss Battlefield together.

…

As soon as the team appeared at the teleportation array inside the War God’s Temple, a wide array of noises immediately entered their ears. Players recruiting for team members filled the War God’s Temple.

After just being away for a few days, the War God’s Temple had undergone tremendous changes.

Currently, players crowded the main hall of the War God’s Temple. The Levels of the players here, as well, had undergone significant changes.

Originally, Level 30 players were considered mainstream. Now, however, the majority of the players present in the main hall were around Level 32. Among them, there was no lack of Level 34 or 35 independent players. Also, these players were all relatively well-equipped.

However, shortly after Shi Feng and the others appeared, the entire main hall went silent. Practically everyone within the building had shifted their gazes towards Shi Feng’s group.

“Aren’t they Zero Wing’s upper echelons?”

“Damn! They’re the real deal!”

“As expected of the top-tier experts of Star-Moon Kingdom. Even though I am standing so far away from them, I still can’t help but shiver at the pressure they give off.”

“Who are those three independent players beside them?! All three of them are Level 39!”

“What?! Level 39?! The number one player on Star-Moon Kingdom’s Ranking List just reached Level 38 not long ago. Did they hide their levels on the Ranking List?”

“Just how did they manage to level up so quickly?”

“It would be great if I can mooch off of them!”

“Pros, carry me please!”

No one could believe their eyes when their gazes landed on Autumn Goose and the others. Shi Feng and the other members of Zero Wing were wearing Black Cloaks so no one could identify their Levels. Autumn Goose and the others, however, were not wearing Black Cloaks, so everyone could see their current Levels clearly.

At this situation, Autumn Goose and the others could not help but feel slightly embarrassed.

If not for Shi Feng bringing them along to kill so many Great Lords, it would be impossible for them to reach Level 39 so quickly. At most, they would have reached Level 37 by now. After they returned to the Dark Night Empire, the other members of the Wind God’s Spear would also be shocked upon seeing their Levels.

“Ye Feng, are you not coming with us to turn in the quest?” Thoughtful Rain asked as she looked at Shi Feng.

“I still have some matters to attend to, so I won’t be going together with you,” Shi Feng said as he shook his head. He had just received a message from Melancholic Smile saying that representatives from King’s Return wanted to meet him to discuss an important matter.

After considering the situation for a long moment, the only conclusion Shi Feng could come up with for this sudden visit was due to the matter relating to Sinned Heart. After all, Zero Wing did not possess any actual connections with King’s Return.

However, he also felt that the possibility of such a thing happening was low.

A Super Guild like King’s Return could easily annihilate an upstart Guild like Immortal Light. Just like Nine Dragons Emperor of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, King’s Return could simply take direct action against Immortal Light. There was no need for them to go through so much trouble to deal with a single upstart Guild.

However, since people from King’s Return had come personally to visit him, no matter what was said and done, it was necessary for him to pay back their sincerity.

As for the Silver Legend quest, even if he turned in the quest together with Thoughtful Rain and the others, the most he would get in return was a little EXP. That meager amount of EXP was practically negligible to him. Now that the final arc of the Silver Legend quest was complete there was no need for him to tag along with the group anymore.

Hearing Shi Feng saying so, a hint of disappointment appeared on Thoughtful Rain’s face.

—

Zero Wing’s Guild Residence:

Inside the large Guild Hall, Zero Wing’s members could be seen moving about busily.

All this was due to the appearance of the Guild Stable.

To purchase their own Guild Mount once they reached Level 40, everyone began frantically taking on quests one after another, earning as much money as possible. This situation caused the entire Guild to buzz with activity.

However, inside the busy hall, two people were currently seated inside the reception room of the second floor, leisurely observing the situation inside the Guild.

“They’ve managed to run the Guild quite well. It’s no wonder why Zero Wing is known as Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild. Unfortunately, the Guild’s background is poor, and it doesn’t have any expert-nurturing capabilities,” a robust man in silver heavy armor spoke disdainfully as he watched the situation downstairs. This man was a Level 38 Berserker.

Although there were many elite players in Zero Wing, at the end of the day, they were only slightly better than the players of Star-Moon Kingdom. They were no match for empire players at all. It was especially true when comparing the Levels of expert players.

Currently, the highest-leveled player in Star-Moon Kingdom had only recently reached Level 38. On the other hand, many of the players on Empire Ranking Lists had already reached Level 39.

At this moment, the doors to the reception room abruptly opened. Shi Feng, who was currently using his appearance of Black Flame, then walked into the room.

Level 40?! How could this be?!