Chapter 825 - Loot Of A Grand Lord

Chapter 825 – Loot of a Grand Lord

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“It’s finally dead!”

They could not help but breathe out a sigh of relief when they saw the Frost Bone Dragon falling to the ground, the Grand Lord’s HP thoroughly depleted.

As the Frost Bone Dragon fell to the ground, everyone’s experience bars had also abruptly increased by a large margin.

“So much EXP!”

A golden glow covered Autumn Goose, Death Wind, Gunfire, Thoughtful Rain, and Blue Bamboo as all five of them leveled up from Level 38 to Level 39, expressions of shock appearing on their faces.

Even the combined EXP they gained from killing the twenty Great Lords from before could not compete against the EXP provided by a single Frost Bone Dragon.

While everyone was celebrating over their success in killing the Frost Bone Dragon, a system announcement suddenly surprised everyone.

System Announcement: Congratulations! You have killed the Guardian Boss Frost Bone Dragon! War God’s Temple Reputation +20 points. Rewarding five Basic Medals of Honor.

“Wah! We’ve hit the jackpot this time! We got five Basic Medals of Honor!”

Autumn Goose and the others were similarly stunned by this situation. They never imagined that there would be such great rewards for killing the Frost Bone Dragon.

They had heard that many large Guilds had organized massive expeditions to conquer towns. Meanwhile, aside from earning a large amount of Honor Points, another important reason these Guilds were organizing such expeditions was to increase their Reputation with the War God’s Temple, as well as obtain Basic Medals of Honor.

The higher one’s War God’s Temple Reputation was, the more discounts one could obtain when exchanging for items using Honor Points. At the same time, after one’s Reputation with the Temple reached a certain level, they could also exchange for higher ranking items.

The high-ranking items available for exchange would tempt even top-tier expert players, much less ordinary expert players.

For example: Battlefield Mounts, rare Skills, high-ranking rare potions, and many other items could not be found on the market.

Although a Battlefield Mount was only useful in the Abyss Battlefield, the quality of the Mount itself was very high. Players could exchange for a Bronze Mount right from the onset. As one’s War God’s Temple Reputation increased, one could even exchange for a Dark-Gold Mount. These Mounts could increase a player’s combat power in the Abyss Battlefield significantly. Not to mention, there were also all sorts of rare Skills.

However, aside from needing a large amount of Honor Points, these high-ranking items also required one other thing for which to exchange.

And that item was the Basic Medal of Honor!

Exchanging for a single Bronze Battlefield Mount required 20 Basic Medals of Honor and 30,000 Honor Points.

Without Basic Medals of Honor, even with all the Honor Points in the world, one would not be able to exchange for items that were truly useful to players.

However, it was extremely difficult to obtain a Basic Medal of Honor. From the knowledge they gained through the research done over the past few days, for players who participated in capturing a town there was only a single Basic Medal of Honor awarded. Now each of them had obtained five medals. That was equivalent to capturing five towns.

If one wanted to exchange for a Bronze Mount, they’d need to capture a total of 20 towns.

Capturing a town was easier said than done.

Unlike the outside world, once players died in the Abyss Battlefield, they had to wait until the next day to enter the battlefield again. Hence, one’s life was essential in the Abyss Battlefield. To avoid death players would usually act carefully and spend a long time raiding a single town.

However, there were currently no Bronze Mounts being sold on the market at all. Only a single Common Mount was for sale, which cost 40 Gold. Even if someone were selling a Bronze Mount, it would cost several hundred Gold, at the very least. How could ordinary players possibly afford to purchase one?

Consequently, if one wanted to experience riding a Bronze Mount, this was the fastest method to do so.

In the Abyss Battlefield, Battlefield Mounts were slightly more powerful than normal Mounts. Not only were they faster, but their combat power was also higher by a single rank. Just a Fine-Gold Battlefield Mount could already rival a Chieftain of the same Level, while Dark-Gold Battlefield Mounts could rival a Lord of the same Level. With such a Mount, players could obtain Honor Points in the Abyss Battlefield more easily in the future.

While everyone was feeling ecstatic over their unexpected harvest, Shi Feng had appraised all the items dropped by the Frost Bone Dragon.

Although the Frost Bone Dragon had only dropped five items, every piece was either a top-tier weapon or equipment.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, looking at how happy you are, just what kind of items did the Boss drop? Hurry up and share them with us! Don’t just keep them to yourself!” Blue Bamboo became exceedingly curious when she saw the smile on Shi Feng’s face.

This was the first time she had raided a Grand Lord. Moreover, there was also a rumor going around in the outside world saying that Grand Lords had a chance of dropping Epic items.

“Nothing much. I’m just happy because we managed to complete the Abyss Set. Aside from that, the Boss has also dropped a Level 40 Dark-Gold ranked shield, a Level 40 Dark-Gold ranked ring, and a pair of Growth-type gloves,” Shi Feng said, laughing. He then shared the details of the shield and ring through the team chat.

[Frost Bone Shield] (Shield, Dark-Gold Rank)

Level 40 – Level 45

Equipment Requirement: Strength 500

Defense +2,720 (Level 40)

Block Rate: 37%

Strength +43, Endurance +51

Ice Resistance +10

Evasion +10

Weakens damage received from the front by 20%.

Every time shield is struck, 10% of damage will be converted into user’s Defense. Up to a maximum of 2,000 Defense can be converted.

Maximum HP increased by 10%.

Additional Skill-

Frost Body: Becomes immune to all damage coming from the front for 4 seconds.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

“The Defense on this shield is especially high. Just the Defense on this shield alone is already a match for my total Defense.” Aqua Rose was dumbstruck after seeing the Attributes of the Frost Bone Shield.

The Divine Bluefire Shield Cola was currently using only had 1,950 Defense. However, the total Defense the Frost Bone Shield could provide was 4,720 points. Not to mention, the shield itself also had a Passive Damage Reduction Skill and an Active Skill that provided pseudo-invulnerability.

With this shield, they would be able to take on even the super-powerful Skills of Bosses in the future. Particularly, when the healers could not keep up with the damage the MT wielding the Frost Bone Shield was taking, said MT could use Frost Body to alleviate the burden on the healers.

[Ice Spirit Ring] (Ring, Dark-Gold Rank)

Level 40 – Level 45

Equipment Requirement: Intelligence 400

Strength +15, Agility +18, Endurance +24, Intelligence +55, Vitality +37

Casting range +2

Casting Speed increased by 10%.

Magic damage increased by 10%.

Attacks have a certain probability to trigger Freeze effect, freezing target for 3 seconds.

Additional Skill-

Rapid Cooldown: Resets Cooldown of all Skills learned by user. At the same time, removes all Control effects and increases casting speed and Movement Speed by 30% for 10 seconds.

Cooldown: 10 minutes

After everyone saw the statistics of the Ice Spirit Ring, their eyes nearly fell out of their sockets.

“With this ring, a magical class’s damage output would increase by at least 20%!” Blue Bamboo said as she greatly admired the Ice Spirit Ring. This was the first time she had seen a ring with such amazing Attributes.

Ornaments were very rare in God’s Domain. Their value was much higher than even weapons.

Despite being fully geared in top-tier equipment, the ring she currently wore was only a Level 20 Mysterious-Iron Ring. However, she was very well-off already. Many players were still wearing Level 10 Bronze ranked rings.

However, compared to the Ice Spirit Ring, her Level 20 ring was practically trash.

“Don’t get too excited. Whether it is the shield or the ring, the value of these two items most likely cannot be compared to this pair of gloves.” Shi Feng then shared the stats for the gloves with everyone.