Chapter 824 - Super-Large-Scale Destruction Spell

Chapter 824 – Super-Large-Scale Destruction Spell

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Seal!” Shi Feng shouted low.

Suddenly, a massive, black magic array appeared beneath the Frost Bone Dragon’s feet. Even with its gigantic body, the magic array enveloped the Grand Lord, and an endless stream of black fog penetrated the Bone Dragon’s body, slowly corroding it.

“Rawrr!”

The Frost Bone Dragon struggled, trying to break free from the array’s bindings, but no matter how hard it fought, it could not expel the black fog from its body.

Everyone on the team immediately used their most powerful Skills against the Frost Bone Dragon.

Lifting his spear, Gunfire leaped into the air and used Beheaded.

Peng!

Although the Frost Bone Dragon had received the attack without any resistance, when Gunfire’s attack struck the Grand Lord’s white bone, it felt as if he had just hit a solid wall. Not only did the attack fail to cause any external damage, but the resulting vibration also inflicted pain to his own hand.

His attack had only caused slightly over -700 damage…

“What kind of Defense is this?!” Horror filled Autumn Goose as she stared at the damage.

No matter what was said or done, Gunfire was one of the top ranking experts in the Wind God’s Spear; he was very well-equipped. Even against all those Great Lords prior to this fight, his Beheaded Skill always dealt around -2,000 damage. Now, however, even after receiving a significant boost to his Attributes, his Beheaded had only caused around -700 damage. The Frost Bone Dragon’s Defense had to be more than double that of the previous Great Lords.

Meanwhile, the Frost Bone Dragon had 64,000,000 HP. With its battle recovery alone it could regenerate 640,000 HP every second. Not to mention, since the battle had begun, the Grand Lord had been absorbing 1% of their HP every three seconds.

With such a powerful recovery, even 100 continuously attacking Gunfires would barely scratch the Frost Bone Dragon. They would be no threat to the Grand Lord at all.

Fire Dance then jumped up from the Frost Bone Dragon’s right, landing on the Grand Lord’s spine, instantly executing Absolute Strike.

However, when Thousand Transformations, which was even sharper than the Sacred Sword Killing Ray, cut at the pearly white bone, the short sword only dug three centimeters deep into the bone before coming to a halt.

-14,489.

Why is there such a huge difference in Defense?! Fire Dance frowned.

Absolute Strike was her most powerful Burst Skill, yet even after a critical hit, the Skill only dealt over -10,000 damage. At this rate, they would die from exhaustion before they could kill the Frost Bone Dragon.

If this was already the case for Fire Dance, there was no need to mention how little the others could do against the Frost Bone Dragon.

Everyone’s most powerful Skills had only managed to deal around -4,000 damage to the Grand Lord. Only after including Shi Feng’s damage did the team barely deal enough to overcome the Frost Bone Dragon’s recovery. At this rate, they would need to fight for five or six hours to kill the Grand Lord. Unfortunately, it would be a miracle if everyone’s Stamina lasted for ten minutes.

As for the Battle Demon, although it was very strong, the Frost Bone Dragon easily blocked the majority of its attacks. It had barely any opportunities to damage the Grand Lord.

Two seconds after Shi Feng activated Abyssal Curse, the Frost Bone Dragon’s wings shuddered as it broke free from the magic array. Immediately, it swiped its tail at the Battle Demon, launching a more violent attack than before. In the next moment, an afterimage briefly appeared. Before the Battle Demon under Shi Feng’s control could react, the Bone Dragon had sent it flying.

Everyone had expected the Battle Demon to suffer an intense amount of damage. However, the Battle Demon only lost around 70,000 HP; that was even less than the damage it had received before.

“The Bone Dragon’s Attributes have decreased!” Aqua Rose stated as she looked at the Frost Bone Dragon’s HP. Currently, the Grand Lord only had a maximum HP of 57,600,000. Its Attributes had been decreased by 10%.

The players felt joy bloom in their chests. Their will to fight soared.

Even to ordinary players, a 10% Attribute drop would significantly affect their combat power, much less for a Guardian Boss like the Frost Bone Dragon.

“Everyone, activate your Berserk Skills! Use this opportunity to slay this Boss!” Shi Feng hurriedly reminded.

Abyssal Curse could reduce the Frost Bone Dragon’s Attributes for ten minutes, so if they could not finish the Grand Lord off in these ten minutes it would become much harder to defeat later. They needed to exert all of their strength now.

Following Shi Feng’s command, everyone activated their Berserk Skills at full strength.

As for Shi Feng, he activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power. Among the several Berserk Skills Shi Feng had, Dragon’s Power increased his Strength Attribute the most.

With the Tier 3 Battle Demon acting as a meat shield, Shi Feng used Silent Steps and appeared directly behind the Frost Bone Dragon.

Phantom Kill!

Flame Burst!

Shi Feng and his doppelganger released a series of 30 dazzling explosions on the Bone Dragon’s weakened ribcage.

-20,484.

-28,497.

-41,054.

-57,149.

…

Thirty consecutive hits struck the Frost Bone Dragon, instantly stealing a small chunk of the Grand Lord’s HP.

Aqua Rose used Song of Sprites and cast the Tier 1 Spell Soul Cloud. In the next moment, several dozen damages appeared above the Frost Bone Dragon’s head, each one devouring over 1,000 HP. In addition, Aqua Rose summoned three Bluefire Crows and three Forest Sprites. Although each summoned creature could only deal around -1,000 damage, with the six attacking together, they instantly destroyed over 6,000 of the Grand Lord’s HP. In terms of damage output, Aqua Rose was only inferior to Shi Feng and Fire Dance.

Besides, the Bluefire Crows were slightly different from the Forest Sprites. The Bluefire Crows possessed the Growth Skill. As time passed, they would increase in rank.

From Elite monsters, the Bluefire Crow could grow to become Lords. At that point, Aqua Rose’s damage could even surpass Fire Dance’s.

Seconds and minutes passed quickly. Under Shi Feng and his team’s all-out assault, the Frost Bone Dragon’s HP quickly fell to 30%. Finally, the Tier 3 Battle Demon was in an extremely miserable state. It currently had less than 20% of its HP remaining.

“Foolish humans, feel the wrath of the Abyss!” the Frost Bone Dragon bellowed as it suddenly flapped its wings.

Xiu!

The Frost Bone Dragon instantly appeared above South Lake City.

In the next moment, an endless amount of elemental Mana surged towards the Frost Bone Dragon’s body from all directions. At the same time, a deep-blue, twofold magic array appeared above South Lake City as well, enveloping the entire space above the city.

The violent power radiating from the magic array threw everyone to the ground as if the end of the world had arrived.

“It’s over… How does the Bone Dragon know such a Spell?” Shock filled Aqua Rose’s eyes as she stared at the magic array above South Lake City. With her understanding of magic arrays, she knew that they had absolutely no chance of defending against the Frost Bone Dragon’s Spell. They could only wait for death to claim their lives, “With Spells like this, how can anybody defeat the Frost Bone Dragon?!”

The other team members the team felt similarly powerless as they watched.

It was technically not impossible to deal with a super-large-scale destruction Spell like this. However, with the magic array covering the entire South Lake City, how could they escape the Spell’s range in time?

“Hahaha! Go on! Flee! Let’s see if you can escape the wrath of the Abyss!” the Frost Bone Dragon laughed.

“I’ve been waiting for this!” Shi Feng’s lips curled into a smile. He had been waiting for this moment for a long time. Immediately, he activated Wind Rider. He then switched the Aura of Wind to the Aura of Time before looking at Aqua Rose, saying, “Use Song of Sprites on me!”

It had already been five minutes since Aqua Rose last used Song of Sprites. The Skill’s Cooldown should have ended.

“Ah?” Although Aqua Rose did not understand what Shi Feng intended to do, she cast Song of Sprites on him.

Shi Feng then flew towards the Frost Bone Dragon, which was still in the process of gathering and condensing Mana.

Absolute Time!

This was Shi Feng’s final trump card against the Frost Bone Dragon.

If he could not interrupt the Frost Bone Dragon’s Abyssal Wrath, a super-large-scale destruction Spell, trying to deal with the Grand Lord would be sheer lunacy.

Immediately, with the Frost Bone Dragon as the center, the space within a radius of 300 yards froze. All Mana in the area scattered and vanished immediately.

“No!”

Due to the sudden loss of Mana, the Frost Bone Dragon released a pained cry as it suffered a backlash from its Spell. Its massive body, which had been over 100 meters in height, suddenly shrunk to only 60 meters or so. Its Attributes also fell by 40% as it entered a Weakened state for three minutes. The Frost Bone Dragon’s body then crashed to the ground.

With its combat power greatly reduced, how could the Frost Bone Dragon be a challenge for the team from Zero Wing?

Even without the Tier 3 Battle Demon, the Frost Bone Dragon was no longer a threat.

At this time, Shi Feng activated the Power of Darkness, his Attributes soaring once more. He then began a rampant assault on the Grand Lord.

When the Frost Bone Dragon had less than 500,000 HP remaining, Shi Feng activated Divine Providence before using Flame Burst on the Grand Lord, destroying the Grand Lord’s final strand of HP.

The instant the Frost Bone Dragon died, everyone heard the sound of a system notification.