Chapter 821 - Demonic Flame Tiger

Chapter 821: Demonic Flame Tiger

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

“Is it really possible?” Autumn Goose muttered doubtfully. Chills crawled down her spine despite the Frost Bone Dragon being so far away, her instincts constantly warning her of the danger.

Every time the Bone Dragon flapped its massive wings, the sounds of explosions rang through the air.

Even a fool could see the difference between the Grand Lord and a mere Great Lord. The two were on entirely different levels.

Shi Feng understood this fact as well.

The Frost Bone Dragon was South Lake City’s final Boss. Of course, it wouldn’t be an easy opponent.

Fortunately, however, he had two powerful trump cards. They still had a chance of victory.

Moreover, it wouldn’t be a major issue if they died. At worst, they would be teleported out of the Abyss Battlefield. They would not suffer the usual death penalties.

Following which, Shi Feng played the dark gold flute, the sweet sound echoing throughout South Lake City.

“Rawr!”

With a roar, a golden magic array appeared before Shi Feng. Suddenly, a massive black tiger leaped out of the array.

The massive tiger stood over four meters tall. Black flames covered its razor-sharp claws, exquisite black armor wrapped around its body. Just by standing there, the tiger’s flames increased the surrounding temperature significantly. The ground beneath its feet melted under the scorching heat. The tiger was too hot to approach.

“What’s that?!” Everyone was stunned by the sudden appearance of the black, flaming beast.

“It’s a Mount, of course.” Shi Feng walked up to the giant tiger and rubbed the soft fur on its head. He was quite satisfied with his Mount.

[Demonic Flame Tiger] (Dark-Gold Mount)

Level 40

HP 1,020,000/1,020,000

In the past, the best Mount Shi Feng had ridden was only Fine-Gold rank.

In this life, however, he had obtained a Dark-Gold Mount after killing Noya, a Guardian Boss in the Dark Den.

Mounts were extremely useful to players in field battles, especially a Dark-Gold Mount.

Even a Bronze Mount already possessed certain combat capabilities, assisting players in battle.

After reaching Dark-Gold rank, the Mount was the equivalent of a Chieftain of the same Level. Although a Chieftain might not be anything to a top-tier expert, a Dark-Gold Mount’s true power did not lie in its damage dealing abilities. Such a thing was only useful to ordinary players.

The true value of a Dark-Gold Mount lay in its Support Skills.

Having a Dark-Gold Mount was the equivalent of having a player with Support Skills by one’s side.

Sure enough, a Dark-Gold Mount’s Skills are very powerful. Shi Feng was slightly surprised after he examined the Demonic Flame Tiger’s Skill Menu.

A Level 40 Fine-Gold Mount only had two Support Skills. One was single-target Skill, while the other was an AOE Skill.

However, a Level 40 Dark-Gold Mount had three Support Skills, with one being a single-target Skill and the other two being AOE Skills.

[Synergy] (Passive Skill)

While within 100 yards of the Demonic Flame Tiger, all Attributes of owner increase by 10%.

[Battle Roar]

The Demonic Flame Tiger releases a deafening roar. All allies within 20 yards experience a 20% damage increase, Movement Speed increased by 20%, and Attack Speed increased by 30% for 10 minutes.

Cooldown: 30 minutes

[Dark Blessing]

All allies within 20 yards gain 100 points of Magic Resistance, 20% damage reduction, and all Attributes increased by 10% for 30 minutes.

Cooldown: 10 hours

These three Skills alone could raise the strength of the entire team by a huge margin. This was the value of Dark-Gold Mounts.

“A Mount?” Everyone’s jaws dropped when they heard Shi Feng’s explanation. “This can’t be true, right?!”

The Demonic Flame Tiger before them looked absolutely stunning. Moreover, they felt a heavy pressure from it. Based on its HP, it should be at least as powerful as a Chieftain.

A monster like the Demonic Flame Tiger could even serve as the Boss in a Party Dungeon, yet such a powerful monster was actually a Mount. This shattered any knowledge they had about Mounts.

“What rank is this Mount?”

“Secret-Silver?”

“Fine-Gold?”

Everyone nearly drooled as they stared at the Demonic Flame Tiger. With its imposing might and its majestic appearance, the Demonic Tiger would be the center of attention regardless of where it was.

“It’s just Dark-Gold rank,” Shi Feng said as he tapped the Demonic Flame Tiger’s front paw. The Demonic Tiger obediently bent down before Shi Feng, its dignified behavior vanishing.

Shi Feng’s team members shot him a disdainful glare. “It’s just Dark-Gold rank?” Even though they had already reached Level 40, none of them even had a Common Mount.

They just hoped to obtain a Bronze or Mysterious-Iron Mount.

They wouldn’t even dare dream of owning a Secret-Silver Mount, let alone a Fine-Gold Mount. They had never even expected to see a Dark-Gold Mount.

“After we leave the Battlefield, I must find my own Dark-Gold Mount to show off!” Blackie declared as he drooled over the Demonic Flame Tiger that was the size of a small house. He could not help but fantasize about riding his own Demonic Tiger down White River City’s streets. He would be the object of everyone’s envy. Just the thought gave him chills.

The other team members nodded in agreement.

The horses one could buy in cities were garbage compared to the Demonic Flame Tiger. Only a Mount like the Demonic Flame Tiger could be considered a real Mount.

“This is not the time for this. Everyone, head to your appointed locations. Aqua, cast Song of Sprites on me,” Shi Feng commanded.

The Epic ranked staff Song of Beatrice he had previously given Aqua Rose had a very powerful Skill: the Song of Sprites. It could amplify the effects of a specific Spell. When used on large-scale destruction Spells and Summoning Skills, this Skill was incredibly powerful.

Shi Feng had long since used up his Magic Amplification Scroll. The Song of Sprites was the perfect Skill to replace it.

Following which, Shi Feng summoned the Demon Gate. Aqua Rose used Song of Sprites on Shi Feng, instantly buffing the Demon Summoning by 300%. In the next moment, a Tier 3 Battle Demon wielding a two-handed sword in one hand emerged from the Demon Gate.

Battle Demon

Level 55

HP 14,000,000/14,000,000

It was a success! Seeing the Tier 3 Battle Demon step away from the Demon Gate, Shi Feng used the Bible of Darkness’s ability to rob the Battle Demon of its will, turning it into a puppet.

“Is this Ye Feng and these core members’ true strength?”

The instant the Battle Demon appeared, Autumn Goose, Thoughtful Rain, and the others were stunned.

A Tier 3 Demon was the equivalent of a Great Lord ranked monster. It was also Level 55. That monster could kill them instantly.

“Just how powerful is Zero Wing?” Autumn Goose and the others struggled with their shock.

Only now did they finally understand why Zero Wing’s members had been so calm against all of those Great Lords. They even wanted to take on the Frost Bone Dragon.

With such a powerful summoned monster, even with so few members, it was not entirely impossible to defeat the Level 45 Grand Lord.