Chapter 828 - Chased Out

Chapter 828 – Chased Out

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Shi Feng thought he had interpreted the map wrong when he examined the marked location.

Cities in God’s Domain generally had many districts. Among them, the most important was the Trade Area.

Normally, when players tried to set up a Shop, they purchased Land in the Trade District.

Following the Trade Area would be the Noble’s District.

The Noble’s District housed the city’s Library and the War God’s Temple. Naturally, players frequently visited these locations.

The Commoner’s District followed the Noble’s District. The Commoner’s District contained the Adventurer’s Association and the Underground Arena. Hence, that district enjoyed quite a bit of player traffic as well.

The district with the worst traffic was the Slums. There were practically no establishments in the Slums that could attract players to the area. Very few players were willing to visit. Hence, in every city in God’s Domain, the Lands in the Slums there were the cheapest. Opening a Shop there was no different than throwing money into the furnace.

“This is your offer?” Shi Feng asked, laughing.

After all that talk, King’s Return wanted to trade a worthless location for five valuable plots of Land.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, don’t be in such a rush. Many of Light City’s Lands have already been distributed. We cannot procure good plots of Land with so little time. These are the only ones left. However, our superiors have stated that King’s Return will allow the Candlelight Trading Firm to enter Light City to conduct business. If you are in a hurry to develop the Candlelight Trading Firm in Light City, you can purchase Land with potential from others,” Ordinary Stranger explained.

In Ordinary Stranger’s opinion, this offer was a powerful show of faith towards Zero Wing.

Light City was King’s Return’s main headquarters. The city was home to more than ten million players. In the future, that number could definitely climb to twenty million, or even thirty million.

It was not an exaggeration to say that every inch of land in Light City was worth its weight in gold.

To obtain a share of this golden pie, all Zero Wing needed to do was to turn away from those five plots of Land in Snow Field City.

There were lots of Guilds that hoped to set up a Shop in Light City. The fact that King’s Return had agreed to let the Candlelight Trading Firm set foot in Light City was an opportunity that many Guilds dreamed of, but could not obtain.

“What if I refuse?” Shi Feng asked.

Although Ordinary Stranger’s offer sounded nice, what fool would actually sell the high-potential Land they had only obtained after so much trouble? In the end, Zero Wing had nothing more than an empty promise at the loss of five very high potential Lands.

Wasn’t King’s Return being a little too arrogant

“This…” Ordinary Stranger was taken aback. He had never dreamed that Shi Feng would actually consider turning his offer down. Coldly, he replied, “I hope that Guild Leader Black Flame will rethink this carefully. King’s Return is a Super Guild. Is it really worth offending us over a few plots of Land?”

“Alright, enough. You two can leave now,” Shi Feng said as he gestured towards the door.

“Are you doing this because of Immortal Light?” Ordinary Stranger suddenly said coldly, “Guild Leader Black Flame, think this over. I can tell you that Immortal Light is a sworn enemy of King’s Return. We must annihilate this pest. If Zero Wing helps Immortal Light, you will incur King’s Return’s wrath as well!”

“Now, that is interesting,” Shi Feng said, his lips hooking up into a grin. He then continued, saying, “Do you think that Zero Wing is afraid of King’s Return?”

Hearing Shi Feng’s bold question, both Ordinary Stranger and Thunder Tiger were stupefied.

They had not expected Shi Feng to brush the Super Guild off like that.

Super Guilds were different from other Guilds. They were the true overlords of the virtual gaming world. In the virtual gaming world, aside from the few transcendent powers and other Super Guilds, nobody would dare disregard a Super Guild.

However, when they thought back to how Zero Wing treated the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, it was possible that the Guild would ignore King’s Return’s threat.

“Both of you can get lost this instant. Oh, and go back and tell your superiors this: what Zero Wing does is of no concern of King’s Return. I will buy those plots of Land. You can be certain of that,” Shi Feng declared, a frosty glint flashing in his eyes.

Sinned Heart had helped him many times in his previous life. Moreover, since he had already promised Sinned Heart to buy those Lands, he would not go back on his word. He had only wasted so much time talking to these two representatives to gauge what King’s Return’s stance was towards Immortal Light.

Although Zero Wing could not defeat a Super Guild, in Star-Moon Kingdom, it had no reason to fear them either.

As soon as Shi Feng finished speaking, the temperature in the room dropped by several degrees. Both Ordinary Stranger and Thunder Tiger suddenly felt their bodies grow cold. Their instincts shouted warnings, reminding them that they were in an extremely dangerous situation and that they could lose their lives at any moment.

Both Ordinary Stranger and Thunder Tiger knew that they were not a match for Shi Feng. Helpless, they could only leave Zero Wing’s Residence without accomplishing their objective.

“What are we supposed to do now?” Thunder Tiger asked as he looked back towards the Guild Residence. “Are we just going to return and report this?”

“What else can we do?” Ordinary Stranger had not expected Shi Feng to be this insane. He was actually willing to offend King’s Return for a meager Guild like Immortal Light. “Let’s find a quiet location and report to Elder Broken City. We’ll let the Elder decide how we should proceed.”

The two experts immediately ran to a high-class restaurant and rented a VIP room. They intended to report Shi Feng’s reply, word-for-word, to Broken City.

—

Meanwhile, Shi Feng arrived at the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“Melancholic, how many Strengthening Devices has your team completed?” Shi Feng no longer carried a fortune. Although he had earned quite a bit through Stone Forest Town and the Candlelight Trading Firm while he had been gone, after deducting the Guild expenses and the Magic Crystals, which could not be sold, he only had roughly 4,000 Gold on hand.

Of course, to any first-rate Guild in God’s Domain, having 4,000 Gold of liquid funds after deducting Guild expenses was practically a dream.

However, if Shi Feng wanted to purchase those five plots from Sinned Heart, he did not have nearly enough money.

He also had a city waiting for him to build…

—

Inside a VIP room in a high-class restaurant…

“Is that all?” Broken City asked with gravelly tone through the video chat.

“Yes, that is all. After that, Black Flame chased us out,” Ordinary Stranger explained softly.

“Since Zero Wing is adamant about poking its nose into our business, we should teach the Guild a small lesson. I’ll have Hell Fiend lead the Falcon Legion over. Find out where Zero Wing’s core members are right now. When the time comes, we won’t let any of them survive!” Broken City declared before disconnecting the call.

Both Ordinary Stranger and Thunder Tiger were stunned.

Although they did not know why Broken City focused so heavily on a small Guild like Immortal Light, sending the Falcon Legion to deal with Zero Wing was no more than making a big fuss over a small issue.

The Falcon Legion was King’s Return’s ace legion. The legion was comprised of the young experts the Guild had nurtured and had been specifically formed to deal with other Super Guild’s legions.

Moreover, Broken City was actually sending the Adjudicator Hell Fiend. One could just imagine how furious the old man was.