Chapter 823 - Monster-Level Battle

Chapter 823: Monster-level Battle

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

“Grawr!”

When the Battle Demon was within 200 yards of the Boss, the Frost Bone Dragon sensed the Demon’s presence. As it released a furious roar, the Grand Lord flapped its massive bone wings; the generated gust prevented the Battle Demon from approaching.

Before the wind came to an end, the Frost Bone Dragon stretched open its jaws.

Suddenly, a storm broke out, covering a 200-yard-radius, and a seemingly endless amount of Mana gathered in the Bone Dragon’s mouth.

“Damn it; it’s using Dragon Breath!” Realizing what he was seeing, Shi Feng hurriedly shouted, “Everyone, get away from the Bone Dragon’s front!”

Shi Feng’s command confused Aqua Rose and the others. They were currently over 300 yards away from the Grand Lord. At such a distance, the Bone Dragon’s attack should not be a threat.

However, seeing at Shi Feng’s anxious expression, the Zero Wing team did not dare to be careless as they rushed to the sides.

Due to Battle Roar and Dark Blessing, everyone’s Attributes had received a significant boost. Their Movement Speeds had also increased massively. In the end, they managed to move just as the Mana in the Grand Lord’s mouth reached a critical level.

Before the team could relax, however, they suddenly felt a chill from behind them, and they could not help their shivers.

Instantly, a beam of white light devoured the buildings behind them.

“How is this possible?!” Aqua Rose could not believe her eyes.

The 600-yard-stretch before the Frost Bone Dragon had transformed into a frozen tundra. Had they not dodged the breath attack in time, they would have lost their lives.

“How can a Grand Lord be so powerful?!” The crowd gasped collectively.

With such a wide and long ranged AOE attack, even an army of ten thousand players would die instantly.

“Alright; snap out of it. Let the Battle Demon pin the Frost Bone Dragon down. Everyone else, attack from the dragon’s sides. Absolutely do not stand in front of it,” Shi Feng immediately commanded, not finding the Grand Lord’s powerful attack one bit surprising.

The Frost Bone Dragon ruled over a city. Zerg tactics would never be enough for players to kill it.

If not for his ability to summon a Tier 3 Demon, he would not risk everyone’s lives by provoking such a Boss.

Although the Frost Bone Dragon was more powerful than their team, it was only a Level 45 Grand Lord. However, the Tier 3 Demon he had summoned was Level 55. The difference of 10 Levels could, mostly, make up for the difference in rank. Even if he could not exert the Tier 3 Demon’s full strength, he could use it to pin the Boss down.

As the breath attack ended…

The Battle Demon, which Shi Feng had previously moved out of the breath attack’s range, arrived before the Grand Lord and used a Tier 3 Skill.

Round Flash!

Countless flashes of light appeared around the Bone Dragon’s skull until the monster’s head was hidden behind a dazzling, silver glow.

-592,018!

The Frost Bone Dragon released a pained cry as its body fell to the ground abruptly, flattening the buildings beneath it. The impact caused South Lake City to tremble.

As for Autumn Goose and the others, who had begun their charge towards the Frost Bone Dragon, they were momentarily stunned.

With a single hit, the Tier 3 Demon demolished a small, but visible, chunk of the Frost Bone Dragon’s HP. This one attack was most likely more powerful than the combined attacks of a player army of thousands. Moreover, this was the first time she had ever seen Tier 3 beings fight against each other. Usually, she only saw players tackle monsters. The shock of watching two monsters face each other was intense.

This scene allowed them to realize just how weak players were.

Compared to this great battle, their previous battles were practically child’s play.

Before the Frost Bone Dragon, which towered over a hundred meters tall, any player would seem insignificant. The mental pressure the Grand Lord exerted stole their breath.

“Don’t stop! We’ve entered its Frost Domain! As long as we remain inside this Domain, our Stamina will decrease rapidly! Even if we don’t move, our Stamina will decrease! We need to hurry and get rid of the Bone Dragon before our Stamina runs out!” Shi Feng reminded his team as he glanced at Autumn Goose, Thoughtful Rain, and the others, who had stopped moving due to shock. “Notify me immediately if any of you run out of Stamina during the battle!”

“Yes!” Everyone nodded as they regained their focus.

Against such a Boss, Aqua Rose and the other core members of Zero Wing fared relatively well. After all, they had raided a Grand Lord before. Only, the Frost Bone Dragon was significantly more powerful than that Grand Lord.

However, this was the first time Autumn Goose, Death Wind, Gunfire, Thoughtful Rain, and Blue Bamboo had faced a Grand Lord. Fighting against such an oppressive pressure and bathing in such frigid killing intent, even moving became a struggle for them. It would be a miracle if they could even exert 50% or 60% of their usual strength.

How can a Grand Lord be so terrifying?! Autumn Goose’s heart pounded as she watched the Bone Dragon’s mountain-like body. She then looked at Fire Dance and the others, who appeared almost unfazed and were still charging towards the Grand Lord, and she smiled bitterly.

Back in the Wind God’s Spear, she had always pursued adventure and excitement. However, compared to the Frost Bone Dragon, those adventures had been a walk in the park. This Grand Lord’s might was overpowering enough that she felt incredibly powerless.

In contrast, despite such an oppressive pressure, Zero Wing’s members did not show any signs of slowing. With this, one could easily tell that Zero Wing’s members had long since become accustomed to such battles.

For some reason, a random thought invoked a strange feeling within Autumn Goose.

This was what she has searched for all this time.

While Autumn Goose was caught up in her daze, the Frost Bone Dragon slammed its massive claws down onto the Battle Demon. Unable to dodge the attack in time, Shi Feng could only direct the Battle Demon to defend itself with its weapon.

Boom!

-95,164.

The ground beneath the Battle Demon’s feet shattered as the Demon became embedded into the ground. The surrounding land shook from the impact, a deep fissure forming and spreading towards Autumn Goose.

Autumn Goose was momentarily taken aback.

Compared to the Frost Bone Dragon’s destructive power, the Great Lords they had defeated earlier were nothing more than harmless kittens.

However, Autumn Goose still reacted. Although her movements were sluggish due to the Guardian Boss’s pressure, she had managed to pull her weapon up before her.

Peng!

The incoming shockwave struck and threw Autumn Goose, a damage of -867 appearing above her head.

A gasp tore through the watching players.

Despite standing so far away, Autumn Goose still received nearly -900 damage after defending herself successfully. If she had failed to lift her weapon in time, she probably would have lost over 4,000 HP in an instant.

As for the Frost Bone Dragon’s claws, even Cola might die instantly if he received a direct hit. Even after activating his Berserk Skill and all of his Lifesaving Skills, he would only survive one attack at most.

Fortunately, however, they had a Tier 3 Demon to take the Bone Dragon’s hits for them. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have any chance of surviving against the Grand Lord.

Shi Feng simply smiled at everyone’s reaction.

Ordinary Bosses could not compare to a Guardian Boss. Furthermore, the Frost Bone Dragon was a member of the Dragon race. It was much stronger than ordinary Bosses. Even if Cola reached Level 45, he could not tank this Boss by himself. At the very least, they needed three MTs of equal caliber to handle the Frost Bone Dragon.

This should be far enough. Shi Feng arrived beside the Bone Dragon and raised the Abyssal Blade. He swung the Magic Weapon down on the Grand Lord.

Abyssal Curse!