Chapter 831 - Great Disturbance

Chapter 831 – Great Disturbance

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“There sure are a lot of high-ranking NPCs participating in the auction this time,” Shi Feng commented as he swept a glance over the NPCs on the second floor, an amused smile appearing on his face.

“High-ranking NPCs?” At Shi Feng’s comment, Gentle Snow turned to the second floor. Indeed, there were quite a number of NPCs present. “But isn’t it normal for high-ranking NPCs to participate in the Blackwing Auction House?”

This was not her first time attending an auction in the Blackwing Auction House. She had even attended high-ranking auctions before.

Players were not the only ones to compete over items up for auction. NPCs similarly contested over the items. However, after some of her own research, Gentle Snow, more or less, understood these NPCs’ function. These NPCs were here to make sure items were sold at an appropriate price. If the price players offered was too low, these NPCs would join the bidding. They would not let players take advantage of the system.

At such a large auction, it was natural that more NPCs would join.

However, when players tried to purchase an item, as long as the price they offered was higher than the item’s actual value, these NPCs would automatically relent and end their bidding.

In response, Shi Feng smiled and nodded, saying, “It is very normal. Only, I’ve never seen so many powerful NPCs attend at the same time, so I’m slightly surprised.”

“Tch, what about these NPCs is surprising?” Blaster commented disdainfully.

The others nodded in agreement, scorn flashing in their eyes as they looked at Shi Feng. Initially, they had thought that Shi Feng was one of God’s Domain’s apex experts. Now, however, it would seem that he was just a country bumpkin that had never seen the world of the great. At the end of the day, he was simply the upper echelon of an upstart Guild. There was no way he could measure up to their standards.

Shi Feng simply smiled at the group’s reaction, not bothering to explain.

However, Gentle Snow’s expression turned serious at Shi Feng’s statement as she secretly observed the NPCs on the second floor. She did not think that Shi Feng would be surprised just because there were a lot of high-ranking NPCs present.

What?! How can this be?! When Gentle Snow’s eyes fell on a handsome youth in a suit of golden armor and an exquisite cape, she was shocked.

Previously, she had never bothered to observe the NPCs. Now that she did, however, she discovered something astounding.

When she examined the handsome youth, she could not uncover any information about him. She could not even see the most basic of information such as his name or Level. Even after activating an advanced Identification Skill, she was still left empty-handed.

More frighteningly, when her gaze fell upon the youth, he actually turned and returned it, observing her. However, this youth simply smiled before turning away.

Although they had only exchanged glances for a brief instant, Gentle Snow felt as if she had been suffocating. In that instant, she had felt as if her life was no longer her own.

She had never encountered such an NPC before. She had not even experienced this feeling when she met with a Tier 5 NPC in an imperial capital. Tier 5 NPCs were considered top-class individuals even in an empire. Players could not encounter them casually. She had only met one due to a Special Quest.

Moreover, there were also over a dozen Tier 5 NPCs on the second floor…

Even if one added together the Tier 5 NPCs in an empire, there would be fewer than those that were here now. It was no wonder why Shi Feng was surprised.

“Ye Feng, with so many high-ranking NPCs participating in the auction, will something happen?” Gentle Snow sent Shi Feng a private message, wearing a nervous expression.

Events frequently occurred throughout God’s Domain. If players could resolve these events, they could earn decent rewards. However, the penalties for failure were equally heavy. When these Events occurred, players’ consent did not matter. As long as one was within the event’s area, the system considered the players to have accepted the quest.

Events in God’s Domain varied in terms of sizes. The larger an event was, the more horrific its punishment would be.

She had met the Tier 5 NPC due to an event. In the end, said event had claimed the lives of 99% of the tens of thousands of players that had been present. A lot of equipment had dropped that day, and very few players had survived. She had been one of the lucky few. Unfortunately, because the event had not been completed, neither she nor the other survivors had received a reward. However, compared to the players that had died, she was considered very lucky.

With so many Tier 5 NPCs here, she could not imagine what would happen if an event occurred.

“It’s nothing major. Based on what I have learned, one can determine the value of the items that will be up for auction by the number of high-ranking NPCs that participate. The more NPCs that attend an auction, the more valuable the items will be that appear in said auction. Ordinary items wouldn’t attract these hidden dragons,” Shi Feng explained. He could tell what Gentle Snow was worried about.

“So, that’s the case. It’s no wonder why you would check the second floor.” Gentle Snow finally understood. Her tense mood began to vanish.

However, Shi Feng had hidden one truth from the Snow Goddess.

More high-ranking NPCs joined an auction when there were more risks. It was especially true when an NPC like that mysterious young man attended.

God’s Domain was not a game that let players have their way easily.

During the game’s initial stages, conflict was limited to players. However, as players reached higher levels, the game would gradually introduce a new type of conflict: the conflict between players and NPCs.

In the past, a powerful NPC had even robbed Shi Feng…

Hence, money wasn’t the only thing necessary to purchase an item from the Blackwing Auction House. It was a simple matter if one purchased an item from another player. However, if one purchased an item sold by an NPC, they would have to stay on guard. One might win the bidding for an extremely precious item, but keeping the item would depend on their ability.

While Gentle Snow and Shi Feng conversed in secret, the auction had officially begun.

Above the auction stage, a beautiful female NPC wearing a white evening gown approached the stage as the auction’s hostess.

However, as soon as everyone noticed this beautiful, curvaceous NPC, their jaws dropped in shock.

This NPC beauty was a Level 220, Tier 4 Great Wizard. In any city, she would be an overlord-level NPC. However, such an existence had actually been tasked to host this auction. Everyone marveled at Blackwing City’s wealth and influence.

While the various players struggled with their daze, the first auction item appeared before them.

After examining the item’s information, these players were thrown back into their stupor.

The item was a golden tablet, radiating a purple-gold glow. Complex runes and images had been carved into the metal. With a glance, it was obvious that this tablet was anything but ordinary.

“A Secret Technique!”

“Damn! This can’t be real, right?! The system is so generous to sell something like this at the very beginning?!”

“Our Guild must have that!”

“We had been right to join the Blackwing Auction this time! Notify the others and tell them to purchase Coins immediately! Buy as many as you can! We cannot let other Guilds obtain this!”

…

Ordinary large Guilds were completely clueless about the excitement that tore through the crowd. However, various Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds were thrown into chaos. These representatives eyed the golden tablet like ravenous wolves.

“Blaster, notify the Guild Elders immediately! Tell them to send as much money as they can as quickly as possible!” Hidden Cloud shouted, excitement coloring his face.

“I understand.” Not daring to delay, Blaster rushed out of the Auction House and rapidly contacted the Nine Heavens Pavilion’s Elders.