Chapter 835 - Soul Disintegration

Chapter 835: Soul Disintegration

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

“Who is that?”

Phoenix Rain, who had just exited the Auction House, watched the mysterious youth slowly walk towards Hidden Cloud in disbelief.

This was the first time she had encountered such a situation.

Blackwing City was not an ordinary city. Even the city patrols were far superior to an imperial capital’s.

Yet, despite it the daylight hour, this NPC acted so boldly.

The most unbelievable part about this situation was that even the Tier 3 Guard Captains had been frozen in place. This mysterious youth’s power was incredibly frightening.

“What are you… trying to do?” Hidden Cloud asked the mysterious youth before him. He had only managed to force these words out after an intense struggle.

He could clearly feel how terrifying the man before him was. The bloody glint in the man’s eyes alone made him involuntarily shiver.

Before this man, his power was as insignificant as a speck of dust. If this man wished it, he would lose his life instantly. His only option right now was to delay for time.

What kind of place was Blackwing City?

It was probably the safest location throughout God’s Domain.

There was no way Blackwing City’s authorities would allow an NPC to do as they wished.

“Hahaha! You sure are an interesting little fellow! You’re still trying to buy time? I advise you to give up. Although you are still in Blackwing City, this space is in a completely different dimension. Even a Tier 5 Divine Mage, adept in space magic won’t detect us here,” the mysterious man smiled calmly at Hidden Cloud’s question. “Alright, will you hand over the golden tablet on your own, or will I have to retrieve it myself?”

Although the youth’s words had not been loud, every player on the street had heard him very clearly.

“What? An NPC is robbing someone?”

“Is this some kind of event? Isn’t this NPC too strong? He’s actually making a move inside Blackwing City!”

“This isn’t a Legendary Quest, right?!”

The watching players were both excited and scared; although this chance encounter was interesting, they were afraid of being caught up in the incident. A meaningless death at their levels would be a major, unfortunate loss.

“Golden tablet? What is that? I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Hidden Cloud said, his mouth twitching as he stared at the mysterious youth.

That golden tablet was his hope of advancing his career in the Nine Heavens Pavilion. Not only had he spent a large sum of money to obtain it, but the Pavilion’s upper echelons had also heard of his procurement already. If he simply handed the tablet to this NPC and returned to report to his superiors that he had lost it, acting as if nothing had ever happened…

He would only enrage the Nine Heavens Pavilion’s Elders and Guild Leader.

Handing over the golden tablet was scarier than death…

Hearing Hidden Cloud’s words, Shi Feng glanced at the Assassin, “admiring” the man’s courage.

When he had encountered an NPC robbery in his previous life, he had tried to resist as well. Unfortunately, he had not experienced a positive outcome. As he had not been strong enough, the NPC had successfully robbed him. However, being robbed was one thing. The true problem lay in the fact that said NPC had attacked.

Dying by an NPC’s hand had a far more severe penalty than an ordinary death. Moreover, the more powerful the NPC was, the heavier the punishments players received when that NPC killed them.

Shi Feng had been considerably lucky. His murderer had only been a Tier 4 Sword Emperor. In the end, he had lost two Levels and suffered a Weakened state for five days. Meanwhile, no matter how he looked at it, the mysterious youth was definitely stronger than a Tier 4 Sword Emperor. A lot stronger…

“You’re not gonna hand it over?” the youth sighed. “It seems that I have to do it myself, then.”

As soon as the NPC finished his statement, he stretched out a finger and lightly tapped Hidden Cloud’s forehead.

Peng!

“AHHH!” Hidden Cloud screamed with pain, sounding as if this pain came from the depths of his soul.

In the next moment, Hidden Cloud’s physical body disintegrated, revealing a half-transparent version of himself.

However, this half-transparent Hidden Cloud began to fade.

The Assassin’s scream grew in pitch and distorted, sounding almost inhuman.

Amazing! This NPC actually knows Soul Disintegration! Shi Feng was slightly surprised as he watched Hidden Cloud’s body vanish in the wind.

At this moment, even Shi Feng had sympathy for Hidden Cloud.

Shi Feng had only seen Soul Disintegration in a video in the past.

Not only could this attack kill players, but it could also damage a player’s soul directly.

It was similar to when he absorbed players’ Immortal Souls.

An Immortal Soul, as the name suggested, was an immortal existence. No matter how much damage an Immortal Soul took, it could recover.

When Shi Feng absorbed the Immortal Souls of the players he killed, he had only absorbed a tiny portion. Even so, this prevented the players from logging into God’s Domain for a short time.

Soul Disintegration was different. It was a Skill purely meant to shatter a player’s soul. It could destroy a player’s Immortal Soul completely.

Experiencing one’s soul disperse was far more severe than someone or something absorbing a portion of it. Although players could also recover from this damage, it took far more than not logging in for two or three days. Shi Feng would not be surprised if Hidden Cloud could not log into God’s Domain for half a month.

“Why fight it? Though, even if you had handed it over, I would’ve still killed you.” The mysterious youth shook his head as he looked at the golden tablet that had fallen from Hidden Cloud’s body. The youth then turned to the other players on the street, smiling as he stated, “Anyways, now that I’ve obtained the item, let’s celebrate with your deaths!”

A chill gripped the players’ hearts as they heard the young NPC’s words.

“It’s over…” Phoenix Rain frowned, her previous hint of joy vanishing.

Phoenix Rain wasn’t the only one to have that reaction. Everyone trembled with fear.

They had all heard the Assassin’s painful wails.

Hidden Cloud was an apex expert from the Nine Heavens Pavilion. How much pain could cause an expert like that scream as he had?

Ye Feng had been telling the truth! Phoenix Rain suddenly remembered the message Shi Feng had sent.

Shi Feng had warned her that the golden tablet was dangerous. Now, it would seem that she had also become one of this NPC’s targets, and not even the heavens could save her.

Damn it! This NPC is too black-hearted ! He won’t even spare innocent bystanders! Shi Feng’s expression darkened as he watched the mysterious youth’s raised hand.

He had miscalculated this time.

He had never imagined that he would become entangled in the robbery as well. The NPC robberies he had encountered in the past had usually only involved the targeted players. If bystanders kept to themselves, the NPCs would leave them alone.

Unfortunately, it was too late to do anything now.

In the next moment, an endless amount of Mana gathered in the youth’s hand. It was as if he had sucked all of the Mana in this space into his palm.

With this much Mana, the Spell the youth was conjuring was likely stronger than a Tier 5 Skill.

The mysterious youth smiled and pointed a finger to the sky.

Immediately, the black ball of Mana shot up from the youth’s hand.

After reaching a certain height, a crack suddenly appeared in the Mana ball.