Chapter 830 - Beginning Of Fame

Chapter 830 – Beginning of Fame

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“So, you’re the rumored Ye Feng.”

Hidden Cloud, with his tanned skin, a robust body, and a slightly evil air about him, wore a slightly surprised expression as he looked at Shi Feng.

The majority of God’s Domain’s players were completely clueless about what had happened in the Dark Arena.

Not to mention, matches were held in the Dark Arena every day, making it even more difficult for people to follow a single battle team.

To a Super Guild upper echelon like Hidden Cloud, however, there was no need to pay attention to the Dark Arena’s ordinary experts. He was only interested in those who could leave an impression.

Someone like Shi Feng, in particular, who had defeated a famous, old monster like Sirius, would catch his attention even if he wanted to avoid information on this expert. After all, his Guild would remind him about such existences.

Experts at Shi Feng’s standard could not be ignored. Even in Super Guilds, he would be a member of the top fighting force. He would be an apex expert the Guild would use against its competition.

“They’re just rumors.” Shi Feng shrugged, chuckling.

Hidden Cloud was an extremely powerful expert. His history was almost considered a legend. He had debuted into the virtual gaming world at the young age of 17. He was currently 27 years old, and already, he had become the Nine Heavens Pavilion’s Fifth Floor Master. He was the target of admiration for countless young players.

In the past, Hidden Cloud’s achievements in God’s Domain had even pushed him to his peak.

After spending five years in God’s Domain, he had gained the position of Second Floor Master. In the Nine Heavens Pavilion, he had been the most likely candidate to become the next First Floor Master.

However, Hidden Cloud’s position in the Nine Heavens Pavilion had been secondary. The man himself was far more impressive. In the past, he had been one of the Ten Great God-ranked Assassins in God’s Domain. No one throughout God’s Domain had been able to stop any of his assassination attempts.

Hidden Cloud’s most impressive assassination had the death of a powerful upper echelon of the Flower of Seven Sins, which he had completed without any assistance. This incident had struck fear into the assassin organization and boosted the Nine Heavens Pavilion’s prestige.

After all, even Super Guilds did not dare offend a transcendental power like the Flower of Seven Sins. Many of these Super Guilds had suffered multiple losses at the hand of the organization. Super Guilds had always suffered the Flower of Seven Sins’ wrath. Never once had the organization suffered a loss of its own. The fact that Hidden Cloud had managed to defeat one of the organization’s upper echelons had significantly boosted the Nine Heavens Pavilion’s reputation.

This incident had shocked the upper echelons of the various large Guilds in God’s Domain. Shi Feng had been no exception.

I had never thought that Gentle Snow knew Hidden Cloud. It seems she has a few of her own secrets.

Shi Feng glanced at the four people behind Hidden Cloud. These four were Hidden Cloud’s brothers-in-arms. Every one of them was extraordinary. Even in the Dark Arena, they would be considered first-class experts. It was also thanks to these four people that Hidden Cloud had reached his current position so quickly.

However, one thing confused Shi Feng.

If Gentle Snow was acquainted with such a powerful existence, it should have been quite easy to secure the position of Ouroboros’s Guild Leader during the previous mutiny, so much so that, if Hidden Cloud had made an appearance, Cao Chenghua and the Elders backing him would have surrendered. After all, it was well known that Hidden Cloud greatly valued his relationships. He had even extinguished a large Guild just to help a brother earn a woman’s affections.

Judging by Gentle Snow’s tone and expression when she spoke to Hidden Cloud, her brother should have a very close relationship with this man. Yet, in the past, Gentle Snow had still left the virtual gaming world eventually. This was truly a mystery.

While Shi Feng pondered this riddle, Gentle Snow turned Shi Feng and smiled, saying, “Since you’ve only just learned about this, you most likely haven’t purchased an entry ticket, right? If you line up now, the tickets will probably sell out before you get one. Why don’t you join us? You will regret it if you miss out on the auction.”

The Blackwing Auction House had organized the auction suddenly this time, and many Guilds had rushed to purchase entry tickets the moment they heard the news. Now that the auction would begin soon, it was most likely be impossible for Shi Feng to get his hands on a ticket.

Shi Feng had helped her earn a fortune in the Dark Arena. She had significantly increased Ouroboros’s liquid assets because of it. Although Shi Feng did not know that, Gentle Snow still thought that she should return the favor. After all, aside from helping her earn money, Shi Feng had also helped her secure Ouroboros.

As soon as Gentle Snow extended the offer, Hidden Cloud’s expression darkened slightly, his gaze sharpening as he turned to Shi Feng.

“Thank you for your kind offer. However, I have another matter that I need to deal with first, so it is best if I don’t disturb you.”

Shi Feng did not wish to miss this rare opportunity. He needed to register his auction items quickly. As for whether or not he could enter the auction itself, that was not important. After all, his goal was to make money.

“How much time do you need?” Gentle Snow prodded.

“Roughly half an hour,” Shi Feng said as he glanced at the long queue. Although there were a lot of people at the registration counters, the registration process was simple and did not take very long. He should be able to finish what he needed in half an hour.

“That won’t be an issue. In any case, there is still some time before the auction officially begins. I can wait here for you in the meantime,” Gentle Snow offered after a moment of consideration.

“Alright, I’ll try to finish as quickly as possible.” Shi Feng nodded. Since Gentle Snow was willing to accommodate him, it would be rude to continue rejecting her offer.

There would certainly be many valuable items for sale at Blackwing City’s monthly auction. He might be able to purchase something good if he participated. If an Epic item were available, he would hit the jackpot.

“It sure is difficult to invite this man,” Gentle Snow sighed as she watched Shi Feng’s departing figure. This was the first time inviting someone had been so difficult.

However, shortly after Shi Feng left, Hidden Cloud secretly messaged one of his brothers, whispering, “Blaster, research that man called Ye Feng! Find out his origin! I want to know everything about him!”

“Boss, rest assured; I’ll get it done quickly.” The Berserker named Blaster smiled confidently. He then began rapidly searching through the forums for all information relating to Shi Feng. At the same time, he contacted a number of people to help him with the search.

—

At the registration counter:

After waiting for over twenty minutes, it was finally Shi Feng’s turn.

“Sir, how may I be of service to you today?” the NPC female receptionist asked, smiling.

“I wish to sell these items at this month’s auction,” Shi Feng said as he revealed a Strengthening Device.

“Alright, please wait for a moment,” the NPC receptionist received the Strengthening Device and began appraising it.

Not all items were allowed in the auctions held in the Blackwing Auction House. Items needed a certain value before being permitted. Hence, all items presented needed to undergo the system’s appraisal.

“I apologize for the long wait. Sir, the estimated minimum price for this item is 1 Gold 40 Silver. If you wish to sell this item at our Auction House, we will charge you a 30% handling fee. Do you wish to put it up for auction?” The female receptionist handed the Strengthening Device back to Shi Feng after she had finished.

Only Blackwing City’s auctions would charge a 30% handling fee. Other places charged 20% at most. Even so, Shi Feng did not mind it.

“Yes.” Shi Feng took out 2,000 Strengthening Devices and divided them into hundreds of auction lots, with each lot having anywhere from one to one hundred Strengthening Devices.

If he sold too many at once, it would only cheapen the Strengthening Device. The various large Guilds participating in this auction should be able to stomach 2,000 devices.

After dealing with the Strengthening Devices, Shi Feng ran to meet Gentle Snow. He then entered the auction venue with Gentle Snow and her companions, quietly waiting for the auction to start.

At this time, Blaster sent Hidden Cloud a private message, reporting, “Boss, we’ve learned everything there is to know about that brat.”