Chapter 847 - Strength That Surpasses Tiers

Chapter 847 – Strength that Surpasses Tiers

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“NPCs?”

Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo were surprised when Kite and Anna suddenly appeared.

Both Kite and Anna radiated an intense aura.

They felt suffocated as they stood so close to these two NPCs.

After not seeing them for some time, they sure have grown a lot. Shi Feng was quite satisfied when he looked at the handsome Kite and charming Anna. Both are Level 60 now. As expected of Dark-Gold Guards. Their growth rate sure is fast.

It was especially true for Anna’s improvement speed. Despite having become his Personal Guard a little later than Kite, she had caught up to her companion’s Level. Moreover, she had become a Tier 2 Summoner.

In God’s Domain, it was not that easy to nurture a powerful Personal Guard.

First and foremost, one required a large sum of money!

As Personal Guards were NPCs, they required far more EXP to level up than players. If players frequently brought their Personal Guards when they went out to grind, this would only hold back the NPCs’ growth rate.

If players wanted to let their Personal Guards level up and improve quickly, they had to let these Personal Guards accept quests at the Adventurer’s Association on their own. However, money was required when Personal Guards accepted a quest. Moreover, depending on the rank of the quest, the fee would also change. Although these Personal Guards would receive money, EXP, and other rewards after completing the quest, the player would receive none of it.

This was because Personal Guards would use the money they earned to purchase their own equipment and items. Unlike players, who had to obtain powerful equipment by raiding Dungeons, Personal Guards could purchase such items from the Adventurer’s Association or NPC-run weapons and equipment shops. However, Personal Guards could only use the money they earned themselves.

Hence, the first step to nurturing Personal Guards was to increase the amount of money they possessed, and they had to complete a lot of quests to obtain that money.

In the Adventurer’s Association, the quests Personal Guards could accept were categorized into Bronze, Mysterious-Iron, Secret-Silver, Fine-Gold, Dark-Gold, and Epic rank. The higher the rank the quest was, the more abundant the rewards were. Likewise, the fee players had to pay would be higher as well.

Currently, a Level 60 Bronze Quest required an application fee of 5 Gold, 10 Gold for Mysterious-Iron, 20 Gold for Secret-Silver, 40 Gold for Fine-Gold, 80 Gold for Dark-Gold, and 200 Gold for Epic.

As to whether the Personal Guard in question could complete the quest, that depended on the Personal Guard’s strength. For example, a Bronze Guard would have a 70% chance of completing a Bronze Quest, but they would only have a 40% chance to complete a Mysterious-Iron Quest and 10% chance for a Secret-Silver Quest.

However, one could increase a Personal Guard’s combat power through their equipment, increasing their quest success rate. Unfortunately, one needed time to gather the required resources.

However, Anna and Kite were different. Their innate potential was Dark-Gold rank. Even in basic equipment, they had a 50% chance of completing a Dark-Gold Quest. As long as their equipment was up to date, their success rate for completing a Dark-Gold Quest could easily exceed 80%. After their strength reached a certain degree, they could even challenge an Epic Quest.

Only, Epic Quests were not readily available. That depended on the daily updates of the Adventurer’s Association’s quest list.

As Shi Feng’s Personal Guards could accept much higher ranked quests than other players’ Personal Guards, their leveling speed was much faster.

“Ye Feng, are we really going to deal with the Crystal Wolf King?” Thoughtful Rain asked somewhat worriedly as she watched the high-spirited Shi Feng.

Although the two Level 60 Tier 2 NPCs were very powerful, the Crystal Wolf King was a Great Lord, an existence equivalent to a Tier 3 class.

“Relax. I’ve already investigated the Crystal Wolf King. The Boss’s Skills are buff-oriented. As long as Blue casts Dispel on it, our forces will be enough to take it down,” Shi Feng explained, chuckling.

This was not the first time he had dealt with the Crystal Wolf King. The Wolf King was powerful because of its speed. Even a top-tier MT of the same Level would find it difficult to respond to the Wolf King’s attacks. In addition, the Boss had a stackable Gain Skill that allowed it to grow stronger the longer it fought.

If they did not deal with this Gain buff appropriately, they would be annihilated.

However, if they dealt with the Boss’s Gain buff properly, with the strength of two Dark-Gold Guards, they should have no problems taking down the Crystal Wolf King.

Following which, Shi Feng led Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo to a cave.

A strong gale accosted the small team at the cave’s entrance. As they stepped into the cave, they heard the howling of a wolf. The howl echoed throughout the cave, causing the cave walls and floor to tremble.

In the next moment, a towering figure emerged from the depths of the dark, spacious cave.

The figure stood over ten meters tall. Baring its snow-white fangs, a hint of bloodlust flashed in the figure’s crimson eyes as it overlooked Shi Feng’s group. The figure’s body was made entirely of crystals, and a green glow flashed where its heart should have been.

[Crystal Wolf King] (Elemental Being, Great Lord)

Level 50

HP 21,000,000/21,000,000

“Kite, you’ll tank the Wolf King. Anna, you’ll act as support. Blue, focus on healing Kite,” Shi Feng immediately commanded.

As Shi Feng gave his orders, the tall and robust Kite transformed into a gale as he dashed towards the Crystal Wolf King.

Kite only had 750,000 HP. Compared to the Great Lord, that was practically nothing. The Crystal Wolf King swung its razor-sharp claws, sending numerous streaks of silver light flying at the Sword Master. The silver lights were so fast that no ordinary player would have time to react.

However, rather than dodging, Kite unsheathed his two swords and brandished his weapons.

Peng… Peng… Peng…

The Guard shattered the flying, silver lights.

Kite released a low growl, and the two swords in his hands released a dazzling, blue glow. He then swung the weapons forward violently.

Tier 2 Skill, Wind Fang!

The two massive, blue fangs transformed into two streaks of light, instantly piercing the Crystal Wolf King’s body.

“Aooo!”

The Crystal Wolf King screamed in pain and retreated by two steps, two damages of over -100,000 points appearing its head. However, Kite was not done with his attacks. Immediately, he appeared before the Great Lord.

The Crystal Wolf King was furious. Baring its fangs, it swung its massive paw at Kite so fast that one could only see black shadows move towards the Sword Master.

Boom!

The earth shook.

However, the Wolf King’s paw never made contact with Kite’s body. Instead, Kite blocked the attack with one hand. Kite then countered with a slash towards the giant paw’s joint.

A streak of blue light struck the Wolf King’s paw, causing the Boss to lose over 20,000 HP.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, your Personal Guard is so strong!” Blue Bamboo’s eyes widened with surprise as she watched the fight.

She had seen many powerful Personal Guards before. However, all of the Tier 2 Personal Guards she had seen had even struggled to deal with a Lord, not to mention a Great Lord. They also required players’ assistance.

Yet, Kite could block this Great Lord’s attack with a single hand.

Shi Feng was similarly shocked.

He had never thought that Kite would be this powerful. The NPC had already grown to be capable of withstanding a Tier 3 monster’s attack. He even had slightly higher Strength than the Crystal Wolf King…

Only now did Shi Feng understand why those Super Guilds in the past had been so desperate to obtain a Dark-Gold Guard. If Kite was this strong right now, how powerful would he be when he reached Tier 5?

While Shi Feng watched, astonished, Anna, who stood a short distance away from the Crystal Wolf King, also began to attack. When her chanting came to an end…

Suddenly, a brilliant light filled the dark cave.

A massive, golden magic array had enveloped over half of the cave. Anna’s aura also grew by multiple times. Even Shi Feng, who stood far away from the Summoner, had trouble breathing in the dense aura.