Chapter 844 - Field Of Swords

Chapter 844: Field of Swords

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

“What? Don’t believe me?”

Upon seeing Shi Feng showing no signs of stopping, Quirrell hurriedly took off his Black Cloak and displayed his King’s Return Guild Emblem.

This sight momentarily stunned Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo.

“Why is someone from a Super Guild targeting us?” Thoughtful Rain was confused as she looked at the King’s Return’s emblem. She no longer possessed her previous joy at seeing Shi Feng defeating the Falcon Legion. On the contrary, she felt somewhat worried, instead.

Although she had come into contact with virtual reality games only recently, she still knew just how powerful an existence a Super Guild was.

In current society, virtual reality games had over a century of history already. The Super Guilds of virtual reality games were just like major celebrities. In the real world, one often saw news coverage of these existences. Hence, it was difficult for one not to know about them.

Among them, King’s Return operated slightly differently from other Super Guilds. The Guild would occasionally recruit expert players. Regarding popularity, King’s Return greatly surpassed the other Super Guilds. One could frequently hear news of certain powerful experts joining King’s Return. Hence, Thoughtful Rain had a certain degree of understanding of the Guild, and she knew just how wide the gap between Zero Wing and King’s Return was. Whether it was in terms of member count or number of experts, the two Guilds were on entirely different levels.

If a war were to break out between their two Guilds, it would be a disaster for Zero Wing.

“No wonder you guys dared to take action against Zero Wing’s members in Star-Moon Kingdom! So you’re a member of King’s Return.” Shi Feng finally understood what was going on. Because he had rejected King’s Return’s previous offer, the Guild was now targeting Zero Wing’s core members. However, he immediately smiled at Quirrell and asked, “But don’t you know who I am?”

Saying so, Shi Feng stored away his Black Cloak and revealed his original appearance.

“Ye Feng?!” Quirrell’s mouth slackened when he saw Shi Feng’s appearance. He simply could not bring himself to believe this was true.

Ye Feng was not as famous as Zero Wing’s Black Flame and was an existence known only among the major powers of God’s Domain…

But when speaking of strength…

Ye Feng was someone who had defeated Sirius, one of the Wolf Kings of the Battle Wolves Guild. After the fight at the Dark Arena, King’s Return had even created a database specifically for information on Ye Feng. Quirrell himself had watched the battle video between Ye Feng and Sirius, learning from it.

Hence, Quirrell recognized Ye Feng right off the bat.

However, although he had indeed recognized who his opponent was, his complexion turned even uglier than before.

Damn it! Why is my luck so horrible! To think I would actually encounter him here! At this moment, Quirrell was regretting the fact that he had revealed his own identity. If he had not exposed himself, he might still have a chance of surviving. Now, however, nothing he said would get him out of this situation alive.

Although he still had his Vanish Skill, even if he was stupider, he could tell that Invisibility Skills were useless against Shi Feng. Otherwise, Shi Feng would not have struck at the stealthed Assassins behind him without even the slightest bit of hesitation.

If even Stealth was ineffective, then wanting to escape in front of such an expert was nothing more than a pipe dream.

King’s Return had done detailed research on that battle at the Dark Arena and made a rough estimation of the Attributes of the two fighters already. In terms of Basic Attributes, he was considerably inferior to Ye Feng. Not to mention, speed was also one of Ye Feng’s strong points.

Quirrell’s face darkened at the sight of Shi Feng rushing over.

“Damn it! To think that I would have to use that opportunity now! I definitely won’t forgive you, Ye Feng! I will definitely massacre every core member of Zero Wing!” Quirrell bellowed. He then took out a purple crystal ball from his bag while continuously spewing venomous curses. “Just you wait! I, Quirrell, will definitely make you regret this day!”

In reality, the real reason he did not wish to die was the crystal ball in his hand.

This item was something he had obtained unexpectedly after completing one part of a chain quest. It was a one-time-use item. Moreover, it could only be stored in his bag and would drop upon death.

This item could directly transfer its user to a special space. Based on his research, that special space should be a sacred training ground capable of allowing players to improve their combat techniques and standards. Its effects should be even better than those of a Secret Technique tablet his Guild possessed. This item was something he had kept to himself.

Originally, he had intended to wait until he had grown stronger and had hit a bottleneck before going to that special space, because based on the information he obtained, that space was extremely dangerous. If he went there too soon, he would only be wasting this opportunity. Hence, he had always done things with great care, avoiding dangerous situations as much as possible. He had never expected that he would actually be forced to enter that special space due to the mission this time.

This crystal ball was his greatest opportunity to join the Guild’s upper echelon. Now, however, Shi Feng ruined all of his plans.

How could Quirrell not be angry?

Suddenly, an endless amount of Mana rapidly flowed into his body. A crack then appeared in the space behind him. Like a black hole, the spatial crack sucked the Assassin towards it.

“You think you can get away?” Shi Feng smiled with disdain. He switched the Aura of Fire to the Aura of Time and then activated Absolute Time.

Suddenly, the Mana within a radius of 100 yards stilled. The Mana surrounding Quirrell’s body also dissipated abruptly. Following which, the crack in space started mending itself.

“No!”

Quirrell was momentarily dumbfounded. In the next moment, his eyes turned bloodshot as he abruptly executed unique footwork and transformed into three identical copies of himself. These three copies then charged at Shi Feng maniacally.

The three indistinguishable copies of Quirrell continuously circled Shi Feng.

“Die!” All three Quirrells bellowed as they held their daggers in a reverse grip and stabbed them at Shi Feng.

Like a black whirlwind, the pitch-black daggers struck at Shi Feng from all directions.

Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo, who were watching this scene from afar, were stupefied.

They understood clearly that the phenomenon of the black whirlwinds they were seeing right now was not a result of a system-generated Skill. Instead, it was the result of a combat technique used by the player himself.

This was the first time they had seen such a situation. They were utterly clueless as to how the Assassin had achieved such a feat.

Compared to Quirrell, the experts they had encountered before were simply weaklings. It was no wonder Death Wind and Gunfire fell at Quirrell’s hands in just a few moves. He was practically a monster in human skin.

So he’s finally using his specialty, Whirlwind Strike? This sudden development did not surprise Shi Feng. After all, Quirrell was no stranger to him. In the past, Quirrell had been titled the Whirlwind Assassin. Although he had not been particularly famous during the early stages of God’s Domain, upon his promotion to King’s Return’s middle management, he began improving rapidly. In the end, he had even managed to become an Adjudicator of King’s Return. His strength back then had been extremely overbearing.

Not daring to be careless, Shi Feng chose to activate Thunder God’s Descent, which increased his Movement Speed and Attack Speed by 150% and damage dealt by 50%, as well as decreased all damage received by 50%.

Facing the stormlike dagger attacks, Shi Feng madly brandished his two swords.

Immediately, sparks scattered as the clangor of metal clashing against metal echoed throughout the surroundings multiple times.

Shi Feng had already reached the Void Realm. He had long since exerted his five senses to their limits. He read his surroundings like an open book. Even if it was an attack that was invisible to the naked eye, Shi Feng could still clearly perceive it and execute a timely response.

In the next moment, numerous streaks of blue and silver lights bloomed around Shi Feng’s body, forming an inviolable field. As long as the black daggers entered this field, they would immediately get repelled.

Since Quirrell had his Berserk Skill activated, the Assassin was superior to Shi Feng in Strength. Hence, Shi Feng would lose around 200 HP following each clash of their weapons. Fortunately, with Thunder God’s Descent, Shi Feng still had a clear speed advantage, so none of Quirrell’s attacks managed to penetrate his defense.

Aside from blocking all of Quirrell’s attacks, Shi Feng would also occasionally strike back at the Assassin, reaping a large chunk of the latter’s HP.

In reality, Shi Feng could have ended the battle instantly. However, he wanted to improve his own techniques by fighting the Assassin. Hence, he had not bothered using any of his Berserk Skills to increase his Attributes.

How can this be?! Why can’t I hit him?!

The more Quirrell fought, the more fearful he became. Despite having already activated his Berserk Skill, his Basic Attributes surpassing Shi Feng, he could not break through Shi Feng’s defense no matter what. On the other hand, Shi Feng managed to strike at his vital points time after time, whittling his HP chunk after chunk until it finally zeroed out.

As Quirrell fell reluctantly to the ground, he also dropped several items.