Chapter 848 - Frightening Dark-Gold Guard

Chapter 848: Frightening Dark-Gold Guard

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

What is this Spell?

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Shi Feng could feel the aura around Anna strengthening. Right now, it felt as if a Tier 3 NPC was standing before him. This was the first time Shi Feng had seen such a Spell.

Tier 3 NPCs were generally tasked to defend a city. Even in a major city like White River City, they would be considered top-class individuals. Players would find it difficult to meet one.

Shi Feng immediately called out Anna’s Skill Menu.

What?! She’s grasped a Tier 2 Curse already?! Shi Feng was extremely shocked when he saw the list displayed on the Skill Menu.

Anna’s growth potential was incredible.

Previously, Shi Feng had checked Kite’s Skill Menu. Although the Sword Master had learned quite a number of Tier 2 Skills, he had picked up just one Tier 2 Taboo Skill. Moreover, he had obtained this Taboo Skill only after completing many quests. In contrast, Anna actually already possessed two Tier 2 Curses right now.

Moreover, one of them was even a Curse Shi Feng had never heard before.

Song of Summoning!

Not only would the Curse forcefully upgrade the caster to Tier 3 temporarily, but it would also summon a Golden Giant, a Tier 3 creature.

In the next moment, an endless amount of Mana began gathering at the center of the golden magic array.

After roughly three seconds, the large supply of Mana condensed into a Golden Giant over ten meters tall. The giant was fully equipped with golden armor, and it carried a giant golden axe on its back.

[Golden Giant] (Elemental Being, Great Lord) Level 60 HP 30,000,000/30,000,000

Shi Feng was ecstatic when he saw the Golden Giant.

Anna’s performance was simply terrific. Despite being only a Tier 2 NPC, she was already capable of summoning a Tier 3 creature. Moreover, Anna herself had also reached the standard of a Tier 3, albeit temporarily. With this, dealing with a Tier 3 monster of the same Level would be child’s play for her.

In the next moment, the Golden Giant charged at the Crystal Wolf King and swung its golden axe. However, the speed of the Giant’s axe was not particularly fast. As a result, the Wolf King managed to block the weapon in time using its paw.

Boom!

The impact of the collision sent the Wolf King flying, and then its body slammed heavily into the ground. The paw it defended itself with trembled uncontrollably as well. At this moment, when the Wolf King looked at the Golden Giant, its eyes were filled with fear.

Not only had the Crystal Wolf King gone flying from this frontal clash, but it had also suffered over -5,000 damage from the resulting impact. If the Wolf King had not blocked the Golden Giant’s axe, the damage it received from the Golden Giant would have definitely exceeded the damage Kite had inflicted.

A single Golden Giant was already more than enough to deal with the Crystal Wolf King. After including Kite’s targeted strikes at the Wolf King’s weak points, the Crystal Wolf King immediately fell into an absolute disadvantage. In the end, it could only accept its fate, serving as a punching bag.

It seems my plans were unnecessary. Shi Feng laughed involuntarily as he looked at the Crystal Wolf King’s constantly decreasing HP.

He finally got to experience how those players had felt when they obtained a Dark-Gold Guard of their own. Initially, he had still planned on taking action himself. Now, however, it would seem that his plans were utterly superfluous. If he were to join the fray as well, he would be bullying the Crystal Wolf King.

However, he had to admit that it indeed felt awesome to have a Dark-Gold Guard!

He could practically level up even while lying down and doing nothing.

Even if he were a player who did not know how to fight, he could simply rely on his Personal Guard to help him level up.

It’s no wonder those players back then had invested all their money into nurturing these Dark-Gold Guards. Shi Feng could not help but think back to those players who had been lucky enough to obtain Dark-Gold Guards in the past. It turns out that the difference in strength is actually so massive.

Logically, if one possessed such a powerful guard, grinding, leveling up, and earning money should be a piece of cake.

After all, Field Bosses were practically walking ATMs to players with Dark-Gold Guards. Generally, Guilds would have to organize large expeditions to raid these powerful Field Bosses. They even had to make enormous sacrifices to take down these Bosses. On the other hand, the only task players with Dark-Gold Guards had to do was search for Field Bosses. They could leave everything else to their Personal Guards to handle.

Even if it took two or three days to locate a single Field Boss, once they killed the Boss, its loot would be all theirs for the keeping. Their income would definitely be far above that of experts of God’s Domain.

Yet, in the past, any player that possessed a relatively good Personal Guard in God’s Domain was extremely poor.

This was because these Personal Guards were no different from a bottomless pit. If the equipment and Skills of a Personal Guard did not improve along with the increase in their Levels, then raiding Field Bosses of the same Level would become much more dangerous. After all, unlike NPCs, monsters didn’t need equipment. As long as their Levels increased, their Attributes would increase significantly as well. In contrast, a Personal Guard’s strength was not dependent on just their Attributes. They also relied heavily on their equipment and Skills. They needed to continually improve themselves in order to go up against Bosses of the same Level.

When players died, at worst, they would lose a single Level and a piece of equipment. However, the death of Personal Guards was different. Not only would they lose many Levels, but their revival would also take a very long time. Not to mention, the cost of reviving Personal Guards could sting even top-tier experts. Hence, to reduce the possibility of their guards dying, players in the past would try to increase the strength of their Personal Guards as much as possible.

Time flowed by quickly. While under the observation of Shi Feng and the others…

Since Blue Bamboo had dispelled all the Gain buffs cast by the Crystal Wolf King on itself, its HP quickly fell to 30%. Right just then, the Wolf King’s crimson eyes suddenly gave off a bloody glow, its half-transparent crystal body gradually turning crimson as well.

“Blue, hurry up and use the scroll! Rain, you and I will join the battle!” Shi Feng instructed hurriedly.

Once the Crystal Wolf King’s HP fell below 30%, it would stop using the Tier 2 Buff Skill and start using the Tier 3 Gain Skill, instead. Just the first stack of the buff could increase the Wolf King’s Strength and speed by 10%, while subsequent stacks would further enhance its Strength and speed by 10%, up to a maximum of 30 stacks. In other words, the Crystal Wolf King’s Strength and speed could increase by as much as 300%. At that point, even a Grand Lord of the same Level would not be a match for it.

Hence, they needed to finish off the Crystal Wolf King before things got out of hand.

Only, its Gain buffs stacked up very quickly. It would gain a stack once every 10 seconds. If nobody removed this buff, in just two minutes’ time, the Crystal War Wolf’s strength could rival a Grand Lord.

“Got it!” At this time, Blue Bamboo retrieved a Magic Scroll from her bag and began amplifying her Dispel.

As the first stack of buff got removed, Shi Feng activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power and began attacking from the Crystal Wolf King’s side.

Thundering Flash!

Chop!

Earth Splitter!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

…

One Skill after another landed on the Crystal Wolf King, each one dealing around -10,000 to -20,000 damage to the Great Lord.

In contrast, Thoughtful Rain was not faring particularly well. The Crystal War Wolf was an Elemental Being, so it possessed relatively high Magic Resistance in addition to its own Defense. Thoughtful Rain’s attacks very rarely dealt over -3,000 damage to the Great Lord.

When the Crystal Wolf King’s HP fell below 3,000,000, Kite executed the Tier 2 Taboo Skill, Hurricane’s Descent. Anna also stopped holding back as she cast the Tier 2 Curse, Judgment of Light.

A gray cyclone promptly appeared in the sky, and like a sharp blade, it stabbed directly at the Crystal Wolf King. As for Anna’s Judgment of Light, when she completed the Curse, it called forth a Battle Angel into the battlefield. The moment the Battle Angel appeared, she threw a sacred golden spear at the Wolf King.

Boom!

-1,045,137.

-1,274,646.

Instantly, two massive damages appeared above the Crystal Wolf King’s head, forcing an agonized howl out of the Great Lord. The Wolf King then fell to the ground, its body paralyzed. It had obviously suffered massive injuries from the two attacks and entered a Weakened state for a short period.

The tremendous amounts of damages thoroughly stunned Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo.

Naturally, Shi Feng would not let this golden opportunity pass. He immediately activated Divine Providence followed by Flame Burst.

When he finished executing his fifteen consecutive attacks, the Crystal Wolf King collapsed to the ground, its body completely motionless.