Chapter 840 - Magic Staff

Chapter 840: Magic Staff

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

Just when Shi Feng noticed Ordinary Stranger and Thunder Tiger, the two of them caught sight of Shi Feng.

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Brat, I don’t know how you suddenly appeared here, but since you’ve come to this place, you can only consider yourself unlucky,” Thunder Tiger, who had hidden his identity and appearance, said when he suddenly saw the similarly anonymous Shi Feng. Taking the initiative, he walked towards Shi Feng. “All this waiting around has made me annoyed. Old Stranger, you better not make a move. I’m gonna use this brat here to relieve some of my stress.”

“Sure, but the equipment he drops will belong to me,” Ordinary Stranger laughed.

Ordinary Stranger had discovered Shi Feng’s presence the instant Shi Feng had appeared. Initially, he had thought that a powerful enemy had shown up. However, after some close observation, he did not sense any threat coming from beneath the Black Cloak. On the contrary, he had noticed many holes in Shi Feng’s defense. If not for Thunder Tiger declaring his claim, Ordinary Stranger would have long since taken action to remove this ant.

However, even if the opponent were an expert, it would not matter.

Thunder Tiger was a top-tier expert of King’s Return. Currently, he was already Level 38. Placed in Star-Moon Kingdom, his Level would rank within the top ten. Not to mention, he was fully geared in Level 35 Dark-Gold Equipment. His maximum HP was as high as 14,600. His combat standard was also at the Refinement Realm already. Dealing with two or three ordinary experts simultaneously would be child’s play for him.

Even if the opponent were an expert of the same combat standards, Thunder Tiger was a Refinement Realm expert of King’s Return. The Guild had long since presented the Berserker with a Berserk Skill. As long as Thunder Tiger activated this Berserk Skill, he could kill a Refinement Realm expert easily. He could even defeat a Flowing Water Realm expert.

In the off chance that Thunder Tiger was no match for this new arrival, Ordinary Stranger himself could still back up the Berserker.

If he and Thunder Tiger worked together, they would be practically invincible in Star-Moon Kingdom. Only Zero Wing’s Black Flame and Ye Feng could cause them to feel fear. No one else was worth mentioning.

As soon as Ordinary Stranger finished speaking, Thunder Tiger retrieved a two-handed saber from his back and used Charge at Shi Feng.

When using Charge, controlling the sudden increase in speed was extremely difficult for ordinary players. As a result, they would usually reveal flaws in their attack. However, Thunder Tiger was different. He had long since mastered this Skill. By adjusting his center of gravity, he had managed to apply his increased speed to his attack, creating his own charging slash.

He had transformed a system-generated Skill into a personal Skill.

Not only did his saber speed up, but the power contained within it also increased. Even a Shield Warrior of the same Level would have to retreat several steps, breaking their stance.

Boom!

As the two-handed saber landed, sparks scattered into the surroundings.

A silver one-handed sword actually stopped Thunder Tiger’s lightning-fast saber.

What?! Thunder Tiger was shocked as he stared at Shi Feng standing steadily in his original position.

The charging slash getting blocked did not come as a surprise to Thunder Tiger. However, this was his first time to encounter an enemy who could remain standing steadily after receiving his charging slash. Even Broken City, an Elder of King’s Return, had to retreat half a step after receiving this attack of his. This situation was simply inconceivable.

“Tiger, be careful! We’ve got a tough one!” Ordinary Stranger warned hurriedly after realizing that their enemy this time was no common player. As he began casting a Spell, he added, “We’ll deal with him together.”

“I understand.” Thunder Tiger’s expression had turned serious as well, the contempt he felt before disappearing completely. He promptly used Whirlwind Slash in an attempt to drive Shi Feng away.

However, as soon as he started swinging his gray saber, a streak of blue light struck his weapon. A crack in space also appeared along the path the blue light had taken.

Peng!

Thunder Tiger felt his hands going numb as his saber came to an abrupt halt. It felt as if he had just struck an iron wall. Immediately after, however, a powerful impact shook him, forcing him to retreat four steps before he could stabilize his body.

Damage of -1,338 points appeared above the Berserker’s head; he had instantly lost close to 10% of his HP.

“Who are you?” At this moment, even if Thunder Tiger were a fool, he would understand that the man before him was definitely stronger than himself.

In just a single exchange of Skills, he had lost over 1,000 HP. Shi Feng’s Strength could practically rival a Chieftain of the same Level.

Before Thunder Tiger could react, a streak of blue light instantly slashed his body. Although the Berserker had tried to defend himself with his saber, he was simply no match for the speed of the sword light.

-7,151.

The Lightning effect having triggered, Shi Feng’s attack instantly took away half of Thunder Tiger’s HP. The Berserker himself also went flying over ten yards away.

“Who am I?” At this time, Shi Feng laughed. “You dared to come and find trouble with Zero Wing, yet you still ask who I am?”

Hearing Shi Feng saying so…

Whether it was Thunder Tiger or Ordinary Stranger, both of them immediately shuddered as a name appeared in their minds.

Sword King Black Flame!

Why is he here? Ordinary Stranger’s expression darkened, his heart roiling with confusion. Their operation this time was top-secret. They had even placed a Soul Lock on the targets of their ambush. The two women should have no way of contacting anyone from Zero Wing. Hence, the possibility of them encountering Black Flame here was practically nonexistent. Yet, now, Black Flame had appeared before them.

However, Ordinary Stranger gave no further thought to this matter.

Since Black Flame was here, there was only one thing they could do right now.

Escape!

They had next to no chance of winning against Black Flame in a direct confrontation. Their only hope for resisting Black Flame was to meet up with the Falcon Legion.

In the next moment, Ordinary Stranger waved his staff and cast the Tier 1 Spell Summon Flame Spirit.

A Level 38 Special Elite Flame Lizard appeared immediately.

Following which, he used one of the Activatable Skills of his Magic Staff, Undead Sacrifice.

Suddenly, the Flame Lizard let out an agonized wail as the red flames covering its body turned into an emerald green, its body doubling in size. Its rank had increased from Special Elite to Lord as well.

[Undead Lizard] (Undead, Lord) Level 38 HP 3,600,000/3,600,000

Such a powerful monster was more than enough to deal with a top-tier expert. Moreover, as a Summoner, he could form a Soul Link with his summoned creature, which allowed him to transfer 50% of the damage he received to it.

However, Ordinary Stranger knew quite well that even with the Undead Lizard, Thunder Tiger and he were still no match for Shi Feng. They had a very clear understanding of just how powerful experts of Shi Feng’s standard were. He had summoned the Undead Lizard only to delay Shi Feng.

The Undead Lizard was a speed-type monster. At the same time, it possessed multiple Control Skills. It could surely pin down Shi Feng and give them an opportunity to escape.

“Retreat!”

Ordinary Stranger waved his staff and shot Elemental Bullets at Shi Feng. Simultaneously, he willed the Undead Lizard forward to attack Shi Feng.

Thunder Tiger no longer held back, either, as he activated his Berserk Skill, Heart of Fury. The Skill instantly increased his Strength by 80%, his Endurance by 50%, and his Movement Speed and Attack Speed by 50% for two minutes. After activating his Berserk Skill, Thunder Tiger turned around and fled without hesitation.

Looking at the oncoming Elemental Bullets and Undead Lizard, Shi Feng sneered and said, “Don’t you think it’s a little too late to be escaping now?”

Saying so, he abruptly stabbed the Abyssal Blade into the ground.