Chapter 845 - Five Great Legacies

Chapter 845 – Five Great Legacies

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

When Quirrell died, Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo, who had watched quietly from afar, were astonished.

When they looked at Shi Feng again, shock filled their eyes.

They felt as if the man before them was a stranger; this was the first time they ever truly understood Shi Feng’s strength.

Those two were simply too strong!

Words alone were no longer sufficient to describe this level of strength. This was the first time they had ever witnessed such an intense battle. Their eyes had not been fast enough to keep up with the combatants’ speed, let alone their bodies. If they had fought Quirrell, the battle would’ve ended as soon as it had begun.

In the end, however, Shi Feng was still superior.

“Big Brother Ye Feng is so strong! If I had even half of his skill, I could defeat Autumn Goose!” Excitement filled Blue Bamboo’s eyes as she stared at Shi Feng.

Thoughtful Rain could not help herself from laughing when she heard her friend’s words.

When they were usually out in the fields adventuring and questing, Blue Bamboo was always lazy. She was never particularly interested in fighting and would generally stay in the back to heal the members of their party. Although they had advised her many times to brush up on her combat techniques, she never bothered to do so. Instead, she usually replied by saying that it would be fine so long as she had good equipment and that she didn’t need good combat techniques.

Thoughtful Rain had never thought that the girl would be mesmerized by this one battle’s combat techniques.

“Alright, enough daydreaming. Let’s head over there. It’s too dangerous to stay here,” Thoughtful Rain said, laughing.

—

She Feng began to collect his loot.

Naturally, an elite squadron from King’s Return, led by an expert like Quirrell, possessed excellent equipment. Every piece of equipment they dropped was Level 35 Dark-Gold quality. Each item was worth dozens of Gold. In total, he had gained several hundred Gold’s worth of equipment.

“Huh? What’s this?”

While Shi Feng looked over the loot he had placed in his bag, he discovered a glowing, purple crystal ball. Among the many weapons and equipment that dropped, it was eye-catching. Moreover, Shi Feng felt a faint hint of pressure from this crystal ball, a very familiar pressure.

Divine Might!

It was a special power that only Gods could wield.

“This is interesting.” Shi Feng took out the crystal ball and observed it carefully.

[Spatial Transfer Orb] (Consumable)

Able to send one player to a mysterious Otherworld. This item can only be stored in the bag. Drops upon death.

There were very few items in God’s Domain capable of sending players to an Otherworld.

Based on Shi Feng’s understanding, every item that could transfer players to an Otherworld was considered an absolute treasure. Even an Epic item was not as valuable.

In God’s Domain, an Otherworld was the equivalent of a Dungeon. Only, this Dungeon was a lot larger than generic Dungeons. Otherworlds also offered far more bountiful rewards.

The lowest reward one could obtain in an Otherworld was an Epic item. Some people had even obtained Fragmented Legendary items in the past, while others earned Super Skills and such. To put it simply, all of the rewards one could gain in an Otherworld could significantly improve a player’s strength.

It’s no wonder why he had tried so hard to live. He obtained a chance to head to an Otherworld. I wonder what rank this Otherworld is? When Shi Feng recalled the Quirrell’s deranged expression as the Assassin fought, he could not help but chuckle. He would have fought desperately to live, too. Quirrell hadn’t been particularly famous in King’s Return during the early stages of the game, either. However, after joining the Guild’s middle management, his progress had suddenly skyrocketed. It was as if he had become an entirely different person. His progress might very well be related to this thing.

There were many Otherworlds in God’s Domain. Based on the Main God System’s categorization, Otherworlds fell into Common, Epic, and Legendary rank, with each one being larger than the previous. Each rank also offered players greater benefits. A Common Otherworld alone could massively impact a player’s growth. By visiting a Common Otherworld, an ordinary player could instantly become an expert. There was no need to mention Epic or Legendary Otherworlds.

However, the majority of the Otherworlds in God’s Domain were Common rank. Even so, many desperately wished to encounter one, but alas, many failed.

In the past, when players had discovered Otherworlds, the various large Guilds had frantically searched for clues relating to them in the hopes of nurturing a large batch of their own experts. After all, there were innumerable Guilds in the virtual gaming world. Not every one of them could nurture their own experts. With such a golden opportunity available, the various large Guilds could not let it slip through their fingers.

In the past, a top-tier expert had sold an opportunity to go to an Otherworld at an auction.

Although the Otherworld in question had only been Common rank, the various large Guilds fought over it like a pack of wolves. In the end, Summer’s Emerald, a first-rate Guild, had won the transfer tool for 15,000 Gold. Everyone who had participated in that auction had been stunned. After all, during that time, a single Epic item had only sold for around two or three thousand Gold. With that much money, one could easily purchase five or six Epic items.

One could also use 15,000 Gold to purchase a good plot of Land. Yet, Summer’s Emerald had used that money to purchase a Common Otherworld, which was the equivalent of a single Epic item. Wasting so much money was the epitome of foolishness.

Yet, nobody could have ever imagined that, in the end, Summer’s Emerald would profit from the exchange.

The Guild had only obtained a single Epic Weapon, which was worth roughly 6,000 Gold, from the Common Otherworld. That had been far less than the money it had spent. However, thanks to the adventures in the Otherworld, Summer’s Emerald had also gained a Void Realm expert. The outcome had made many Guilds regret not fighting harder during the auction.

From then on, transfer tools to Otherworlds became extraordinarily precious.

Even Shi Feng, who had been the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild, had invested a long amount of time before he had gotten his hands on a Common Otherworld transfer tool. Although he had not experienced breakthrough during his visit, his combat techniques had improved significantly.

What a strange transfer tool. It doesn’t have a rank displayed. Even after observing with Omniscient Eyes, Shi Feng had not discerned the purple crystal ball’s rank. This was the first time he had encountered such a situation.

However, although there was no rank displayed, the crystal ball reminded Shi Feng of something.

Otherworld transfer tools.

This was a good option to cultivate Guild experts.

The general populace had yet to learn of Otherworlds. They were also not well-known by the various large Guilds. Hence, none of the Guilds were bothering to look for clues regarding Otherworlds.

Although Shi Feng only knew five or six clues, no one else had obtained any of these Otherworld transfer tools. He could head out to search for them. Once he obtained these Otherworld transfer tools, he might be able to increase the number of Zero Wing’s Refinement Realm experts.

As Blue Bamboo walked over, her eyes practically shone as she looked at Shi Feng. Patting her ample chest, she said, “Big Brother Ye Feng, it is truly a blessing to meet you here! If not for you, Rain and I would have suffered. From today on, I’ve decided to work hard to improve myself! Big Brother Ye Feng, can you teach me how to fight, please?”

“I only hurried over here after hearing from Autumn Goose that you were ambushed. Fortunately, I made it in time. It is a good thing that you wish to learn how to fight. Unfortunately, as I am not a Cleric, I am not particularly clear as to how Clerics should fight. However, I can have Violet teach you. Her combat standard ranks at the very top of our Guild.” Shi Feng chuckled.

“Really?!” Blue Bamboo’s eyes flashed with excitement when she heard this. She had only made the comment as a joke. She knew full well just how busy Shi Feng was. How could he possibly have time to teach her? However, she had not expected to get a chance to learn from her idol. She felt as if she were dreaming.

“Of course. When have I ever lied?” Shi Feng nodded. “By the way, why did you two come to the Crystal Forest? Didn’t you already finish your quest?”

“We thought we had finished it. However, after I handed the quest in, I received another special quest that requires me to collect a Crystal Heart. However, we have yet to obtain it,” Thoughtful Rain explained.

“Crystal Heart? What kind of quest is this?” Shi Feng was slightly surprised. He knew how to obtain the Crystal Heart; one had to kill the Crystal Wolf King. The quest was not easy to complete alone.

Thoughtful Rain then sent Shi Feng the quest details.

“How did you receive this quest?!” Shi Feng could not help his shock upon reading the quest introduction.

The quest Thoughtful Rain had accepted was no ordinary quest. Rather, it was one of Star-Moon Kingdom’s Five Great Legacy Quests.

The Witch’s Sin!