Chapter 846 - Witch'S Sin

Chapter 846 – Witch’s Sin

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

When Shi Feng read the quest introduction, he wondered if he had read it wrong.

However, after reading it a few more times, he was 100% certain that this quest was one of Star-Moon Kingdom’s Five Great Legacy Quests.

“Is this quest very difficult?” Thoughtful Rain asked when she saw Shi Feng’s shocked expression.

“I can’t say for certain, but it should be more difficult than an Epic Quest,” Shi Feng explained. “Just for the first phase of your quest, you have to kill the Crystal Wolf King to obtain the Crystal Heart.”

There were many Legacies in God’s Domain.

However, in Star-Moon Kingdom, there were five Legacies know to be the strongest. The Witch’s Sin was one of them. These Five Great Legacies were all Peak Legacies. Unfortunately, there was no concrete method to triggering any of these Five Great Legacies’ quests. It was highly possible for one to trigger the quest after completing an ordinary Quest.

Those who encountered these Five Great Legacy Quests were extremely lucky. They were the system’s pampered children.

After all, Peak Legacies were extraordinary. As long as one succeeded in their class change, they would improve their strength tremendously. Until now, throughout Zero Wing, only Shi Feng and Violet Cloud had managed to obtain a hidden class. One could just imagine how rare hidden classes were.

However, stumbling upon one of Star-Moon Kingdom’s Five Great Legacies and completing one were completely different matters. Most importantly, there would be frightening consequences if one failed the quest after accepting it.

Those who failed a Basic Legacy Quest would, at worst, be barred from logging into the game for a certain amount of time. They could continue challenging the quest once they were able to log back into the game. As for Legacies that provided hidden classes[1], players only had one chance. Failing these Legacy Quests usually resulted in a single death. However, the punishment for failing the Five Great Legacy Quests was extremely severe. Not only would one lose three Levels, but they would also enter a Weakened state for ten days.

However, this was only the tip of the iceberg. The worst part about failing one of the Five Great Legacy Quests was that one would permanently lose some of their Luck Attribute…

The Luck Attribute was a Hidden Attribute. Normally, it was difficult to increase the Attribute by one or two points. If a player permanently lost some of their Luck as a result of failing the Legacy Quest, it would massively impact their performance in various aspects such as their drop-rate when opening Treasure Chests and grinding monsters.

Due to this, the Five Great Legacies of Star-Moon Kingdom had been extremely famous in the past. There was only a thin line separating heaven and hell.

On the surface, they were known as the Five Great Legacies. Secretly, however, players knew them as the Five Great Curses.

In the past, many players had obtained the Five Great Legacy Quests of Star-Moon Kingdom. However, based on Shi Feng’s knowledge, Gentle Snow was the only one who had completed one of the quests. He had never heard of anyone else. One could just imagine how difficult the quests were.

Correspondingly, however, when Gentle Snow had obtained one of the Five Great Legacies, she had risen to fame in God’s Domain instantly. In field and Guild battles, she had killed plenty of top-tier experts and had even killed apex experts. Unfortunately, she had suddenly disappeared from the game, and the incident became one of God’s Domain’s unresolved mysteries.

If Gentle Snow had not left God’s Domain, many people speculated that she would have become a Tier 6 God-ranked expert in Star-Moon Kingdom. Many players could not help but sigh at how unfortunate the situation was.

Hence, when Shi Feng saw that Thoughtful Rain had accepted the Legacy Quest for the Witch’s Sin, he was both excited and worried.

“More difficult than an Epic Quest?” Thoughtful Rain’s eyes widened when she heard this, and inwardly, she smiled bitterly.

Up until now, she had completed many quests in God’s Domain, so she understood one thing very well. The more difficult a quest was, the more difficult its punishment for failure would be. There was nothing good in accepting a quest that was beyond her abilities.

A player would suffer if they failed an Epic Quest. If she failed a quest that was even more difficult than an Epic Quest, she did not dare to imagine the consequences awaiting her.

“There is no need to get too hung up about it. The quest has a time limit of three months. You still have three months to grow stronger and complete this quest. During this period, how do you feel about training with the Guild’s main force?” Shi Feng asked.

Even Shi Feng didn’t know the finer details of the Five Great Legacy Quests. However, since it was a Legacy Quest, Shi Feng was sure of one thing: players had to rely on their own strength to pass the quest’s final phase. If one were strong enough, it would not be too difficult to complete the Legacy Quest.

Based on what Shi Feng remembered, Gentle Snow had completed her Legacy Quest when she had reached the Flowing Water Realm.

As long as Thoughtful Rain could also reach the Flowing Water Realm, she should have no problems completing the final test. At that time, Zero Wing would have another player with a hidden class.

“I can join in the training?” Thoughtful Rain could not help her surprise when she heard Shi Feng’s offer.

The treatment Zero Wing’s main force enjoyed was far from ordinary. The Magic Crystals they received each day alone even made experts like Autumn Goose drool.

One could use Magic Crystals to challenge the Trial Tower inside the Divine Colosseum and improve their combat standards. The Magic Crystal was an absolute hard currency. However, it’s supply was low, and it was difficult to obtain even if one had the money.

Large Guilds would generally supply their main force members with around three to five Magic Crystals each day. However, Zero Wing gave its main force members 15 crystals per day. In other words, Zero Wing’s main force members could challenge the Trial Tower up to 15 times each day. Even the members of large Guilds could not catch up to their development speed.

Moreover, based on what she had heard, Zero Wing’s main force members also got to watch all sorts of battle videos. These battle videos included expert battles that were not available on the internet. In addition, they could also spar against top-tier experts like Fire Dance.

However, the most amazing part about being a member of Zero Wing’s main force was the rumored Hundred Berry Wine.

Although she did not know the purpose of the Hundred Berry Wine, she knew that even the main force members fought over this item like crazy. Some were even willing to trade a large amount of Guild Contribution Points and Magic Crystals for it. However, those who obtained the Hundred Berry Wine would never trade them. Instead, they consumed the beverage secretly. One could just imagine how valuable the item was.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, can I train with the main force as well?” Blue Bamboo asked sweetly as she batted her eyelashes.

“Sure, but let me say this first: you two are only reserve members. If you fail the exam three times, you’ll be kicked out of the team,” Shi Feng strictly informed the women.

“Thank you, Big Brother Ye Feng! When Autumn and the others hear about this, they will die from envy!” Blue Bamboo could not help but giggle when she thought about the benefits the main force members enjoyed.

“Right, how long will it take before you two are released from your locked state?” Shi Feng asked.

“Roughly two hours,” Thoughtful Rain replied after she took a look at her status window.

Although their enemies were already dead, the Soul Lock debuff was in effect. They were still stuck in a combat state and could not use a Return Scroll to leave.

“Blue, have you learned the Dispel Skill?” Shi Feng asked Blue Bamboo.

Cleric’s Dispel Skill was not mainstream. Moreover, the Skill was relatively rare. Very few Clerics had it. However, this Skill had a miraculous effect when raiding certain Bosses.

Dispel could remove a positive buff from an enemy. To Bosses who loved buffing themselves, this was the equivalent of yanking out their fangs and claws. The Crystal Wolf King was one such Boss.

“Mhm. I bought one from the Auction House and learned it already,” Blue Bamboo said and nodded strangely.

“Good. Has it reached Tier 1 yet?” Shi Feng had dealt with the Crystal Wolf King many times before. If one used a Tier 0 Dispel, at most, they could remove a few Tier 2 buffs. Only a Tier 1 Dispel could remove buffs from Tier 3 Skills.

“This… not yet. I don’t use this Skill very often,” Blue Bamboo answered awkwardly.

“Take these Magic Scrolls. When the time comes, use them before you use Dispel,” Shi Feng said. He then took out five golden Tier 1 Magic Scrolls from his bag and handed them to Blue Bamboo.

These five Magic Scrolls were Spell Amplification Scrolls. Each one could upgrade a Spell up to Tier 1.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, what am I supposed to do with these?” Blue Bamboo was even more confused now.

“We’re getting ready to kill the Crystal Wolf King, of course,” Shi Feng responded casually.

“Kill the Crystal Wolf King?” Blue Bamboo was stunned. Thoughtful Rain was also at a loss for words.

They had already seen the Crystal Wolf King. It was a Level 50 Great Lord. With just the three of them, challenging it would be tantamount to suicide.

However, ignoring the two women’s shock, Shi Feng retrieved two contracts from his bag and began to chant an incantation.

“Emerge!”

Immediately, two Teleportation Magic Arrays appeared on the ground.

Following a flash of silver light, two figures, a man and a woman, emerged from the two magic arrays.

These two were none other than Kite and Anna, Shi Feng’s Personal Guards.

TL Notes:

[1]hidden class: Only the classes provided by Intermediate Legacies and above are considered hidden classes, as mentioned in Chapter 378.