Chapter 859 - Design Of Astronomical Value

Chapter 859 – Design of Astronomical Value

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

At this moment, Shi Feng was using his original appearance instead of disguising himself as Black Flame.

When Sinned Heart saw Shi Feng walking over, even his usually calm self grew slightly nervous.

His reaction wasn’t just because of the matter of Snow Field City. Rather, it was due to the massive pressure he felt from Shi Feng like nothing before.

The last time he had met Shi Feng, he could clearly sense a hint of danger coming from the Swordsman that made him feel as if he was standing before a ferocious beast. Now, however, instead of danger, he felt relaxed while standing in Shi Feng’s presence. He could not feel any threat coming from the Swordsman at all.

Sinned Heart had experienced many things since childhood, so he was very knowledgeable about one thing.

The true danger was not the one that could be perceived but rather what could not be perceived.

“Sorry to keep you waiting,” Shi Feng apologized. “Let’s go carry out the exchange right now, then.”

“Brother Ye Feng, I wish to change the contents of our exchange. Will that be alright with you?” Sinned Heart said, having given the matter some thought.

“Change the contents of the exchange?” Shi Feng feigned surprise. “What changes do you wish to make?”

“I believe Brother Ye Feng must have already heard about what happened in the Twin Towers Kingdom. Currently, you could say that Snow Field City is already finished. The Land there has naturally become worthless as well. Brother Ye Feng, you’ve treated me so sincerely all this time, so I naturally can’t take advantage of you,” Sinned Heart said. He then took out a tattered, old drawing from his bag and unfurled it on the table. “I’ve never told anybody about this item before. Originally, I had planned on using it to make a comeback. Now, however, I wish to sell it to you.”

At Sinned Heart’s tense expression, Shi Feng shifted his gaze to the drawing on the table.

“Engineering Locomotive!” Shi Feng could not help his surprise.

There were three major fields of expertise in God’s Domain, namely forging, alchemy, and engineering.

Under normal circumstances, engineering did not play a particularly large role. However, as the level of expertise of engineers rose, the variety of items they could produce, which were of great importance to players, also increased. As a result, the value of engineers would also grow.

One of the reasons why engineering became popular in Shi Feng’s previous life was the need for Mounts.

Mounts played an extremely crucial role in a player’s life in God’s Domain. However, Common ranked steeds were simply too ordinary, both in terms of appearance and performance, and could not satisfy the needs of the general populace. Moreover, many players were independent, so they couldn’t obtain a Guild Mount. Acquiring a Mount through other means was also very difficult. As a result, engineering Mounts became extremely valuable.

Engineering Mounts could be categorized into multiple ranks, with the lowest being Bronze rank, and the highest reaching Dark-Gold rank. However, the design for a Dark-Gold Mount was almost as rare as a Legendary item. The materials needed to produce it were also extremely rare, making it difficult to mass-produce the Mount.

However, a Bronze Mount was different. Although the design for it was similarly very hard to obtain, the materials needed to produce it were not particularly rare. As long as one had a sufficient number of Advanced Engineers, one could definitely mass-produce Bronze Mounts.

Meanwhile, the design before Shi Feng just happened to be the design for a Bronze Mount.

Only Field Bosses had a chance of dropping this item, and even the Luck Attribute would not affect its drop-rate. Meanwhile, its drop-rate was lower than even that of Titan City’s pass.

Nevertheless, Sinned Heart had miraculously obtained it.

Could this be the reason why he had managed to develop Immortal Light so quickly in the past? Shi Feng could not help but think back to the past. Despite being an upstart Guild, Immortal Light’s rise back then could match even Zero Wing’s of today. In the end, it had even managed to stand shoulder to shoulder with first-rate Guilds.

One of the main reasons why Immortal Light had managed to develop so quickly back then was its immense funding. However, nobody actually knew how Immortal Light had obtained that funding. Everyone had simply assumed that the Guild had found a powerful backer.

In hindsight, there was over an 80% chance that Immortal Light had obtained its funds by utilizing this engineering design.

Only a Bronze Mount design could possibly help a Guild earn that much money. Even the Strengthening Device was far from comparable.

After all, the value of an item like the Strengthening Device would decline sooner or later. However, the demand for Bronze Mounts was inelastic. It was one of the necessities in God’s Domain. Its value was not something other tools could compare to.

In terms of monetary value, a single Strengthening Device was currently worth around 10 Gold. It would be fortunate if the item could sell for four or five Gold once it became commonplace in the game. A Bronze Mount, on the other hand, was worth several hundred Gold. Just a single Bronze Mount was worth dozens of Strengthening Devices. Moreover, one did not need to fear that a Bronze Mount wouldn’t sell.

“How much do you want for it?” Shi Feng asked as he looked at Sinned Heart.

“Twenty thousand Gold!” Sinned Heart stated after giving it some thought.

Twenty thousand Gold was enough for him to deal with the problems plaguing him. He could also use the money leftover to migrate his Guild’s base of operations to a new location.

“I believe you should understand what kind of situation Snow Field City is currently in. It would simply be impossible for Immortal Light to continue developing in the Twin Towers Kingdom under the current situation. How about joining Zero Wing?” Shi Feng asked in a low tone. “Moreover, even if you all try to develop elsewhere, with a single word from King’s Return, there won’t be any place that will welcome Immortal Light’s presence. However, if you guys join Zero Wing, you can realize your ambitions without having to worry about King’s Return. What do you think?”

To Shi Feng, although the engineering design was important, Sinned Heart and his group of experts were much more valuable.

“Have us join Zero Wing?” Sinned Heart immediately fell into deep thought. Judging from Hell Fiend’s behavior before, he could tell that Zero Wing was truly powerful. After all, even someone like Hell Fiend could not do anything to Zero Wing. If Immortal Light joined Zero Wing, it would indeed allow them to develop safely without worry. However, Sinned Heart still shook his head as he said, “Brother Ye Feng, thank you for your kind intentions. However, I still wish to develop Immortal Light together with that band of brothers of mine.”

Shi Feng had expected Sinned Heart to reply in this manner. Hence, he offered another proposal, saying, “If this is so, how about having Zero Wing invest into Immortal Light? Our side will ask for just 50% of your Guild’s shares. In return, Zero Wing will supply you all with large amounts of funding and resources. Aside from the 20,000 Gold for the design, we’ll grant you a starting capital of 50,000 Gold, in addition to 30,000 Magic Crystals. Afterwards, we’ll also continue providing you with Coins and Magic Crystals. This much should be enough to let Immortal Light develop in any city. Zero Wing also won’t interfere with Immortal Light’s development. What do you think?”

Sinned Heart was momentarily stunned when he heard Shi Feng’s offer.

“Brother Ye Feng, you’re joking, right? With this much funding, not to mention Immortal Light, even buying 50% of a second-rate Guild’s shares won’t be a problem,” Sinned Heart said.

He felt both moved and shocked right now.

Immortal Light was currently at its lowest point. Practically nobody felt optimistic about Immortal Light’s future, much less want to invest into the Guild.

Before this, he had always heard other people mentioning how rich a Guild Zero Wing was. He never imagined that the Guild would actually be wealthy enough to casually throw out tens of thousands of Gold and Magic Crystals. With this much funding, Immortal Light would be able to become a second-rate Guild quickly.