Chapter 851 - Book Of Disaster

Chapter 851: Book of Disaster

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

“So he is Black Flame?”

Hell Fiend began carefully observing Shi Feng as the Swordsman approached him.

Although the general public did not have a clear grasp of Black Flame’s strength, practically all experts from Super Guilds knew just how powerful the man was.

Ranked 51st on God’s Domain’s Experts List.

Although the rankings on this list did not measure the exact strength of an expert, they were still useful as a reference.

Someone ranked 51st on the list was unquestionably an expert who could rank at the top in any Super Guild.

Moreover, the fact that Black Flame had managed to develop an upstart Guild like Zero Wing to its current state showed that he was strong in more than just fighting.

While Hell Fiend and Praying Lotus were observing Shi Feng, Shi Feng was also observing the two.

Whether it was Hell Fiend or Praying Lotus, both of them had been very famous experts in the past. It was especially true for Hell Fiend. During the initial stages of God’s Domain, he had already become an Adjudicator of King’s Return.

The title of Adjudicator was not just for show. It represented King’s Return’s apex combat power. Even the weakest Adjudicator was a Void Realm expert. In addition, there was also an age restriction.

Candidates for Adjudicator could not be over 30. In other words, no one over 30 years old could take part in the exam to become an Adjudicator.

Hell Fiend had managed to become one at such a young age. Ten years later, he had even become a Tier 6 Mage God that everybody knew of.

As for the female Oracle, Praying Lotus, she was similarly very amazing.

Although she could not compare to Hell Fiend, she had similarly been promoted into one of King’s Return’s Adjudicators a year or so later. In the end, she had even become a Tier 5 Red Priest. Her combat power back then had reached the peak of Tier 5. She had been an existence that countless experts looked up to.

Shi Feng had never imagined that the two people looking to talk to him would be them.

“What business do you have with me?” Shi Feng asked in a deep tone as he looked at Hell Fiend. “You can’t be trying to get me to give up on the trade, right?”

“Actually, we are. The reason we’ve come looking for you this time is indeed to have you give up on that exchange. If you give up now, our previous agreement will still take effect.” Hell Fiend nodded. He then took out a tattered old book from his bag. Smiling confidently, he said, “You can take a look at this thing here. If you are not willing to give up on the exchange, it won’t be the Falcon Legion taking action the next time. Instead, I’ll make use of this item. You don’t wish to see any accidents happening to the Stone Forest Town that you’ve arduously developed, right?”

This ancient book was very old. There didn’t seem to be anything special about it. Its cover had long since been ruined. However, if one tried hard enough, one could still make out the faint words written on the book’s cover.

Abyss Summoning!

The instant Shi Feng saw these words, his heart involuntarily shook.

This book was a nightmarish item in God’s Domain. This book itself was a disaster.

In God’s Domain, the human race was constantly at war with the Abyss. However, it was not that easy for the Abyss to invade the continent of God’s Domain. Abyssal monsters needed to travel through an Abyss Passage to enter God’s Domain en masse.

It was extremely difficult to open an Abyss Passage.

Nevertheless, this ancient book could simply do so.

This ancient book was an item monsters from the Dark Abyss[1] had specifically sent over. The reason for doing so was to have the people residing on the continent of God’s Domain use it. The book would then act as a marker that allowed abyssal monsters to open a passage to God’s Domain much more readily.

The opening of an Abyss Passage would mean that endless abyssal monsters would surge into God’s Domain. At that time, many kingdoms and empires would fall to the invasion.

Shi Feng had never dreamed that Hell Fiend would actually possess this item.

No wonder he’s so confident! So he still has such a trump card. Shi Feng was momentarily at a loss for words as he looked at the ancient book on the table.

If an Abyss Passage opened close to Stone Forest Town, it would indeed bring about the destruction of the town. However, opening an Abyss Passage was no laughing matter.

In the past, a player had similarly used one such ancient book to open an Abyss Passage. The abyssal monsters that came out had ended up destroying an entire kingdom and even spreading to several neighboring kingdoms.

The Glory Empire was only a short distance away from Star-Moon Kingdom. With the scope of the Abyss Passage, the Glory Empire would naturally suffer from the invasion. In such a case, King’s Return would not escape unscathed, either.

However, this ancient book had one more secret that was not mentioned by the system.

“If you don’t mind losing Stone Forest Town, you can go ahead and trade with Sinned Heart,” Hell Fiend laughed.

This ancient book was extraordinarily precious. Originally, he had not intended to use it for such a matter. After all, it could be used to deal with other Super Guilds in the future. Now, however, with the situation as it was, he couldn’t care less about wasting the book.

However, he did not believe that Shi Feng would be so foolish. How could a measly five plots of Land possibly compare to Stone Forest Town?

Contrary to Hell Fiend’s expectations, however, Shi Feng shook his head and said very seriously, “Sorry, but I still refuse. If you wish to use this ancient book of yours, go ahead.”

When Praying Lotus heard Shi Feng’s reply, she stared at him with an expression of disbelief on her face. Thinking that the man did not understand the severity of the situation, she hurriedly exclaimed, “Guild Leader Black Flame, you have to think this through carefully! That’s Stone Forest Town we’re talking about, not an NPC city! Do you think you can fend off an endless wave of abyssal monsters?!”

This ancient book was extraordinary. Just the price to activate the Abyss Passage would cost them significantly. It would be a complete waste to use it on a small Guild like Zero Wing.

“I’ve considered this very clearly. If you don’t have anything else, please leave. I still have many things I need to tend to,” Shi Feng said. Then he stood up and left.

At this time, both Hell Fiend and Praying Lotus were stunned.

A lunatic!

Black Flame clearly had a mental problem!

Or did he think they would not actually carry out their threat?

“Good! Black Flame, I applaud you! You are the first person to have earned my admiration since entering the virtual gaming world! Since you insist on doing so, I’ll fulfill your wish, then! I will definitely make you regret your decision today, Black Flame!” Hell Fiend laughed maniacally as he looked at Shi Feng’s receding back. “We’re leaving!”

Following which, Hell Fiend and Praying Lotus departed the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“Guild Leader, will helping Sinned Heart really be worth it?” Aqua Rose asked curiously as she looked at Hell Fiend’s departing figure.

She had watched everything that happened very clearly from a secret room beside the reception room.

After all, two important figures from King’s Return had come. How could the Vice-Leader of Zero Wing possibly be absent from this situation?

Although Sinned Heart was a good-natured person, they were merely acquaintances. If Shi Feng were to abandon Stone Forest Town just because of a promise, it would be the epitome of foolishness.

However, Aqua Rose also understood that it was precisely due to this personality of Shi Feng’s that she had agreed to join Zero Wing back then. If Shi Feng were someone who readily bowed to threats, he wouldn’t have so many people placing their trust in him right now.

“Do you think I’m doing it just because of Sinned Heart?” Shi Feng could not help but laugh. “If Hell Fiend really does open up an Abyss Passage near Stone Forest Town, then I would have to thank him.”

“Thank him? The Abyss Passage will call forth an endless wave of abyssal monsters. How could Stone Forest Town possibly defend against so many monsters?” Aqua Rose asked, confused.

“Gains and losses correspond in God’s Domain. That ancient book is both a disaster and an opportunity. Just like an Epic Quest, while terrific rewards are possible, the punishment for failure is similarly terrifying,” Shi Feng explained, smiling. “Hopefully, Hell Fiend doesn’t disappoint me.”

Hell Fiend could not know about the true secret of the ancient book.

This secret was something that players had found out only after God’s Domain had experienced such disasters multiple times.

Shortly after Hell Fiend and Praying Lotus left, Shi Feng similarly departed the Candlelight Trading Firm. However, to avoid attracting too much attention, Shi Feng hailed an advanced horse carriage and headed towards the Library.

Previously, due to Thoughtful Rain’s matter, he had not managed to deal with the golden tablet’s quest. Now that he was done with that matter, he naturally could not leave the tablet quest alone.

However, after arriving at the Library, before Shi Feng could head to the entrance of the building, a beautiful figure suddenly intruded into his path, blocking him.

Taking a closer look, Shi Feng discovered that the person blocking him was actually Youlan of Underworld.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, you really are difficult to find. May I know if you have time for a private chat?” Youlan asked softly, smiling as she looked at the cloaked Shi Feng.