Chapter 854 - Ancient Spell

Chapter 854: Ancient Spell Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 854 – Ancient Spell

“Soul Fire!” Shi Feng’s expression immediately tensed when he saw the burning flame.

This was not his first time to encounter this flame.

Soul Fire was a flame capable of causing great damage to players, inflicting extremely severe death penalties—even more severe than having their Immortal Soul absorbed.

To put it simply, Soul Fire was a flame that players should avoid coming into contact with at all costs.

As the crystal ball disintegrated into nothingness, the silver flames immediately transformed into a leopard over two meters tall. Burning silver flames covered the leopard’s entire body, and wherever its four paws stepped, the stone floor underfoot became molten magma. Anyone seeing this scene would feel their hearts shudder and would try to get as far as possible from the silver leopard.

However, Shi Feng could not run away even if he wanted to.

The oppression of the fourfold magic array aside, the leopard itself was an extraordinary Level 200 Mythic monster—the equivalent of a Level 200 Tier 4 NPC. Such a monster could instantly kill any current player.

Even if Shi Feng were at his peak during his previous life, the only thing he could have done if he encountered such a monster was run away as fast as he could.

Fortunately, this leopard formed from Soul Fire did not seem interested in Shi Feng. Instead, its pitch-black eyes stared at Sharlyn, who was lounging on a reading chair. In the next moment, the leopard transformed into a streak of silver light as it pounced at Sharlyn.

The leopard was so fast that Shi Feng did not even manage to react before it appeared in front of her.

“What a feisty little cat you are! I was just looking into your owner’s movements, yet you actually came all this way to pick a fight,” Sharlyn said, eyeing the silver leopard pouncing at her as if she was just looking at a cute little animal. Suddenly, her left arm turned into a blur as she grabbed the silver leopard by the scruff of its neck.

In the next moment, something unbelievable happened.

The silver leopard, which was originally over two meters tall, actually began shrinking at a rate visible to the naked eye, until it was no larger than a little kitten. No matter how hard it fought, it couldn’t escape Sharlyn’s grasp. The only thing it could do was bare its tiny fangs and swipe its puny paws at her while emitting threatening hisses.

Following which, Sharlyn took out a crimson crystal ball and did a short chant. The silver leopard then transformed into a streak of light and entered the crystal ball. Trapped inside the crystal ball, the silver leopard still tried struggling, but its efforts were all for naught. It couldn’t escape the bindings of the crimson ball.

Shi Feng was incomparably stunned as he witnessed this scene from a distance.

Sharlyn had actually just played around with a Level 200 Mythic monster as if it were a toy. Rather than a Tier 5 Red Priest, she seemed more on the level of a Tier 6 God.

“So you’ve come.” After Sharlyn was done dealing with the silver leopard, her golden eyes slowly shifted towards Shi Feng. Smiling faintly, she said, “After not meeting you for some time, I see that you’ve landed yourself in yet more trouble. Before you have even dealt with the matter of the Lord of Balrogs, you have earned yourself yet another curse. I really don’t know whether you’ve been blessed by the Goddess of Fate, or fancied by the Goddess of Misfortune.”

“Cursed?” Shi Feng frowned. He then gave himself a thorough look as well as checked his status window. However, he did not discover any abnormalities with himself.

“Don’t bother. Ordinary mortals won’t be able to detect it.” Sharlyn shook her head lightly. She then walked up to Shi Feng. Stretching one of her flawless fingers towards him, she began drawing one line of divine runes after another.

Like golden ribbons, the glorious, golden divine runes wrapped around Shi Feng. As the number of divine runes increased, the Mana fluctuations surrounding him began weakening. After a short moment, his surroundings were devoid of Mana.

This form of Mana nullification was different from the Silencing Skills used by players, which only froze the flow of Mana. What Sharlyn used thoroughly erased the existence of Mana.

With the absence of Mana in his surroundings, Shi Feng felt as if his brain was suffering from oxygen deficiency. Momentarily, his vision blurred a bit. His mind grew somewhat dizzy as well, his control over his body dulling slightly.

But in the next moment, a silver chain with the thickness of a finger appeared, extending from Shi Feng’s chest. When this chain went beyond the Mana nullification field, it quickly became invisible once again as if it had never existed.

“What’s this?” Shi Feng could not help his surprise.

This was his first time seeing such a situation. Moreover, with the appearance of this chain, he could clearly feel himself continuously weakening.

“This is your curse. This silver chain is a Soul Chain, and it is bound to your soul. You can consider this a parting gift that mysterious youth left for you when he escaped,” Sharlyn said, her cherry-red lips hooking up into a smile. Chuckling softly, she continued, “How about it? Are you feeling a little anxious now?”

Shi Feng could not help but roll his eyes at Sharlyn. Even if he were stupid, he could tell that this curse was no trifling matter. A single mistake could very well send him to the Netherworld. Problems related to the soul were the most frightening thing to players. After all, failure to deal with such problems would not end with just suffering a simple death. It was very likely that his entire account would be crippled. How could he not feel anxious?

“Can this curse be removed?” Shi Feng asked.

In response, however, Sharlyn spread her hands in a gesture of helplessness.

“Even you can’t remove it?” Shi Feng was far more shocked now.

Sharlyn was definitely one of the strongest NPCs he had ever encountered in his entire gaming career in God’s Domain. If even such an NPC was incapable of helping him, one could just imagine what a stinking pile of trouble he had landed himself in this time.

“This thing here is a Soul Chain. It is a Super Spell that has been passed down since ancient times. I am not a God, so how can I possibly remove it?” Sharlyn rolled her eyes at Shi Feng. Snappily, she continued, “However, you don’t have to fall into despair, either. There are two methods to remove this curse of yours. The first method is to remove the curse using force, while the second method is to kill the person who placed this curse on you. Since you can’t remove the curse, the only option left for you is to kill the person who had cursed you in the first place.”

Shi Feng was immediately rendered speechless.

He wanted to, but did he have this kind of ability?

Not to mention himself during his peak, even a Tier 5 apex expert would have a small chance of defeating that mysterious youth. Most likely, only Tier 6 God-ranked players would be capable of dealing with him.

However, God’s Domain was currently in its infant stages. There was not a single Tier 2 player in existence yet. So, just where was he supposed to find Tier 6 players?

“Relax, I’m not telling you to kill that youth yourself. With this weak, little body of yours, a sneeze from that person would blow you into smithereens. All you need to do is find his whereabouts.” Sharlyn could not help but giggle as she eyed Shi Feng’s slightly ugly complexion. “Although I’ve used a Tracking Spell, that person is extremely adept at hiding his trail. Even I can’t locate him. However, you are different. The other end of the Soul Chain wrapped around your body is in his hands. As long as you follow the Soul Chain, you will be able to locate him easily. At that time, all you need to do is contact me.”

System: Legendary Quest “Lost Magic” accepted. Quest content: Locate the youth who has cursed you. Rewards unknown.

“But how will I find him? If I’m not inside this magic nullification field, I won’t be able to see the chain at all.” Shi Feng was inwardly at a loss for words after hearing the very simplified system notification.