Chapter 858 - Fallen City

Chapter 858 – Fallen City

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

When the system announcement appeared, every player in God’s Domain was stunned.

There was nothing surprising about the launch of a new expansion pack. After all, this was not the first time something like this had happened.

However, the mention of a new class piqued everyone’s interest. A new class being offered as a reward showed that this new class undoubtedly possessed an advantage other classes did not.

If they managed to class-change into this new class, they might receive warm welcomes from the various large Guilds, just like those who managed to obtain hidden classes.

This thought tempted a lot of players. Very quickly, many began planning to travel to the Twin Towers Kingdom to hunt abyssal monsters and earn large amounts of Merit.

—

Meanwhile, at the Twin Towers Kingdom’s Snow Field City…

At this moment, hordes of abyssal monsters, both in the air and on the ground, surrounded Snow Field City completely.

The strength of these monsters varied, their Levels ranging between 50 and 200. What current players could do against these monsters was very limited.

Fortunately, Snow Field City possessed a defensive magic array that could easily envelop the entire city. As a result, the horde of abyssal monsters could only roam outside the boundary of the magic array and continuously bombard it with attacks.

The sound of explosions echoing throughout the entire city instilled fear and despair in the players there.

“Can this magic array really hold?”

“This is an NPC city’s magic array. It should be able to. Otherwise, what will we players be able to do against those monsters?”

Just as the players inside Snow Field City were debating about the city’s defensive magic array…

Kachik.

A crack suddenly appeared in the magic array above the city.

Along with the appearance of this crack, the magic array also began destabilizing.

“Not good! The magic array is collapsing!”

Nobody knew which player shouted, but these words triggered a stampede as the players on the street fled for their lives. Every one of them rushed towards the city’s Teleportation Hall in an attempt to leave Snow Field City.

After all, these abyssal monsters were different from the ones found in the Abyss Battlefield. The abyssal monsters in the Abyss Battlefield were orderly, sorted based on their Levels, and players could choose which area to go to, depending on their own strength. Now, however, even monsters with Levels in the triple digits mixed in with Level 50 monsters.

With just their strength, the players would be killed instantly, losing a Level.

The hardships of leveling up were the pain of all players. Nobody wished to die a pointless death. They would have to spend several days recovering from such a loss.

“Hahaha! Let’s see what Sinned Heart will do in this situation!” Seated in the largest open-air restaurant of Snow Field City, Hell Fiend laughed with great joy as he overlooked the entire city, a delighted look on his face.

Immortal Light’s base of operations was Snow Field City. If the Guild wanted to earn large sums of money, it could only do so at Snow Field City.

If Snow Field City were to fall to the abyssal monsters, the loss would not only uproot Immortal Light’s foundations but also drag down the value of the city’s Lands. Nobody would want the Lands here anymore.

Even if Zero Wing kept its word and was willing to purchase those five plots of Land, how much could the Lands of a city captured by monsters possibly be worth?

However, the thing that made him feel happy the most would still have to be the scope of the Abyss Summoning. Not only did it cover the entire Twin Towers Kingdom, but it also affected several neighboring countries, including Star-Moon Kingdom in the west. The Abyss Summoning would definitely impact Star-Moon Kingdom’s eastern region—which also happened to be Zero Wing’s territory. At that time, Zero Wing would similarly suffer, losing all the advantages it had piled up to the abyssal monsters.

“Hell Fiend, we should leave as well. That magic array won’t last for much longer,” Praying Lotus said hurriedly as she looked at the gradually collapsing magic array in the sky.

“Relax. As long as you’re by my side and neither of us actively attack those abyssal monsters, they won’t try to attack us,” Hell Fiend said nonchalantly.

Using the Abyss Summoning, he had opened an Abyss Passage. As a reward for his efforts, he had obtained a strand of the Abyss’s power.

To others, the abyssal monsters might be extremely dangerous. To him, however, these monsters were practically his allies.

—

White River City’s Library, Star-Moon Hall:

The system announcement was repeated three times, the contents of the announcement resonating in Shi Feng’s ears.

Hell Fiend activated the Abyss Summoning in the Twin Towers Kingdom? Shi Feng was slightly surprised.

Originally, he had thought his provocation would prompt Hell Fiend to use the incomparably precious ancient book on Stone Forest Town. He had never thought that the Elementalist would give him such a surprise. Now, it would be somewhat difficult for him to take advantage of the situation.

The Abyss Invasion indeed posed an enormous threat to the country the invasion occurred in. Players residing in said country wouldn’t even be able to level up normally. They would be forced to give up the leveling spots they were familiar with and head to safer locations, instead.

However, this invasion was also an excellent opportunity for players to earn large amounts of Merit.

Merit could be used to exchange for large numbers of magic array and siege tool designs, as well as to increase Guild Popularity significantly. It also provided players with a huge opportunity with class-changing into a new class.

This new class was known as the Demonblade Knight. Not only was it a class that possessed the characteristics of a Berserker, making it extremely strong in melee fights, but it also had ranged attacking capabilities. Although the Demonblade Knight was neither a match for the Berserker class in a melee nor a match for Rangers and Elementalists in a ranged battle, the combination of these two modes of attacking increased the class’s survivability in battles significantly. After all, in both field battles and Dungeons, Bosses boasted a wide array of attack patterns. Dealing with these Bosses with just a single mode of attack was not easy.

Players who loved to fight both in a melee and at range would choose this class without hesitation.

“Just who is the fool who actually dared to open an Abyss Passage!” At this moment, Sharlyn’s complexion had turned extremely ugly, a wrathful flame burning in her eyes. Shifting her gaze to Shi Feng, she said, “I have some matters I need to deal with. If you manage to absorb another Mysterious Flame, you can come here to look for me.”

After saying this, Sharlyn immediately disappeared from the spacious hall.

“It seems someone is out of luck.” Seeing Sharlyn disappear, Shi Feng could not help feeling some pity for Hell Fiend.

How could the power of the ancient book sent from the Abyss be that easy to obtain?

God’s Domain was fair.

Although the ancient book could grant a player power, this power came with its own risks as well. It would be fine if an NPC of the human race did not catch the player who had used the ancient book. The consequences of capture, however, would not be one bit inferior to the penalty for failing a Legendary Quest.

Shi Feng couldn’t care less about the trouble Hell Fiend had just landed himself in, though. After all, he still had to thank him. Without these abyssal monsters, the members of his Guild wouldn’t have the opportunity to class-change into a Demonblade Knight.

Following which, Shi Feng quickly left the Library and hurried back to Zero Wing’s Residence.

Although he had previously received news that Sinned Heart was already waiting for him at the Residence, he had wanted to absorb the Soul Fire as soon as possible. Hence, he had not gone to meet with him right away. Now that he had gained basic control over the Soul Fire, it was about time for him to meet up with Sinned Heart.

—

Zero Wing’s Guild Residence:

“How could this be?!”

Inside the reception room, Sinned Heart was currently walking around aimlessly, a very ugly expression on his face. His thick eyebrows were tightly knitted together, his heart filled with anxiety. This was especially so after he received the message from his Guild, which notified him that Snow Field City had already fallen into chaos. Many players had died horrible deaths at the hands of the abyssal monsters, and Snow Field City was no longer a place where players could reside now.

Upon hearing this, Sinned Heart sank into deep despair.

If Snow Field City had already fallen into such a state, then the Lands of the city might as well be worth nothing.

Just as Sinned Heart was trying to figure out a solution to his problem, Shi Feng entered the reception room.