Chapter 850 - Hell Fiend’S Shock

Chapter 850: Hell Fiend’s Shock

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Chapter 850 – Hell Fiend’s Shock

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Why are you all quiet?” Hell Fiend asked sternly as he looked at Ordinary Stranger’s team, which remained silent.

However, Hell Fiend’s follow-up question still failed to elicit a reply from Ordinary Stranger and the others. Instead, their heads hung even lower, their complexions becoming extremely gloomy.

“Did you, or did you not complete the mission? Have you all become mute?” Hell Fiend asked suspiciously.

Whether it was Ordinary Stranger or Thunder Tiger, both of them were usually chatterboxes. Yet, now, neither of them had uttered even a single word. How could he not find this situation odd?

After a long period of silence, Quirrell finally stepped forward and answered in a low tone, “We didn’t complete the mission.”

“You didn’t complete the mission?” Hell Fiend was momentarily stunned. He then looked at Quirrell and demanded in a deep tone, “Tell me exactly what happened.”

Following which, Quirrell and Ordinary Stranger made a full report to Hell Fiend.

After hearing their recollection, Hell Fiend fell silent.

Praying Lotus, the beautiful Level 39 Oracle dressed in sacred white robes who was standing beside Hell Fiend, also revealed an astonished expression.

The reason for her astonishment was not because Quirrell and the others had died. Instead, it was because of who had ambushed them. Although Ordinary Stranger had guessed that the cloaked man was Black Flame, Quirrell had personally seen the cloaked man’s true appearance, and he could say with 100% certainty that their ambusher was Ye Feng.

Ye Feng was someone who had long since entered the list of “targets to pay attention to” of Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds. He was ridiculously strong; even if Hell Fiend were to take action himself, the outcome of the fight would be uncertain. Hell Fiend’s chances of suffering defeat might even be higher than Ye Feng’s.

Hence, it came to her as no surprise that Ye Feng had killed Quirrell and the others.

If this were normal times, she could still chalk it up to Quirrell and the others having extremely bad luck. Unfortunately, things were not as simple as just having bad luck, and this was the part that gave her and Hell Fiend a headache.

The movements of the Falcon Legion were kept top secret; even Hell Fiend himself had been in the dark. For the mission this time, only the 20 players on the team had known the details. Hence, before the team had made its move, it was impossible for Zero Wing to have known about the ambush. Moreover, when Quirrell and the others had taken action, they had even used Soul Lock on their targets. Their ambush targets had no way to get news out unless they died and logged out of the game.

As for Ye Feng appearing at that location by coincidence, that was also impossible.

After all, Ye Feng had ridden around White River City on his Mount for a long time, causing a huge commotion in the city. When Quirrell and the others took action, Ye Feng had still been in the city. Hence, Ye Feng’s appearance at the Crystal Forest was definitely no coincidence. It was certain that he had only rushed to the rescue after finding out about the incident.

However, just how far away was the Crystal Forest from White River City?

By the time Ye Feng arrived there—even with a Mount—the Falcon Legion should have long since finished their targets.

Yet, that was not the case.

Not only had Ye Feng slaughtered the Falcon Legion, but he had even managed to save his companions. The speed of his mobilization was simply staggering.

This meant that dealing with the members of Zero Wing would be much more troublesome in the future. If they were not careful, they might even end up suffering a huge loss. However, they also could not afford to send out their Guild’s apex experts. These people usually had their own tasks to handle. How could they possibly have the time to play around with an upstart Guild?

Moreover, if they really did dispatch these experts, doing so would turn their Guild into a laughingstock for other Super Guilds.

“It’s no wonder even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion is helpless against Zero Wing. It turns out that they still have such a card to play. Good! Very good!” Hell Fiend exclaimed, his mouth twitching in anger. This move of Zero Wing had foiled his plans considerably.

“Hell Fiend, are we still going to meet with Black Flame?” Praying Lotus asked.

Their initial plan had been to teach Zero Wing a lesson and let the Guild know what kind of consequences awaited it should it offend King’s Return. Now with the Falcon Legion’s defeat, they naturally lost their deterrent against Zero Wing.

“Go! Of course, we’re going! If Sinned Heart thinks he can get that sum of money, he can forget about it!” Hell Fiend declared, bloodlust shining in his eyes. With a resolute tone, he added, “Since we can’t do this subtly, we’ll just use force to convince Zero Wing! I don’t believe an upstart Guild with no backing won’t submit to King’s Return!”

Saying so, Hell Fiend had Ordinary Stranger contact Zero Wing.

White River City’s Teleportation Hall:

Suddenly, several white flashes appeared inside the building as Shi Feng and the others returned to White River City once again.

“What a pity! It would be great if we could continue grinding for a few more hours,” Blue Bamboo said in disappointment as she looked at her own experience bar.

During their time following Shi Feng around, their leveling speed simply left one speechless.

With two Personal Guards capable of overwhelming a Great Lord present, dealing with those Chieftain and Lord ranked monsters was extremely relaxing. The Crystal Wolves they slaughtered as they traveled around the Crystal Forest also boosted their experience bars significantly. Currently, she was only 5% away from reaching Level 40.

At most, she would need an hour’s worth of grinding to bridge that final gap.

Level 40 was a relatively major milestone in God’s Domain. Throughout their travels, Blue Bamboo had eyed Shi Feng’s Demonic Flame Tiger with longing. Unfortunately, she had yet to reach Level 40, so she could not even give riding Shi Feng’s Mount a try.

In God’s Domain, Mounts could generally carry two people at the same time. If a Mount was of a sufficiently high rank, it could even accommodate three people at once. A Dark-Gold Mount like the Demonic Flame Tiger could bear a maximum of three people. However, the riders had to be Level 40 or above.

After exiting the Teleportation Hall, Shi Feng summoned the Demonic Flame Tiger once again.

The Demonic Flame Tiger’s cool and massive body immediately attracted the gazes of the passersby.

“I still have something to take care of, so I’ll be leaving first. If you encounter any problems in your quest again, just contact me or Aqua and the others,” Shi Feng said as he jumped onto his Mount. He gave the Demonic Flame Tiger a tap and then sped towards the Candlelight Trading Firm.

After Shi Feng departed, the players on the streets promptly shifted their gazes towards Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo.

“Are those two beauties members of Zero Wing?”

“I saw them talking to that Mount-riding person just now. Could that expert be a member of Zero Wing?”

All sorts of ideas started popping up in people’s minds.

Many beautiful female players also started looking at Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo with eyes filled with envy and admiration. Although they were acquainted with many experts, compared to Shi Feng, those experts were simply noobs. On the other hand, Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo actually managed to make friends with an expert like Shi Feng.

“It would be great if I can get a Mount that’s as cool as Big Brother Ye Feng’s. At that time, my classmates will definitely die of jealousy,” Blue Bamboo said as she looked at Shi Feng’s departing figure admiringly.

However, Thoughtful Rain, who stood beside Blue Bamboo, did not have such thoughts in her mind. Instead, she was currently pondering how she could go about improving her strength.

Shi Feng’s battles had truly widened her horizons. She had never imagined that there would actually be such a huge difference between players.

Candlelight Trading Firm, second-floor reception room:

“Hell Fiend, are you really going to do it?” Praying Lotus asked, a frown on her face. “If you do so, we’ll suffer significant losses as well.”

“I’ve already said that I absolutely will not let Sinned Heart get that money! If Black Flame is really resolute in opposing me, I will let him know what regret tastes like! Let’s see if he thinks opposing me just for a stranger like Sinned Heart is worth it or not!” Hell Fiend sneered and nodded decisively.

As Hell Fiend and Praying Lotus were waiting quietly, the doors to the room opened suddenly.

Shi Feng, who was currently in the guise of Black Flame, slowly walked up to Hell Fiend and Praying Lotus.