Chapter 852 - Sacred Grounds

Chapter 852: Sacred Grounds

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

“Your ability to find someone is really amazing,” Shi Feng said. However, his attention was currently not on Youlan. Instead, he was surveying his surroundings. However, even after careful observation, nothing in particular drew his eye. He did not detect anybody trailing him.

Moreover, in a city, many players chose to wear a Black Cloak to avoid exposing themselves. Hence, cloaked players were not an uncommon sight in a city.

Despite that, Youlan had still managed to locate him.

At this moment, Youlan wore a set of luxurious purple robes, a glowing, silver staff clasped in her hand. The staff had many runes engraved on it, and Shi Feng could faintly feel the ambient Mana gathering around it.

Youlan’s Level was similarly extraordinary. Currently, she was already a Level 39 Summoner.

The current first ranking player on Star-Moon Kingdom’s Ranking List was only Level 38, yet Youlan had already reached Level 39. Her leveling speed was already on par with the experts of Super Guilds.

“Guild Leader Black Flame is overpraising me. Why don’t we find a quiet place to sit down and have a chat?” Youlan revealed a meaningful smile. “I have some intelligence that I know will certainly interest Guild Leader Black Flame.”

“Intelligence that will interest me?” Shi Feng could not help but laugh when he heard Youlan saying so.

He had already mingled in God’s Domain for over a decade already. In the past, he had even been the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild. The information he had regarding God’s Domain far surpassed that of any current player or Guild.

Right now, most likely, only the secrets gathered by Super Guilds could possibly interest him.

“Isn’t Guild Leader Black Flame interested in the Holy City of Titan?” Youlan asked as she revealed a confident and provocative smile.

“How do you know about the Holy City of Titan?” Shi Feng was greatly shocked as he looked at Youlan.

The Holy City of Titan was one of God’s Domain’s major secrets. Even in the past, not many players had known about the Holy City. It was a place that independent players had no chance of ever visiting. Even those who knew about the existence of the Holy City would not necessarily be able to go there. Only an extremely few large Guilds were capable of visiting it.

Generally, only first-rate Guilds and above had the ability to get to the Holy City.

Although Shadow had been a second-rate Guild in the past, it was only after joining hands with many Guilds, as well as having the powerful Immortal Light Guild of that time taking the lead, that Shi Feng had managed to get a glimpse of the Holy City of Titan.

The Holy City of Titan was originally a city where the Titans resided. It was once an extremely powerful city, capable of going up against even Gods. However, after the war between the Gods, the city had weakened significantly. Even so, it was still much more powerful than the current Four Great Empires of God’s Domain, and was roughly Blackwing City’s match and greatly respected by the various kingdoms and empires of God’s Domain.

However, the Holy City of Titan was different from Blackwing City.

Blackwing City was more of a place for players to conduct trade at. Titan City, on the other hand, was a place meant for nurturing players. It had been titled a sacred training ground by many players. The reason for this was because the Mana density at Titan City was much denser than in most locations in the outside world.

Aside from being a sacred training ground for combat players, Titan City was also a sacred ground for Lifestyle players. Due to the excellent environmental conditions there, Lifestyle players would have their production success rates improved considerably. In addition, the chance of obtaining Lifestyle designs at the grinding spots around Titan City was much higher than at other locations.

Hence, many Lifestyle players yearned to visit the Holy City of Titan.

However, Titan City was not a place that just any player could visit. Similar to Blackwing City, one needed to obtain a pass. However, the drop-rate for Titan City’s pass was much lower than Blackwing City’s. Moreover, only Level 30, 100-man large-scale Team Dungeons or above had a chance of dropping the pass.

Although Shi Feng had thought of going to Titan City, until now, not a single team in Zero Wing had managed to obtain a pass for Titan City.

In Shi Feng’s opinion, though, this was a very normal occurrence.

The drop-rate for that item was simply too low. Obtaining it in Level 30 or Level 40 Dungeons was practically impossible. Only after reaching Level 50 would 100-man Team Dungeons have a slightly higher possibility of dropping the pass. Even so, the probability was only one in one thousand. In other words, one had to raid one thousand 100-man Team Dungeons to obtain a pass to Titan City. Moreover, the drop-rate for the pass was unaffected by one’s Luck Attribute.

Hence, Shi Feng had excluded the Holy City of Titan when thinking of ways to nurture Guild experts. That method simply relied too heavily on luck.

“It seems Guild Leader Black Flame really does know about Titan City. That will make the following discussion easier.” Youlan smiled. “I have a pass to go to that place. Have I managed to catch your interest now?”

“You’ve got me.” Shi Feng could not help but laugh. He had never imagined that this woman before him would actually be so capable.

A pass to the Holy City of Titan!

The value of this item far surpassed that of an Epic Weapon. In the past, some Guilds had even been willing to pay 20,000 Gold just for a pass. Unfortunately, no Guild was willing to sell this item. After all, the value of going to Titan City was far above 20,000 Gold.

Following which, Shi Feng followed Youlan to a high-class restaurant. The restaurant was located in the Noble’s District, so the prices here were way beyond the means of independent players. As a result, Shi Feng and Youlan were the only players within the restaurant.

Inside a quiet VIP room on the second floor, Shi Feng and Youlan quietly sat facing each other.

“Miss Youlan, I’m very curious. With Underworld’s power, you guys should have a high chance of getting through the entrance trial. Why have you come looking to cooperate with me?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, surely you jest! Underworld has existed for a long time already. Like those Super Guilds, the power structure inside the organization is very complicated. Everyone has their own opinions and motives. For example, Feng Xuanyang and I are under different superiors. How could Underworld possibly compare to a straightforward organization like Zero Wing?” Youlan laughed. “This Titan City’s pass is something I just happened to chance upon. Nobody in the Guild has found out about it yet. However, with my own abilities, it is very difficult to get through the entrance trial. In addition, I only have three chances to challenge the trial. I won’t gain anything if I fail all three chances. Hence, I thought of asking for your help, Guild Leader Black Flame.”

“So that’s the case.” Shi Feng found Youlan’s words readily convincing. After all, if even Ouroboros had faced such problems, what more an organization like Underworld? “Then, what kind of remuneration are you prepared to give me in return for my help, Miss Youlan?”

“Since Guild Leader Black Flame knows of the Holy City of Titan, you should also know of the value of a pass to the city. As long as we get through the entrance trial, I’ll give 30 slots to you. How about it?” Youlan said, gnashing her teeth in reluctance.

A single pass could allow a maximum of 100 players into Titan City. However, the difficulty of Titan City’s entrance trial was very high. With just her subordinates, she was unlikely to pass it. They needed the help of several powerful experts. Otherwise, she would not be willing to offer so many slots.

“That won’t do. I want half. I can’t help you if you don’t give me half of the slots.” Shi Feng shook his head.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, this is simply daylight robbery! I am only trying to borrow a few experts from your Guild, yet you want half of the slots. I might as well rely on myself to get through the trial if this is your price,” Youlan countered as she glared at Shi Feng. She had never imagined that Shi Feng would be so black-hearted. If Shi Feng were not someone known to keep his word, she would have long since sought out other experts. Then, she wouldn’t have to give away any of her limited slots. Just paying some Coins would suffice.