Chapter 860 - Guild Expansion

Chapter 860: Guild Expansion

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 860 – Guild Expansion

Even after Shi Feng’s lengthy persuasion, Sinned Heart remained silent, his hesitation reflecting in his eyes.

“Is that not enough initial funding?” Shi Feng asked when he noticed Sinned Heart’s pause.

He didn’t particularly mind the lost funds.

Although he was tight on money at the moment, with the Bronze Engineering Locomotive Design, it would be incredibly easy to earn money. The only problem was that he lacked a large number of Advanced Lifestyle classes.

Manufacturing the Bronze Locomotive was not easy. Not only was the manufacturing process complex, but it was also different from the method forgers used produced weapons and equipment. Aside from needing a large number of engineers, forgers and alchemists were also needed to produce various components for the Engineering Locomotive.

Even for the Candlelight Trading Firm, it would be very difficult to mass-produce the Bronze Mounts unless it stopped producing everything else.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, abyssal monsters had not overrun the Twin Towers Kingdom. Hence, even though King’s Return had oppressed Immortal Light, the Guild had a place to develop itself and nurture its own Advanced Lifestyle players. Now, however, that was not possible.

“No. It’s more than enough. Only…” Sinned Heart hesitated as he looked at Shi Feng. After considering the situation at length, he said, “There is one thing that I am really confused about. Brother Ye Feng, we are only strangers who met by chance. I have also earned King’s Return’s ire. Why are you so willing to help us? Immortal Light is an upstart Guild, even weaker than a third-rate Guild. There should be no reason for Zero Wing to sacrifice so much for us. Can you tell me why?”

If he claimed that Shi Feng’s offer of initial funding did not tempt him, he would be lying. Even a first-rate Guild would be greatly shocked by such wealth.

Moreover, what had Immortal Light done to deserve such kindness?

He was not particularly famous in the virtual gaming world. It was the same for his brothers in Immortal Light. There was no point for Zero Wing to go so far for them.

“Do you want to know the truth?” Shi Feng laughed.

“If you’re willing to tell me, yes.” Sinned Heart felt as if he were dreaming. Naturally, he wanted to understand this situation. If Shi Feng’s goal was the same as Hell Fiend’s… Even in death, he would refuse Shi Feng’s offer.

“Alright. Since you wish to hear it, I’ll tell you. I have three reasons. The first is that Zero Wing needs to expand to other countries. Unfortunately, Zero Wing has become too famous, and it is very easy for others to target our members, particularly God’s Domain’s major powers. Zero Wing has already deeply ingrained itself in Star-Moon Kingdom. It would be very difficult for those major powers to shake Zero Wing’s foundation here. Even if they could do so, the price would be far greater than the gains. There is not a single major power in God’s Domain that is willing to pay that price. However, it is just as difficult to develop Zero Wing in other countries. None of these major powers will just stand by and do nothing as we expand into their territories. However, another way for Zero Wing to expand its influence is to develop an affiliated Guild that won’t attract these powers’ attention. Immortal Light just happens to fit this bill.

“Your personality and potential are my second reason. I can tell that you’ve only joined the virtual gaming world recently. It is possible that God’s Domain is the first virtual reality game you and your friends have truly experienced. The fact that you guys can obtain such strength in such a short period speaks volumes about your potentials. There is also the fact that you guys have managed to offend a Super Guild. Generally, it is very difficult for ordinary experts to do that. After all, the two are on entirely different levels. It is an extremely rare occurrence in the virtual gaming world.

“The third point is this Bronze ranked design. It can offer Zero Wing significant profit.”

Each of Shi Feng’s points was true.

If Zero Wing wanted to grow stronger, expanding its influence to other countries was necessary. Shi Feng had spent a lot of time considering the matter.

Beyond those three reasons, Shi Feng’s strongest motivation was due to Sinned Heart and his companions. These people would all be top-class experts in the future. Even spending hundreds of thousands of Gold to recruit them would be worth it, not to mention tens of thousands. However, Sinned Heart did not know this.

“Of course, these benefits are not without a condition.” Shi Feng changed the topic. “After obtaining these funds, if Immortal Light fails to take control of three or four major cities within two months, Zero Wing will take over the Guild’s management. After all, Coins and Magic Crystals do not grow on trees.”

Hearing Shi Feng’s condition, Sinned Heart’s previously vigilant expression vanished as he quietly released a sigh of relief.

“Alright. No problem. I can assure you that, after obtaining this much initial funding, Immortal Light will obtain control of four major NPC cities within two months. If we can’t even do that, I would be too embarrassed to face you, Brother Ye Feng,” Sinned Heart said earnestly as he patted his chest.

Shi Feng simply shook his head and laughed.

He was only trying to return the debt of gratitude he owed while taking the opportunity to recruit Sinned Heart to his side. He had never imagined that Sinned Heart would suspect him of ulterior motives, or that he would be forced to state conditions before the man would agree…

There were only so many cities in a country. Now that God’s Domain had launched some time ago, other Guilds had occupied the various major cities throughout God’s Domain. Even a second-rate Guild would find it difficult to take control of four major cities within two months, not to mention Immortal Light, a Guild that had recently been uprooted.

However, Shi Feng did not mind. Regardless of whether or not Sinned Heart succeeded, Zero Wing would still make a profit.

Following which, Shi Feng and Sinned Heart signed an agreement. Shi Feng then spent 20,000 Gold to purchase the Bronze Engineering Locomotive Design. He also spent 3,000 Gold to purchase the five plots of Land of Snow Field City, paying far less than what they had initially agreed upon.

In response, gratitude filled Sinned Heart’s eyes when he looked at Shi Feng. He had never imagined that Shi Feng would keep to his word to such a degree.

At this point, even if he tried to give them away for free, no one would want those Lands. After all, one would have to pay the city the corresponding management fees after accepting the Lands. Who would be willing to accept such a loss?

However, Shi Feng did not feel as if he had taken any loss. On the contrary, he felt that he had made a huge profit.

At the end of the day, the Abyss Invasion was only an expansion pack. Sooner or later, it would be resolved. Although not all NPC cities affected by the invasion would recover to their peaks and would undergo some changes, as one of the Twin Towers Kingdom’s top ten cities, Snow Field City would recover. Other Guilds might not be able to afford to wait, but Zero Wing could.

Moreover, aside from being able to resell these Lands for a high price in the future, Shi Feng had an important purpose for these five plots of Land. When the time came, aside from the Bronze Locomotives, the five plots of Land in Snow Field City would earn him the most money.

After Shi Feng and Sinned Heart completed their trade, Shi Feng hurried back to the Candlelight Trading Firm. As he prepared to produce the Engineering Locomotive, Aqua Rose called him.

“Guild Leader, I’ve found Hell Fiend’s location. He is currently residing in Light City, the Glory Empire’s imperial capital. Here are his current coordinates.” Aqua Rose then sent Hell Fiend’s whereabouts to Shi Feng.

“He sure moves quickly.” Shi Feng’s lips hooked up into a grin as he read the coordinates. “Even if you hide in Light City, you cannot escape.”