Chapter 861 - Consecutive Upgrades

Chapter 861: Consecutive Upgrades

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 861 – Consecutive Upgrades

While the ancient book Abyss Summoning could bring a disaster to God’s Domain, it could also bring power to players.

However, there was one thing that Hell Fiend did not know.

The power of that the ancient book could provide was not limited to protection from abyssal monsters or an increase to Basic Attributes while in a Demonic Field erected by abyssal monsters.

Establishing a safe zone was the ancient book’s true purpose.

Inside the established safe zone, abyssal monsters would not actively attack players.

This was the forbidden book’s greatest value to players.

Now that the Abyss Passage had been opened, not only had swarms of abyssal monsters appeared in the Twin Towers Kingdom, but Star-Moon Kingdom would also be invaded. Fortunately, the abyssal monsters required some time to fly from the Twin Towers Kingdom to Star-Moon Kingdom. Hence, Star-Moon Kingdom was still relatively peaceful.

When the abyssal monsters reached Star-Moon Kingdom, the kingdom’s players would suffer.

Of course, Star-Moon Kingdom wasn’t the only country affected by the Abyss Invasion. Twin Towers Kingdom’s neighboring kingdoms and empires would similarly be affected. Only, they would not suffer as severely as the Twin Towers Kingdom.

If Shi Feng wanted an advantageous position during the Abyss Invasion, the ancient book was a necessary item.

Fortunately, the ancient book would drop upon death. Moreover, after Abyss Summoning was used, the ancient book could only be stored inside a player’s bag.

As long as he killed Hell Fiend, he could obtain the ancient book.

Now, Light City was the only problem.

As an imperial capital, the city’s security was incomparably strict. A Level 180 Tier 3 NPC led every patrol group that roamed the city streets. If a player tried to cause trouble, these Tier 3 NPCs would kill them immediately.

It seems I’ll have to level up the Abyssal Blade.

Shi Feng felt somewhat helpless when he looked at his own Attributes.

To absorb the Soul Fire, he had temporarily sacrificed 44% of his Basic Attributes. Even if his Attributes had been quite high, after such a huge decrease, his Basic Attributes could no longer compare to apex expert like Hell Fiend. Furthermore, he had to kill the Elementalist inside Light City.

Shortly after he had upgraded the Abyssal Blade to Level 30, he had obtained the Sacred Sword Killing Ray. Hence, he had not rushed to upgrade the Magic Weapon.

However, now that his Attributes had dropped by so much, he had to upgrade the Abyssal Blade if he wanted to increase his combat power quickly.

Following which, Shi Feng entered the Candlelight Trading Firm and stored the Engineering Locomotive Design in the trading firm’s warehouse. He then grabbed some of the weapons Melancholic Smile had prepared for him previously before using Space Movement to leave White River City and reach the deserted Howling Moon Canyon.

Howling Moon Canyon was a Level 10 to Level 20 leveling map. To current mainstream players, this map was far too low-leveled for grinding. Only newcomers to God’s Domain would come here. Howling Moon Canyon didn’t offer particularly abundant resources, either. There were also very few quests in this area. Hence, players rarely ventured here to level up, which made it a perfect location for Shi Feng to upgrade the Abyssal Blade.

I wonder what kind of commotion will happen with this upgrade?

Shi Feng carefully unsheathed the Abyssal Blade from the scabbard hanging at his waist. He then called up the Abyssal Blade’s system interface and chose to upgrade it.

Compared to the upgrade to Level 30, the Abyssal Blade required far more weapons to reach Level 35. It needed twenty Level 35 Fine-Gold Weapons and three Level 35 Dark-Gold Weapons.

To current players, Level 35 Fine-Gold Weapons were top-tier weapons. Very few ordinary experts could obtain weapons of this rank. It was even more so for Level 35 Dark-Gold Weapons. Even to large Guilds, weapons of such caliber were exceedingly rare.

However, without hesitation, Shi Feng chose to sacrifice the Level 35 Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Weapons he had prepared.

Following which, the Abyssal Blade transformed into a dark cloud as 23 weapons flew out of Shi Feng’s bag and hovered around him.

Immediately, a black magic array formed beneath Shi Feng’s feet; the pitch-black light that the array released shot into the sky.

If one watched from afar, they would discover a pillar of light rise up from the canyon’s forest.

The 23 weapons then disintegrated and transformed into 23 balls of pure, golden energy that melded into the magic array.

After the golden energy balls vanished, Shi Feng heard chains snap. Following which, a dragon’s roar echoed throughout the canyon, causing the monsters in the area to drop to the ground, paralyzed with fear.

As if their lives had been stolen from them, the plants around Shi Feng began to wither before eventually turning into ash. This phenomenon continued to spread, only stopping after it had extended 20 yards away from Shi Feng.

In the next moment, the Abyssal Blade reformed into a sharp, silver sword with engraved, crimson runes on its blade, radiating a faint bloodlust. The runes gave off a sinister feeling. However, Shi Feng did not pay much attention to the changes that had occurred as he clicked the “Upgrade” button once more.

This time, to level up the Abyssal Blade from 35 to 40, although the number of sacrificial weapons had not changed, it now required Level 40 weapons.

To current players, Level 40 top-tier weapons were utterly out of their reach. After all, even the number one players on empires’ Ranking Lists were only Level 39. They were still far from Level 40, not to mention obtaining Level 40 Dark-Gold Weapons.

Shi Feng, however, had plenty of Level 40 Fine-Gold Weapons. Previously, while farming for designs, he had killed tons of high-ranking Field bosses. He even had a godly Skill like Divine Providence to assist him. He had piles of Level 40 weapons in stock. Hence, he could easily offer the Abyssal Blade the required 23 articles.

The Abyssal Blade leveled up once more.

Compared to the previous black magic array, a twofold magic array now appeared beneath Shi Feng’s feet. The array’s radius had also expanded from the previous 15 yards to 45 yards. In the next moment, a massive pillar of black light appeared in the middle of the canyon. Even those standing at the canyon’s entrance could see the pillar of light clearly, much less the players within the map.

“What’s that?”

“What’s going on with those monsters?”

The players grinding in the canyon were momentarily stunned.

The pillar of black light towered like a mountain. Everyone felt as if they were suffocating while they bathed in the pillar’s pressure. It felt as if their fate were no longer in their own hands.

Shortly after, the pillar of black light faded. However, before anyone could feel relieved, a deafening dragon roar shook Howling Moon Canyon. This roar was so powerful that it even frightened some of the weaker monsters to death. The players inside the canyon had not fared much better as every one of them slumped to the ground, trembling.

“Is there a legendary monster over there?”

“Why don’t we go take a look? It might be a fortuitous encounter or some kind of rare Boss! If we can kill it, we might be set for life!”

Although the numerous parties were afraid, they were also excited.

There were many fortuitous encounters in God’s Domain. One frequently read such stories being on the official forums. There were many cases where unknown noobs miraculously stumbled across a powerful treasure, instantly becoming a famous local expert. Either that or they could make a fortune from selling the treasure they obtained and gear themselves with powerful equipment, earning countless players’ envy.

Hence, compared to dying, the players in Howling Moon Canyon were more eager to obtain the treasure. This might very well be a turning point in their lives.

At this moment, however, the source of the pillar of light was a disaster. Every plant and monster within a radius of 100 yards had been turned into ash. Currently, only one man and one sword resided in the center of this desolate area.