Chapter 868 - Abyss Town

Chapter 868 – Abyss Town

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“This place is certainly deserted.”

Aside from noticing a few players in the Teleportation Hall, Shi Feng rarely came across any other players, even as he walked the Trade Area’s streets.

It was hard to imagine that there were once millions of players living in this city.

Now that the Abyss Passage had appeared, the kingdom’s other cities had long since fallen; only the Twin Towers Kingdom’s capital had withstood the invasion. The abyssal monsters had transformed the various cities into nests. Players couldn’t level up safely in the fields anymore.

Hence, the majority of the players in the Twin Towers Kingdom had migrated to neighboring kingdoms and empires. Moreover, due to the Abyss Invasion, teleporting from the Twin Towers Kingdom to other kingdoms and empires was now free of charge. Players did not need to worry about being buried with the Twin Towers Kingdom.

Although the Twin Towers Kingdom was the abyssal invasion’s main target, the surrounding countries had also been significantly affected. As a result, the Black Dragon Empire experienced a flood of refugee players, causing the empire’s player population to soar.

The capital’s Shops were completely void of players.

However, although there were only a few players left in the city, none of the Guilds who owned the Lands here had any intentions of selling them.

None of them were fools.

The Abyss Passage’s activation was simply an expansion pack. The kingdom would soon revert to its original state. They wouldn’t sell their Lands rashly and hurt their opportunities in the future.

However, Shi Feng had not come here to purchase Land. Immediately, he searched for a deserted area and used Space Movement, traveling towards Snow Field City.

After abyssal monsters had invaded the Twin Towers Kingdom, every other city’s Teleportation Hall had been rendered unusable, aside from the capital city’s. If one wanted to travel to these cities, they had to do so on foot.

Although Shi Feng had a Mount, it would take over a week to reach Snow Field City from the capital. Hence, Space Movement was the fastest method.

If players wanted to earn Merits by killing abyssal monsters, Snow Field City was the best location to do so.

This was because the most dangerous location was also the safest.

Although Snow Field City was where the Abyss Passage had opened, the high-level abyssal monsters that had emerged had long since wandered off. The abyssal monsters remaining in Snow Field City could be considered the lowest-leveled bunch.

Players had discovered this after experiencing multiple Abyss Invasions.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng needed to find an optimum location to set up a Teleportation Magic Array. After that, money would flow into his pockets without him having to lift a finger.

As Shi Feng used Space Movement again and again, the abyssal monsters he teleported close to ignored him as he was the Ancient Abyssal Book’s wielder. As a result, he arrived before Snow Field City safely.

Snow Field City had already become an abyssal nest.

Abyssal monsters patrolled the city. He could also see many abyssal monsters cultivating the surrounding forest, using the reclaimed land to grow various abyssal plants. The Abyss Passage was a short distance away from Snow Field City, and situated beside the passage was a tall fortress hovering in the air. Beneath the flying fortress was a town composed of abyssal monsters. Inside this town, one could even see abyssal monsters trading with each other.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng rode the Demonic Flame Tiger into that monster town.

The Dark Abyss was not only home to bloodthirsty monsters. There were also many intelligent lifeforms in the Abyss. Like the humans of God’s Domain, the Abyss’s intelligent lifeforms had their own towns and cities. Demons were one of the intelligent abyssal monsters. However, it was practically impossible for humans to enter these towns and cities safely. Only the wielder of the Ancient Abyssal Book could explore these places.

As soon as Shi Feng arrived at the town’s main entrance, two ten-meter-tall, dark gray Level 200, Tier 3 Demons blocked his way and scrutinized him carefully.

Only after noticing the Abyss Imprint did they allow him to enter the city.

As Shi Feng entered the town, he noticed that many Demons had set up stalls on either side of the street. The items they sold could not be found in any human cities.

Very quickly, however, a Shop run by a Tier 3 Demon caught Shi Feng’s attention.

There was a massive amount of Mana Source Ore piled up in front of the Shop, exciting Shi Feng.

I never expected to find this for sale here! I’ve struck gold this time! Shi Feng immediately strode over to the Shop.

Mana Source Ore was an extremely rare ore in God’s Domain. It was used in producing high-rank weapons and equipment. If this item appeared on the market right now, players would fight over it.

Mana Source Ore only appeared in areas with intensely dense Mana.

However, there were extremely few locations with high-density Mana in God’s Domain. The Dark Abyss, on the other hand, was filled with violent Demonic Energy. Hence, Mana Source Ore could be purchased cheaply in the Dark Abyss.

Mana Source Ore’s main purpose was to improve the power of the crafting flames, allowing forgers to better refine materials.

Not only could stronger flames improve one’s refining speed, but it could also increase the success rate. Hence, the various large Guilds were desperate to obtain Mysterious Flames. However, Mysterious Flames were simply too rare. The only other option was Mana Source Ore.

When the shopkeeper noticed Shi Feng enter his Shop, a gentle expression appeared on his sinister face as he said, “My shop has the best prices around these parts. May I know if anything has caught your interest?”

“How much are you selling the Mana Source Ore for?” Shi Feng casually inquired.

“The Basic Mana Source Ore costs 3 Silver per ingot, while the Intermediate ore is 10 Silver per ingot.” The shopkeeper smiled as he glanced at the pile of Mana Source Ore outside of his Shop.

“Oh? You have Intermediate Mana Source Ore, too?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

Mana Source Ore fell into four ranks: Basic, Intermediate, Advanced, and Special. On the continent of God’s Domain, even Basic Mana Source Ore was quite rare. Basic Mana Source Ore could upgrade a flame’s power to Tier 2.

“Of course. See those blue ingots inside the glass cabinet? That is the Intermediate Mana Source Ore. When burned, it can upgrade the flame to the Tier 3 standard. At that standard, producing Epic Weapons and Equipment won’t be a problem,” the shopkeeper explained as he pointed at the deep-blue ingots.

“Excellent. I want all of the Mana Source Ore you have.” Shi Feng nodded.

“Sir, this is your lucky day. We just recently restocked. We have 30,000 ingots of Basic Mana Source Ore and 2,000 ingots of Intermediate Mana Source Ore. That will cost a total of 1,100 Gold,” the shopkeeper excitedly reported.

What a profit! Shi Feng was instantly ecstatic when he heard this price.

It was no wonder why the Ancient Abyssal Book’s wielders in his previous life had all been extremely rich. Back then, a one Basic Mana Source Ore ingot could sell for anywhere from 50 to 60 Silver, while the Intermediate version could sell for around 3 Gold. Even so, very few players had been willing to sell their ingots as forgers had treated the Mana Source Ore like a priceless treasure.