Chapter 866 - Number One Bounty

Chapter 866 – Number One Bounty

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Isn’t that Hell Fiend, this year’s audition host?”

“Why is he dead?!”

“What happened here?”

When the players attending the audition saw Hell Fiend’s corpse on the ground, the quiet corridor erupted with noise as they fell into a heated discussion.

Who was Hell Fiend?

What was this place?

Everyone knew the answers to these questions.

Yet, Hell Fiend had died here…

News of Hell Fiend’s death in the Divine Colosseum spread like wildfire. Posts about the incident filled the front page of the Glory Empire’s official forums. There were even commentary videos and photos showing Hell Fiend’s corpse. Instantly, this incident caused a commotion that swept throughout the Glory Empire. Every player in the empire was curious about what exactly had happened.

—

Inside King’s Return’s Guild Residence:

“Lotus, you were there. What happened?” a dignified, middle-aged man sternly demanded after he finished reading the report he had received.

This man was none other than the Thunder Sword of King’s Return, Broken City, one of the Super Guild’s upper echelons. Even the Adjudicators had to treat Broken City with great respect. However, this was not only due to the man’s status in the Guild, but also because of Broken City’s strength. The man was one of the strongest fighting forces in King’s Return.

Hell Fiend’s assassination was by no means a trivial matter. He had even died inside King’s Return’s territory. King’s Return had become a laughingstock among the Super Guilds over this incident.

“This is the video I recorded.” Praying Lotus forwarded her video, which displayed Shi Feng’s assassination of Hell Fiend, to Broken City.

In the video, Hell Fiend had died almost instantly without any time to resist.

This video made Broken City’s eyes twitch in anger.

He was very familiar with Hell Fiend’s combat standards. Theoretically, it was impossible for the young man to blunder so severely. If Hell Fiend had not fallen into a daze for that brief instant, he could’ve survived that attack.

“Lotus, what happened during that instant?” Broken City asked as he turned to the Oracle with a serious expression.

Although Praying Lotus had made a recording of the battle, there were many things that could not be felt through watching a video. He also did not think that Hell Fiend would die such a foolish death.

Following which, Praying Lotus relayed the events that had occurred in the corridor, particularly emphasizing the moment when Shi Feng had attacked Hell Fiend.

No matter how much she may have wanted to, she could never forget the feeling of that intense mental oppression. Even the oppression she felt from the Guild’s old monsters could not come close to Shi Feng’s. There had also been that sudden burst of mental oppression she had felt when Shi Feng launched his attack. In that instant, that oppression had far surpassed even that of Grand Lords. During that moment, she felt as if she had been an ant, waiting for some monster to squish her to death.

“Mental oppression?” Broken City’s expression turned somber.

He had never imagined that God’s Domain would have such an expert.

He finally understood why Hell Fiend had died so easily.

In a fight between experts, life and death could be determined in an instant. This fact could not be any more real than in a game like God’s Domain.

“Lotus, notified the players below immediately. I don’t care what methods they use; they must find this person! Also, place a bounty of 20,000 Gold on the man’s head. Those who can provide clues leading to him can earn a reward of 100 to 500 Gold! We need to show everyone that any player who dares to strike against King’s Return and use us as a stepping stone will only find death!” Broken City commanded.

This assassination was a serious matter. This was the first time King’s Return had suffered such a loss from an assassin outside of the Flower of Seven Sins. If they failed to display their strength properly, they would only become a laughingstock for other Super Guilds.

Hearing Broken City’s orders, Praying Lotus was shocked.

Twenty thousand Gold was no small amount. With this much money, they could easily hire a top-class expert from the Flower of Seven Sins.

However, Praying Lotus also understood that it would not be easy to deal with Hell Fiend’s killer.

It would have been a different story if the other party had revealed their identity. The crucial issue was that the other party had not done so. As a result, they had to rely on his class and temperament to locate him. However, how large was God’s Domain? Just how many players did the game have?

Moreover, God’s Domain was somewhat different from other virtual reality games. The game’s experts were not only from the virtual gaming world. There was also a large number of real-life martial artists who had joined God’s Domain. After all, God’s Domain could be played without affecting one’s daily life. On the contrary, it could give someone more free time, allowing them to do more with their life. The game practically extended one’s lifespan. Who knew just how many unknown experts roamed about God’s Domain?

Furthermore, even if they looked into the motive behind Hell Fiend’s assassination, finding the killer would not be any easier.

It would be a simple matter if that person had only killed Hell Fiend out of revenge or for a bounty. However, what if the player had done so to gain fame and prove his strength?

There were countless players in God’s Domain who would be so daring.

This would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack.

Such incidents often occurred every day. There were some who used Guilds to become famous, while others used well-known experts to become famous. It was typical for players to use Super Guilds’ experts to garner fame. Moreover, such incidents had occurred many times in the past. Among them, the most famous case regarded Silver from the Flower of Seven Sins.

Silver had used the upper echelons of several Super Guilds to build his fame. Although these Super Guilds had tried to retaliate, they were all helpless against the man. Aside from Silver’s personal strength, he had extremely powerful backing. In the end, the various Super Guilds had been forced to compromise.

However, unlike Hell Fiend’s killer, Silver had not hidden his identity. Hence, the only way they could possibly locate this killer was to offer an astronomical bounty.

Shortly after, news regarding the bounty King’s Return had announced spread throughout God’s Domain.

The bounty of 20,000 Gold stupefied everyone.

The previous top player on the Bounty List had only been worth 8,000 Gold. This was, by far, a new record in God’s Domain.

“King’s Return is insane! That’s 20,000 Gold they’re talking about! If I had that much money, I wouldn’t have to work for the rest of my life.”

“This is too cool! If a Super Guild placed a 20,000 Gold bounty on me, I could die with pride.”

“But why isn’t there a mention of the target’s name?”

“Silver fire burns in both of his eyes. He also has a chilling vibe about him. Why don’t we call him Frost Eye?”

“Frost Eye? That sounds like a fitting name. A chilling aura and silver eyes. I can picture that person easily with that name.”

After the bounty had gone public, it was all many players throughout God’s Domain could talk about. Many also started to idolize Shi Feng. For countless players, both Hell Fiend’s strength and his background were unattainable. Now, however, a mysterious expert had slain a powerful existence like Hell Fiend.

Moreover, as everyone thought that the nickname Frost Eye was rather fitting for the image King’s Return had published of Shi Feng, the nickname spread like wildfire.

As a result, another top-tier assassin had emerged in God’s Domain; his name was Frost Eye.

However, Shi Feng, the incident’s culprit, was clueless about this as he had long since returned to the Candlelight Trading Firm in White River City and was carefully studying the ancient book.