Chapter 862 - The Hidden Effect Of Magic Weapons

Chapter 862: The Hidden Effect of Magic Weapons

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 862 – The Hidden Effect of Magic Weapons

After upgrading the Abyssal Blade twice in a row, the Magic Weapon’s appearance had changed significantly.

The sword was now pure silver with blood-red runes engraved across the blade. There was also a faint layer of black mist enveloping the sword. The hilt bore a miniature black dragon which looked astonishingly lifelike.

Despite part of the sword’s blade being buried in the ground, Shi Feng could feel a significant oppression from the weapon; even he felt slightly uncomfortable.

Even after Shi Feng had firmly held onto the Abyssal Blade, the oppressive feeling still did not disappear.

To think it would be so powerful at Level 40… If I upgrade it two or three more times, I won’t be able to wield it in battle.

Shi Feng both rejoiced and felt helpless as he gazed at the silver Abyssal Blade.

There were weapons capable of mentally oppressing players in God’s Domain. However, this was definitely the first time Shi Feng had seen a weapon that would also oppress its user.

When expert players fought ordinary players, they could similarly exert a significant mental oppression. This mental oppression could dull an opponent’s reactions and weight down their movement, which would, in turn, reduce their combat powers significantly. But against experts of similar standards, this mental oppression was practically negligible.

However, the mental oppression that God’s Domain’s weapons and equipment exuded was different from that of players.

This kind of mental oppression resembled what players felt when they faced Grand Lord ranked monsters. Not only could it dull players’ thought processes, but it could also increase players’ Stamina consumption rate. It was precisely this reason that Grand Lords were so difficult to deal with. It was practically impossible to rely on numbers to defeat Grand Lords.

Even expert players would suffer tremendously against a Grand Lord’s mental oppression. It would be impressive if an expert could even exert 60% or 70% of their actual combat power.

Yet, the mental oppression the Abyssal Blade released was stronger than that of Grand Lords. Even an expert of Shi Feng’s level would squirm under this mental oppression, affecting their combat power slightly.

Following which, Shi Feng tightened his grip on the Abyssal Blade and slashed at the empty space before him.

Earth Splitter!

Hua!

A streak of silver light slammed into the ground, stretching out over 30 yards. When the light vanished, it revealed a deep trench in the ground wide enough to fit three people lying shoulder to shoulder. The tench was nearly five meters deep. Earth Splitter’s power was now far stronger than when he had used the Skill in the past. Moreover, swinging the Abyssal Blade also felt completely different.

However, what shocked Shi Feng the most was the sudden burst of mental oppression when he activated his Skill.

Under this mental oppression, even an expert like Shi Feng would lose nearly 40% of his combat power. Weaker experts might even experience a 50% decrease. Factoring in the element of surprise, the mental oppression might even increase further.

So strong! Sure enough, Magic Weapons are quite scary!

Shi Feng was at a loss for words as he examined the Abyssal Blade’s statistics.

[Abyssal Blade] (One-handed Sword, Magic Weapon) Attack Power +1,204 All Attributes +72 Attack Speed +20 Ignore Levels +15

Attacks have: 60% chance to cause 200% damage. 30% chance to cause 300% damage. Every attack increases damage by 2% to a maximum of 20%.

If wielder belongs to a Swordsman-related class, all Skill Levels +4. Increase Free Ability Points received for every increase in Level by 2 points.

Equipment Level 40. Can be upgraded. (Devour thirty Level 45 Fine-Gold Weapons and ten Level 45 Dark-Gold Weapons to upgrade to Level 45). Equipment Tier 1. Can be evolved (Devour ten Mana Crystals to evolve to Tier 2).

Additional Skill 1: Phantom Kill (Tier 1). Instantly creates a doppelganger under the wielder’s control. Doppelganger has 80% of the wielder’s Attributes and all Skills. The wielder can swap positions with the doppelganger at any time. Duration: 1 minute, 10 seconds Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 2: Abyssal Bind (Tier 1). Binds enemies and prevents movement, reducing Defense by 100%. Duration: 4 seconds Cooldown: 50 seconds

Additional Skill 3: Nine Dragons Slash (Tier 1). Instantly creates twelve phantoms of the Abyssal Blade for wielder’s use; each phantom sword deals up to 60% damage. Duration: 30 seconds Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 4: Abyssal Curse (Tier 1). Prevents all targets within a radius of 30 yards from moving or attacking for 6 seconds and reduces their Attributes by 20% for 10 minutes. Effect doubles if there is only one target within range. Cooldown: 30 minutes

Additional Profound Inheritance: Black Emperor (Tier 1). When activated, every critical hit will accumulate one stack of Death Aura. Each stack can be used to increase all Attributes by 2% and Attack Speed and Movement Speed by 1% for 10 seconds or to reduce the Cooldown of a skill by 3 seconds. Maximum of 33 stacks of Death Aura. Duration: 10 minutes Cooldown: 10 hours

The Famed Smith Olysses personally created the Abyssal Blade using the Black Dragon King’s fangs as material. It is one of thirty-six Famed Swords, ranking 31st. However, the Black Dragon King himself has cursed this sword. Beyond the immense strength the blade offers, the wielder must face a Backlash after a certain amount of time. However, after Jack had remodeled the Abyssal Blade with a Star Crystal, the strength of the Backlash has reduced greatly. If the wielder is unable to suppress the Backlash, the wielder will receive the Black Dragon King’s curse, permanently reducing all Attributes by 50%. Unable to be dropped. Unable to be traded. Unable to be destroyed.

Purely regarding Attributes, the Abyssal Blade was no longer weaker than Epic Weapons. Now that it had gained the hidden effect of exuding mental oppression, it was a tool for slaughter.

“It seems that I’ll have to make some time to get used to this kind of mental oppression.” Even now, when Shi Feng thought back to the burst of mental oppression that had occurred when he had used a Skill, he was still somewhat afraid. If, when he faced a powerful enemy, this mental oppression affected him at a crucial moment, he would only have himself to blame if he lost the battle.

However, when Shi Feng returned the Abyssal Blade to its sheath, the mental oppression vanished.

“Oh? Someone actually dared to come here?” Just as Shi Feng was about to leave, he discovered someone attempting to sneaking up on him. This person was highly skilled with their stealth techniques. However, this person’s light footwork was secondary. The frequency of this person’s movements was crucial. This person had matched the rhythm of their footsteps to his own.

Expert players were powerful because of their ability to push their body’s five senses and power to its very limits. With heightened senses, even a player in Stealth would not escape detection. After all, Stealth only made a player invisible; it did not eliminate a player’s presence.

However, it was far more difficult for expert players to perceive those capable of matching their movement frequency. After all, a person’s five senses mainly functioned to detect existences on different frequencies. It was very easy for a player to ignore those on the same wavelength.

The Assassin sneaking up on Shi Feng was actually capable of matching his frequency.

Unfortunately, the strength difference between the two players was simply too massive. Despite having matched his frequency, Shi Feng detected the Assassin easily.

“A pity,” Shi Feng laughed. He then vanished from where he stood.

Void Steps!

When Shi Feng disappeared, the young man, a Level 18 Assassin, dropped his jaw in shock, not daring to believe what he had just seen. A Swordsman player had actually vanished right before his eyes.

“How did he disappear? Can Swordsmen learn the Stealth Skill as well?” The Assassin youth ran to where Shi Feng had disappeared from in an attempt to make sense of what had just happened.

However, before the Assassin youth came anywhere near his destination, his body froze with fright.

By the time he realized it, a chilling, blue longsword had appeared at his neck. Had he taken another step forward, that blue longsword would’ve sliced his head clean off.