Chapter 863 - Audition

Chapter 863: Audition

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

“Brat, you sure have guts to run all the way here.” Shi Feng smiled faintly as he spoke to the stealthed Assassin youth.

At Level 18, there was no way that he could make up for the massive difference between their Attributes, regardless of how proficient he was with his stealth techniques.

Shi Feng had simply intended to leave the area. However, after discovering this Assassin, he changed his mind.

He had done so because he was impressed with this youth’s strength. In the past, the youth had also been very famous in Star-Moon Kingdom.

The Afterimage Assassin, Soundless!

Shi Feng had encountered Soundless in the past.

Soundless had garnered fame in the past due to the mess he had made of Ouroboros.

Not only had Soundless targeted the first-rate Guild, but he had also targeted its Guild Leader, Cao Chenghua. Soundless had actually succeeded in killing Cao Chenghua for a total of three times.

This incident had humiliated Ouroboros thoroughly. It wouldn’t have been so bad if Cao Chenghua’s killer had been a well-known assassination expert in the virtual gaming world. However, a nameless Assassin had claimed his life not once, but three times.

After that incident, Ouroboros had tried furiously to get rid of Soundless.

In the end, however, the Guild had failed to do anything about the Assassin.

A single independent player had actually stood against a first-rate Guild.

This had been an incredibly rare occurrence even throughout God’s Domain, not to mention a small country like Star-Moon Kingdom.

As news of Soundless’s achievement spread, many large Guilds had attempted to recruit the Assassin. Some Guilds had even offered a portion of their shares to gain his membership. However, Soundless had paid no attention to the offers he received, refusing to join any Guild.

After some more time, Soundless started a journey through God’s Domain to challenge the various experts on the continent. Of course, he had not remained undefeated. However, even after a defeat, he had lost gloriously. After all, the victors had not been ordinary experts. Every one was a top-class expert in God’s Domain; some were even old monsters from various Super Guilds.

The Assassin had earned those old monsters’ favorable opinions and high evaluations. Some of those Super Guilds had even stretched out an olive branch in an attempt to recruit Soundless.

After all, despite his age, Soundless already qualified to challenge those old monsters. Needless to say, his future would be brilliant. In the end, even the first-rate Guild Ouroboros had no choice but to surrender and offer corresponding compensation. Soundless had become an idol that many independent players revered.

However, Soundless had always mingled in Star-Moon City. Shi Feng had never imagined that the youth would appear in White River City.

Now that he had encountered such an expert, Shi Feng could not miss this chance to get acquainted.

Currently, despite facing the pressure Shi Feng exuded, Soundless showed no hint of fear. Rather, reverence filled his eyes as he looked at the Swordsman.

This was the first time Soundless had encountered such a situation.

He had always been proud of his stealth techniques.

Although he was only Level 18, even Level 35 Guild elite players had failed to notice him when he stood beside them, yet despite being over 60 yards away from Shi Feng, the latter had discovered him…

Moreover, before he had realized it, a blue longsword had appeared against his neck.

He felt as if he were dreaming.

However, the icy sensation he felt at his neck reminded him that this was not a dream, but reality.

Although Shi Feng’s Level was much higher than his, he could tell that the gap between them was not simply a case of Attributes. Even the gap between their techniques was despairingly wide.

“Brother Expert, please don’t misunderstand! I just came here to take a look!” Soundless hurriedly explained as he faintly felt the longsword move forward.

While there were many fortuitous encounters in God’s Domain, banditry was even more commonplace.

When one encountered another player trying to plunder their fortuitous encounter, they would take out said player without hesitation.

“You came to take a look?” Shi Feng laughed. He retrieved Killing Ray and said, “Alright, then. I believe you. However, you best stay far away from this kind of place in the future. Next time, you won’t be as lucky.”

The youth had mistaken the turmoil the Abyssal Blade had caused as a fortuitous encounter…

If not for Soundless’s late timing, the Abyssal Blade’s shockwaves would have certainly killed him.

Soundless had wanted to respond, but Shi Feng had vanished before he could utter a world. This time, however, Shi Feng had not used Void Steps. Instead, he used the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Space Movement to return to White River City.

Soundless was dumbstruck when he saw Shi Feng vanish, his reverence of Shi Feng growing even more intense.

To come and go without leaving a trace, Shi Feng was even more of an assassin than an Assassin like himself.

“So strong! I wish I had even half of his abilities! Zero Wing’s Ye Feng, is it? I must convince him to mentor me!” After recovering from his momentary stupor, Soundless retrieved a Return Scroll and activated it. He planned to join Zero Wing right away.

Previously, he had dismissed the idea of Guilds, thinking that Guilds’ elites and experts were decent at best. However, after seeing Shi Feng’s frightening performance, he finally understood how little he knew.

Elsewhere, Shi Feng had no idea that his display had attracted the Afterimage Assassin to join Zero Wing. He had only intended to establish an initial connection with the youth and later attempt to recruit him gradually. After all, independent experts like Soundless had a lot of pride. In the past, even after Super Guilds had extended an invitation, he had rejected their offers.

After returning to White River City, Shi Feng traveled to the Teleportation Hall and towards Light City.

When Shi Feng arrived in Light City, he discovered a crowd of players in the Teleportation Hall. Every one of these players was extraordinary, with most of them being Level 35 or above. One would not find a crowd like this in White River City or Star-Moon City.

Many players who had traveled to Light City were stunned by what they saw.

Just as Shi Feng wondered how he should search for Hell Fiend, a sudden commotion across the street attracted his attention.

“King’s Return’s audition has begun! Let’s hurry over and check it out!”

“I heard that more than a million players are participating in this audition. There are over six million players here to watch! This is the grandest recruitment competition King’s Return has ever held!”

“I know, right? Right now, God’s Domain is insanely popular. Even King’s Return has made some slight adjustments to how many people they will recruit this time. Instead of recruiting 100 people like usual, they are recruiting up to 300. I even heard that the upper echelons will be here to observe the auditions.”

“I heard that Hell Fiend, the newest Adjudicator, will be watching. If I had even one-third of his abilities, I could secure first place! I’d get to enjoy the benefits of a core member!”

“Keep dreaming! I’m not as greedy as you. I don’t need one-third; one-fifth will be enough for me.”

Swarms of players on the street were discussing the event.

“Recruitment competition?” Shi Feng could not help his smile after overhearing these conversations. “This is a good opportunity.”