Chapter 877 - Brutal Massacre

Chapter 877 – Brutal Massacre

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Shi Feng sent a glance at White Night and the others, who were currently still locked in combat.

From the current state of their battle, they were performing much better than he initially expected.

At this moment, Shi Feng had to admit that Owl was indeed an adventurer team on par with the Midnight Tea Party. There was quite a number of capable experts among them. If Zero Wing’s main force were the ones fighting here today, they would’ve long since fallen to these Mutants.

In particular, White Night, who was pinning down the Chieftain Mutant, had already achieved perfection in terms of Skill utilization. Shi Feng estimated that every one of White Night’s Skills had a Completion Rate of at least 90%. Despite fighting in such a cramped and dangerous environment, White Night still managed to achieve such results. Moreover, his control and utilization of his surrounding environment were similarly at a breathtaking level. Shi Feng did not think that even he himself could perform any better than White Night in this aspect.

In addition, White Night’s predictions of the Chieftain Mutant’s movements were extremely accurate.

Although the Level 50 Chieftain Mutant was not as strong as a Level 50 Grand Lord, it was not that far off, either. Even with the effects of the Extreme Frost Field and suppression barrier, a player at White Night’s Level would still face extreme difficulty evading the Chieftain’s attacks, not to mention doing so in such a cramped environment and without exposing any of his allies to the Chieftain’s attacks.

If White Night could not predict the Chieftain Mutant’s movements one or two seconds ahead, it would be utterly impossible for him to guide the Chieftain’s attacks accurately.

Unfortunately, although White Night and the other members of Owl were amazing, it was obvious that the Mutants had the advantage in this battle. As more time passed, the combat power of the Mutants would increase as well. It was only a matter of time before White Night and the others were wiped out.

“Don’t misunderstand. I’m not here to look for trouble,” Shi Feng said as he took another glance at the overall situation of the battle. Seeing the anxious and slightly hostile expressions White Night and the others were wearing, he could not help but laugh as he said, “Moreover, even if I came to look for trouble, I could simply just stand to one side and watch. In any case, these monsters will kill you guys eventually.”

When everyone heard Shi Feng’s words, they wanted to rebuke him. In the end, however, their words got stuck in their throats.

This reaction wasn’t just due to the strength Shi Feng had displayed. It was also because Shi Feng’s words were not wrong.

“May I know if fellow friend would be willing to help us out? After the battle, you can have all the loot of these monsters. We won’t take anything.” White Night took the initiative to ask after giving the situation some thought.

“Big Brother White, these monsters are so powerful. The loot they drop will definitely be very amazing. Moreover, we’ve only managed to reach this point after sacrificing so much. Yet, now, we’re giving all the benefits to someone else…” Frozen Dream immediately panicked upon hearing White Night’s proposal to Shi Feng. Although they were indeed in a precarious situation, she did not think that Shi Feng would have a way to deal with these many Mutants. Both sides needed to work together in order to have a chance to eliminate these Mutants. Rather than just giving up all the loot, they should negotiate with Shi Feng. At the very least, they should ask to get the quest item.

The other members of Owl similarly grew anxious.

However, they also knew that White Night was doing this for them.

While in this area, there were only two methods for them to leave. Either they killed all of the Mutants, or they were killed by the Mutants. Judging by the current momentum of the battle, it was only a matter of time before they died—and they would suffer significant losses if they died. Aside from losing a Level, they would also drop a piece of equipment. It would take them a long time to recuperate from such a loss.

“Alright.” Shi Feng nodded as he looked at White Night retreating while fighting the Chieftain Mutant.

In reality, even if White Night did not make such a proposal, he would still help them exterminate these Mutants in order to form a connection with the future legendary adventurer team. He could get White Night to owe him a favor by doing so.

White Night was a man who stood by his word. As long as he promised something, he would definitely do it.

Back then, the Ranger had owed the Super Guild King’s Return a favor. In the end, he had started a war with King’s Return’s rival, the Super Guild Pantheon, without hesitation, aiding King’s Return in securing a war fortress.

A war fortress was different from a player-established city or town, which had a fixed location. A war fortress could move, only it was very costly to shift around. However, it was the perfect tool to attack cities and devastate lands. At the same time, a war fortress could also serve as a small-scale city. It could move to the latest leveling maps to greatly reduce the travel time of players.

The value of a war fortress was far above even that of a Legendary item.

For this reason, Pantheon had hated Owl down to the very bone. The Super Guild had even mobilized its army to assault Owl’s main headquarters. Although Owl ended up winning in the end, the adventurer team had suffered tremendous losses.

Meanwhile, although White Night had not said that he would owe Shi Feng a favor, the Ranger would definitely remember the favor Shi Feng would do him today. Just this point alone was enough for Shi Feng.

“Many thanks!”

Upon hearing Shi Feng agree to his proposal, White Night breathed out a sigh of relief. His teammates might not be convinced of Shi Feng’s strength, but if Shi Feng did not possess sufficient strength, how could he possibly have managed to treat the Silver Dragon as a Mount?

Following which, White Night had Frozen Dream write out a contract. After both sides signed the contract, they added Shi Feng to the team and appointed him the team leader.

“What’s there to thank him for? Haven’t we given him all the benefits already?” Frozen Dream silently pouted, feeling extremely displeased as she looked at Shi Feng, who was wearing a Black Cloak and had his identity hidden. She refused to believe that Shi Feng could truly do anything about these Mutants. In the end, he would just be utilizing the strength of the Silver Dragon.

However, this was the Silver Dragon’s strength, not Shi Feng’s own strength.

…

After signing the contract, Shi Feng also informed the Silver Dragon to take action.

In the next moment, the Silver Dragon let out a deafening roar, and a gigantic, silver magic array covering a radius of 500 yards appeared immediately, catching everyone within it. As soon as the magic array appeared, the Mutants began emitting white smoke from their bodies. Not only did their Defense abruptly decrease by a large margin, but even their Attack Power had weakened significantly.

“Such a powerful Spell!” At this moment, everyone fully experienced just how powerful this silver magic array was.

Originally, their attacks only dealt around -200 to -300 damage to the Common Mutants. Now, however, their damages doubled. On the other hand, the damage the Common Mutants were dealing to their MTs had decreased significantly, instantly going from around -5,000 damage per hit to around -2,000 damage per hit. This sudden development greatly lessened the burden on the MTs and healers.

Unfortunately, even with such a powerful Spell assisting them, it was still not enough to bridge the gap between the two sides.

The HPs of the Mutants were simply too high. Just the Common Mutants already possessed 1,500,000 HP, not to mention the Elite and Chieftain Mutants. The monsters had more than enough HP to exhaust them to death.

“Let’s use you all to test my new strength, then.” A hint of excitement flashed in Shi Feng’s eyes as he looked at the clumped-up Mutants.

In the next moment, Shi Feng activated Silent Steps and appeared behind a Common Mutant.

Chop!

-6,417.

Thundering Flash!

-3,405, -8,717, -7,004, -10,214.

Thunder Flame Explosion!

-12,137.

The Common Mutant’s HP rapidly flowed away like running water. Even Shi Feng’s normal attacks dealt around -2,200 to -2,300 damage.

When the members of Owl saw Shi Feng’s damage, their eyes nearly fell out of their sockets.

The Swordsman’s damage was two to three times higher than even the extremely well-geared White Night’s.

In the next moment, Shi Feng adjusted his positioning slightly and followed up with Dragon Breath. A beam of white light instantly engulfed close to 40 Common Mutants, damage of over -20,000 points appearing above the Mutants’ heads. Some even received critical damage of over -40,000 points. Over a dozen of the Mutants struck also fell into a Fainted state on the spot.

“Just who is this person?” Frozen Dream was utterly dumbfounded at this moment.

However, what no one knew was that Shi Feng was currently under the effects of the Power of Darkness as well as the Dragon’s Dominator. Even the high HP and Defense of the Mutants could do little against his attacks.

Moreover, Shi Feng was not afraid of attracting the aggro of the Mutants at all. With his speed and mysterious footwork, none of the Mutants could close in on him at all. In fact, Shi Feng was even utilizing his high damage to gradually lure and concentrate the Common Mutants into a group. When he had gathered nearly 60 Mutants, he abruptly pointed his sword towards the sky.

Skywheel Sword!

Countless golden, divine swords rained down from the sky, trapping all the Mutants within a radius of 20 yards and dealing damage of over -5,000 points to every one of them. Immediately after, Shi Feng cast Firestorm.

Scorching flames instantly engulfed the Common Mutants.

Everyone immediately saw damages ranging from -30,000 to more than -50,000 rising through the flames. Moreover, this phenomenon repeated itself once every second for six seconds.

Shi Feng was still not done with his attacks. He retrieved a silvery-gray Tier 2 Magic Scroll from his bag and unfurled it, rapidly chanting the incantation recorded within the scroll. Suddenly, numerous silver whirlwinds appeared amid the group of Mutants, continuously garroting them, dealing over -20,000 damage each second for four seconds.

Tier 2 Spell, Storm Garrote!

Due to the silver whirlwinds’ powerful suction, these Mutants couldn’t escape the garroting at all, their HPs continuously decreasing.

This sight rendered everyone speechless.

Every one of these Mutants was a Boss-level monster. Yet, now, Shi Feng was actually fighting them as if they were weak, low-level monsters.

None of them knew what to say about Shi Feng’s performance.

However, the HP and Defense of these Mutants were simply too high. Although this method might work against normal Elites and Special Elites, it was totally ineffective against these monsters that had over a million HP.

Just as everyone was thinking of a way to help Shi Feng scatter the group of Mutants, Shi Feng took out another Tier 2 Magic Scroll from his bag. This time, it was the Tier 2 Spell Blizzard.

Not only did the Spell freeze these Mutants for eight seconds, but it also dealt over -40,000 damage to each of them.

After using one scroll, Shi Feng would take out another Tier 2 Magic Scroll. Moreover, it was another AOE Attack Magic Scroll.

After he went through a total of eight Tier 2 Magic Scrolls in a row, the Common Mutants, which originally had 1,500,000 HP, had less than half their HPs remaining.

“Crap, does this guy run a Magic Scroll photocopying shop or something?!” Shi Feng’s actions left everyone flabbergasted.

They could be considered a top-class adventurer team. Throughout their time playing God’s Domain, they had accumulated a significant stockpile of items. They also possessed quite a few Tier 2 Magic Scrolls. However, even for them, Tier 2 AOE Attack Magic Scrolls were still extremely rare items. Until now, their entire team had managed to collect only five of such scrolls—which they had used up on previous quests.

Now, however, Shi Feng alone had taken out eight of such Magic Scrolls!

Just as everyone thought Shi Feng had already run out of scrolls, the latter pulled out yet another Tier 2 Magic Scroll.

Everyone was now at a complete loss for words.

This was definitely the first time they had seen such an extravagant way of grinding monsters.

On the market, a single Tier 2 AOE Attack Magic Scroll currently sold for around 200 Gold. One could buy a Level 40 Dark-Gold Weapon already with that kind of money. Despite that, Shi Feng was actually using these scrolls as if they were ordinary Skills.

What no one knew was that Shi Feng really did not lack in Tier 2 Magic Scrolls. He had obtained plenty just from the various Field Bosses he had raided with Zero Wing’s main force. There were also the Magic Scrolls his Guild obtained from Hell Mode and Hard Mode Team Dungeons. Moreover, as he ventured to new high-level maps, he would often come across Bronze or Mysterious-Iron Treasure Chests. In addition, after capturing Stone Forest Town, Zero Wing had acquired many Magic Scrolls from the town’s treasury. Just the number of Tier 2 AOE Attack Magic Scrolls in Zero Wing’s possession right now came close to 100 pieces. Even the stockpiles of Super Guilds were not as well stocked as Zero Wing’s.

Meanwhile, for the operation this time, Shi Feng had prepared close to 60 Tier 2 AOE Attack Magic Scrolls—more than enough for him to massacre the Common Mutants.

When Shi Feng used the twenty-fourth scroll, the Common Mutants finally could not hold out any longer. They abruptly fell before him one after another.

The abundant amount of EXP they provided allowed Shi Feng to level up once to Level 41.