Chapter 872 - Repairing The Heavenly Dragon'S Breath

Chapter 872: Repairing the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 872 – Repairing the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath

Under White Night’s encouragement, his team overcame their worries and started moving to separate the Mutants from each other.

However, just as a Shield Warrior was about to a still-frozen Common Mutant’s aggro…

The Frozen effect, which should’ve lasted ten seconds, disappeared. As if it had been planned, six Common Mutants quickly and seamlessly surrounded the Level 38 Shield Warrior, flanking him from all sides. They then launched extremely precise, vicious attacks.

Although the Shield Warrior tried to dodge, the Mutants’ Attack Speed was frighteningly high. It took the Shield Warrior all he had to dodge two Mutants, much less six mention six. Even after using his shield to defend himself, two Mutant’s broke past his shield and struck.

The Shield Warrior lost nearly 10,000 HP from both attacks; over half of his HP had vanished in an instant.

As the Shield Warrior considered retreating, four Mutants charged forward and grabbed at him, restraining him. He could not even execute a Skill to shake the Mutants off. As for the remaining two Common Mutants, they laughed sinisterly as they thrust their weapons into the Shield Warrior, again and again, causing the Shield Warrior to scream with agony.

As if they were performing for the players, the Mutants took their time in killing the Shield Warrior.

Although the other Owl members tried to save the Shield Warrior, the other Mutants had coordinated to keep them at bay. The Mutants’ damage was also quite high. Even with a constant stream of healing, the Shield Warrior could only watch as his enemy hacked him to death. His eyes contained an endless fear as he passed away…

Everyone’s hearts grew cold as they watched, consumed by fear.

Were these monsters really monsters?

This thought penetrated the players’ minds. They had never seen monsters coordinate so perfectly before.

Aside from having a large variety of Skills, the greatest advantage players possessed was their ability to cooperate, using their strengths to make up for their companions’ weaknesses. This allowed players to challenge Bosses of higher Levels and Tiers. If monsters grasped this ability, players would lose over half of their advantages.

“Everyone, maintain your distance from these monsters! Don’t let them surround you!” White Night hurriedly shouted. Although he was also shocked, he reacted quickly. He finally understood just how difficult this quest was.

However, the Mutants had no intention of giving White Night and the others any time to recover from their stupor. Splitting into multiple, smaller groups, they charged at the magical classes in the back of the group, not bothering to waste time with the MTs and melee classes. These Mutants behaved like players, rather than monsters.

Without any defenses against this sudden development, White Night changed strategies, choosing team PvP tactics instead.

He had the melee classes circle the ranged classes, holding back the incoming Mutants as much as possible as they retreated to more advantageous terrain.

Watching from afar, Shi Feng had to admit that White Night was indeed one of God’s Domain’s legendary characters. Not only were his leadership abilities first-class, but he also had incredibly accurate observational skills and foresight. He fought like a machine. Grasping every aspect of battle perfectly, he knew who needed to do what, where to supply reinforcements, and when to use specific Skills.

Every member of the team moved like an extension of White Night himself.

Unfortunately, White Night’s team members gradually fell, one after another.

In contrast, the Mutants had yet to suffer a single loss. Everyone’s attacks only dealt around -300 damage; critical hits only managed -600. Even if they concentrate their attacks on a specific Common Mutant, the latter had 1,500,000 HP. It would take the team a long time to kill one Common Mutant, not to mention the Elite and Chieftain Mutants.

Even with appropriate commands and responses, Owl’s members could not make up for the difference in Attributes.

As White Night and the others gradually retreated from the Silver Dragon, the Mutants moved with them. This gave Shi Feng the opportunity to sneak up to the Dragon’s side.

After the black liquid had left the Silver Dragon, the Dragon’s silvery-gray body had paled to a pure silver. Despite being unconscious, the Dragon’s aura was intensely frightening. Even Shi Feng found it difficult to move once he stood 30 yards from the creature. If an ordinary player stood in Shi Feng’s shoes, they’d likely be paralyzed.

However, the closer Shi Feng came to the Silver Dragon, the greater the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath reacted.

“Does it want me to collect the Dragon’s Heart?” Shi Feng felt a headache brew as he raised his head to look at the massive Silver Dragon.

The Dragon before him loomed like a mountain. The two swords in his hands were no more than toothpicks before it.

Moreover, although the Silver Dragon was unconscious, the magic array no longer suppressed it. It had recovered to its original state.

A Level 220, Tier 5 monster!

Even if Shi Feng were allowed to hack and slash at the Dragon unhindered, he would not be able to inflict any damage.

However, Shi Feng decided to try. Unsheathing Killing Ray, he stabbed the sacred sword towards one of the Silver Dragon’s scales.

Dang!

Sparks flew when his sword collided with the silver scale.

The unconscious Silver Dragon did not even receive a mandatory -1 damage from Shi Feng’s attack. Moreover, the Silver Dragon’s HP bar still increased, little by little…

“Sure enough, damaging a Dragon with my strength is nothing more than a dream,” Shi Feng laughed bitterly.

Although he understood that White Night and the others had only wounded the Silver Dragon due to the magic array they had received from their quest, Shi Feng only truly understood how impossible it would be to slay this beast after trying it for himself.

Unable to harm the Silver Dragon, Shi Feng had no choice but to follow where his ring led.

He refused to give up on the chance of repairing the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath.

The Heavenly Dragon’s Breath had initially been a true Legendary item. If he wanted to restore the Fragmented Legendary ring, he needed three Magic Stars and a Dragon’s Heart. Among them, the Dragon’s Heart was the most difficult to obtain as Dragons were maddeningly rare in God’s Domain. Moreover, they were incomparably powerful.

With such a godsent opportunity before him, Shi Feng really would not give up easily.

The Heavenly Dragon’s Breath had not reacted to the conscious Silver Dragon in the least. However, as soon as the Silver Dragon fainted, the ring reacted. Moreover, the closer he was to the Silver Dragon, the greater the ring’s reaction was. Even after standing beside the Dragon, the ring’s grew more intense, throbbing on his finger like a pulsating heart. This indicated that there should be some method to repair the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath. Otherwise, the ring would have remained quiet.

When Shi Feng arrived before the Silver Dragon’s heart, the ring’s reaction reached its peak.

“Could it be here?” Shi Feng unsheathed Killing Ray and stabbed the Dragon.

However, like before, the Dragon’s scales were impenetrable. His attack hadn’t even left a mark.

With no other choice, Shi Feng placed the hand that wore the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath on the scales over the Silver Dragon’s heart.

At this time, the sound of a system notification reached his ears.

System: Do you wish to absorb the Dragon’s Heart?

“So, the Dragon’s Heart isn’t literally the heart of a Dragon, but the power it radiates.” Shi Feng was instantly ecstatic.

Immediately, he chose to absorb the Dragon’s Heart, afraid that he would lose this chance if he waited any longer.