Chapter 870 - Legendary Figure

Chapter 870 – Legendary Figure

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

When the silver Dragon landed, the sky darkened as a gray mist enveloped the area.

Shi Feng had still considered leaving this place. However, after seeing the gray mist envelope valley, a bitter smile appeared on his face.

“Just who are these people?”

Curiosity bloomed within Shi Feng as he looked at the flashing, golden magic array in the distance.

Regardless of the other players in the valley or why they were here, Shi Feng was shocked to see the gray mist. This was the Tier 5 Curse, Dark Sanctuary. When activated, the Spell would trap a fixed space within a barrier. Unless one destroyed the barrier or the caster removed the Spell, no one could enter or leave the barrier.

Moreover, under this Dark Sanctuary, players could not contact the outside world. Even teleportation tools and Skills were useless.

Gritting his teeth, Shi Feng dashed towards the Dragon.

The valley was not large; thus, the Dragon was not far. With Shi Feng’s speed, after running for a dozen minutes or so, he reached an area of dense forest near a lake.

The silvery-gray Dragon, bound in golden chains, stood proudly in the center of the lake, releasing one roar after another.

The lake was roughly 400 meters across. With the Dragon standing in the lake, it seemed like a small pond. Every time the Dragon slashed its claws, it created massive waves that washed over the surrounding forest.

[Silver Dragon] (Dragon, Tier 5)

Level 220

HP ? ? ? ? ? ?/ ? ? ? ? ? ?

The Frost Bone Dragon Shi Feng had faced in the Abyss Battlefield paled in comparison to this Silver Dragon. With a single swing of its claws, the Silver Dragon could easily exterminate the Frost Bone Dragon. This was because the Frost Bone Dragon was not actually a member of the Dragon race. Rather, it was an Undead creature that had taken on the appearance of a Dragon. It did not possess the power of the real thing.

Shi Feng also noticed dozens of players standing around the lake, continuously bombarding the Silver Dragon with various attacks.

These players’ Levels were quite impressive, with the lowest among them being Level 38 and the highest reaching Level 39. Including the players maintaining the magic array, it was obvious that this was a 100-man team. Currently, only super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds were capable of dispatching a team of such caliber.

Moreover, it was impossible for current players to deal any damage to the Silver Dragon, yet these players had managed exactly that. Although their damage was not high, with each of their attacks dealing one to two thousand damage.

These players were also coping with the Silver Dragon’s attacks fairly well, dodging every avoidable attack possible. For attacks that could not be evaded, the team’s five MTs worked together to protect the other players. Theoretically, even a light snort from the Silver Dragon could end these five MTs’ lives, yet even after blocking an attack from the Dragon’s claws, all five survive, being thrown backward and taking damages of -7,000 points each. To these MTs with over 17,000 HP, the damage was bearable.

“What a powerful magic array.”

Shi Feng’s attention was on the golden chains around the Silver Dragon’s body.

Shi Feng could feel faint Divine Might radiating from those chains. Although the Divine Might was not on the level of the Chains of Order, it had no problems suppressing a Tier 5 Dragon.

With the golden chains binding it, not only was the Silver Dragon’s mobility restricted, but its strength was also notably suppressed. This was also why these players could stand against the Silver Dragon. Otherwise, the Dragon would have undoubtedly killed them already.

As these players fought the Silver Dragon, Shi Feng quietly watched from a distance.

Oddly enough, not one of these players wore a Guild Emblem. They were all certainly independent players. Shi Feng found it hard to believe that such a large group of independent players could achieve such a high Levels and possess the strength to contend with the Silver Dragon.

However, when Shi Feng’s gaze fell on the man leading this 100-man team, he was flabbergasted.

That man wielded a crimson longbow. Based on his appearance, he should be in his thirties. He had a handsome face and a well-toned body that resembled a cheetah. His entire being also exuded a certain nobility, as if he ruled over all.

“Why is Owl here?” Shi Feng watched the leading Ranger, not believing his eyes.

This man’s player ID was not actually Owl. Rather, it was the name of an adventurer team.

In the past, independent players had formed many adventurer teams throughout God’s Domain. The Midnight Tea Party had been among the most famous. Like the Midnight Tea Party, Owl had been a top adventurer team.

However, unlike the Midnight Tea Party, Owl had possessed many members. The entire adventurer team had around several hundred players.

Meanwhile, the combined combat power of these players had been enough to instill fear into Super Guilds’ hearts. Moreover, unlike the Midnight Tea Party, which had not had a fixed base, Owl had successfully established its own city.

A Super Guild had even attempted to raid Owl’s city. However, after sending hundreds of thousands of players, the Super Guild returned without success. After the war, Owl had garnered fame throughout God’s Domain and ranked as one of the game’s top adventurer teams.

Owl’s creator had been none other than the man before Shi Feng, White Night.

During his peak, White Night had been capable of defeating two Tier 6 God-ranked experts from Super Guilds in a one-on-two fight.

Tier 6 God-ranked players had long since reached the very peak of God’s Domain in terms of weapons, equipment, and combat techniques. Beating one of these players in a one-on-one battle was already immensely difficult, not to mention winning a one-on-two fight.

It’s no wonder why Owl had been so impressive. Shi Feng was at a loss for words as he watched the Silver Dragon’s HP decrease, bit by bit.

Although he knew that some quest was responsible for Owl’s ability to stand against the Silver Dragon, the fact that these players had encountered such a quest in the first place showed just how extraordinary Owl was. Moreover, the longbow, chest armor, and shoes that White Night wore radiated the special effects of Epic ranked items. It was likely that one could only find such an array of items on an old monster from one of the Super Guilds.

However, those old monsters had the support of countless players. On the other hand, Owl only had several hundred players, yet they had obtained such powerful weapons and equipment. This was simply inconceivable.

“Look out for its breath attacks!” White Night suddenly shouted as he noticed the Silver Dragon open its mouth.

The other team members immediately spread out, avoiding the area in front of the Silver Dragon.

Dragons generally needed time to prepare a breath attack. However, they did not need long, roughly two or three seconds. Moreover, breath’s attack range was quite wide. If players attempted to evade after a Dragon’s breath attack had begun, they would likely be caught in the attack. However, as soon as the Dragon began to move its jaws, White Night had ordered his team to move as if he had a perfect understanding of the beast’s movements.

In the next moment, a beam of silver light smashed through the forest, obliterating everything in front of the Silver Dragon. The beam dug out a long, eight-meter-deep trench, the lake’s water pouring in to form a river…

Despite the strength suppression, the Silver Dragon could still alter the terrain with a single attack.

Dragons’ power was undeniable.

Yet, despite the Silver Dragon’s immense power, under White Night’s command, the entire team emerged unharmed.

As time quickly passed, the damage the team inflicted on the Silver Dragon compounded, diminishing the Silver Dragon’s HP.

“Everyone, keep it up! This Dragon is almost done for!” White Night shouted excitedly as he saw the Silver Dragon’s HP bar turn red.