Chapter 871 - The Ring Of Legends' Restlessness

Chapter 871 – The Ring of Legends’ Restlessness

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

As the Silver Dragon’s HP reached a critical low, Shi Feng turned and fled from the Dragon.

Shi Feng even activated Windwalk, transforming into a blur as he dashed through the thick forest.

Dragons should not be provoked. Even with the suppression from an extremely powerful magic array, they were still terrifying creatures when they went berserk.

Shi Feng understood that, with the golden magic array’s suppression, the Silver Dragon was as powerful as a Level 50, Tier 3 Great Lord.

However, Dragons were not normal monsters. Dragons were even higher on the food chain than Fallen Angels. Based on Shi Feng’s estimations, the Silver Dragon would reach at least Tier 4 after going berserk.

A Level 50, Tier 4 monster was not something current players could contend with. Owl’s 100-man team would, at the very least, have to consist fully of Tier 2 players to stand any chance against the monster.

Although Shi Feng had stood roughly 400 yards away from the Silver Dragon, he had felt the danger he was in. Hence, he fled desperately, distancing himself from the Dragon.

When Shi Feng was over 500 yards away, the Silver Dragon bellowed angrily.

“Damnable ants! You dare to ruin my plans! I’ll blast you all into oblivion!”

As if he had predicted the Dragon’s next move, White Night shouted to his team as the Silver Dragon’s voice echoed through the valley, “Everyone, retreat from the Boss’s sides! Frozen Dream, prepare to use the Tier 3 Magic Scroll!”

A beautiful, white-robed Level 39 female Elementalist standing a short distance from White Night nodded to the Ranger’s command. She then retrieved a deep-blue Magic Scroll from her bag. The instant she revealed this Magic Scroll, the surrounding Mana surged towards the item.

After its threat, the Silver Dragon’s wings shook. The golden chains around its body shattered instantly. Following which, the Silver Dragon’s body darkened to a pitch-black. A short moment later, the layer of darkness on the Dragon’s body flowed like liquid into the now-empty lake.

The creepy black liquid had a metallic luster. As the liquid slid from the Silver Dragon’s body, it caused the surrounding Mana to grow violent and transform into Demonic Energy.

The Silver Dragon abruptly fell to the ground and lost consciousness. However, as it fell asleep, its HP began to recover at a rate visible to the naked eye.

“This is the main objective! Remove the magic array! Everyone, be careful of that thing!” White Night’s mouth curled into a smile as he commanded his team to surround the pool of black liquid. “Frozen Dream, get ready!”

Although Frozen Dream did not know what was about to happen, she did not hesitate to unfurl the blue Magic Scroll and chant the incantation inside it.

An aqua-blue magic array formed beneath the Elementalist’s feet as Mana rapidly collected around her staff. The power she exuded was no weaker than a Great Lord.

In the next moment, the black liquid formed into 101 black-armored, human warriors. These warriors’ height and weapons varied, with some wielding swords and others wielding spears. There were also some who wielded crossbows, short bows, and longbows. Their Tiers were also different.

Some were Common monsters, while some were Elites. The most powerful among them, however, was a two-handed-saber-wielding humanoid Chieftain. These monsters were unanimously Level 50.

In addition, the human warriors shared one special characteristic.

Their system interfaces listed them as Mutants.

When Shi Feng saw this, he couldn’t believe his eyes.

Mutants were enemies of all life. Moreover, they were not bound by the system’s restrictions in terms of Level or region. They could grow independently and roam through God’s Domain as they wished.

Although these warriors’ Tiers were not particularly high, a single Common Mutant could rival a Lord ranked monster of the same Level, while an Elite Mutant was as strong as a High Lord. A Chieftain Mutant’s strength approached that of a Grand Lord.

However, this was only the tip of the iceberg. As time passed and these Mutants devoured and killed more monsters and players, their strengths would rapidly increase.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, a single Level 80 Common monster that had become a Mutant had been enough to torment an entire country. Meanwhile, a total of 101 Mutants had just appeared. If they were allowed to live and grow, these Mutants would annihilate every player in every country neighboring the Twin Towers Kingdom before the abyssal monsters got anywhere near them.

Suddenly, White Night shouted, “Now!”

Almost immediately, the Frozen Dream waved her staff and pointed it at the recently formed humanoid Mutants as she activated her Tier 3 Magic Scroll.

Extreme Frost Field!

Suddenly, everything within 150 yards of Frozen Dram transformed into a frozen wasteland. All 101 humanoid Mutants froze as well.

When activated, the Extreme Frost Field would instantly freeze all enemies within 150 yards for 10 seconds. In addition, all enemies in the area would suffer the Deep Cold debuff, which decreased their Movement Speed and Attack Speed by 50% and increased the frost damage they received by 100%. Extreme Frost Field was a large-scale Control Spell, and in terms of Magic Scrolls, it was only inferior to Summoning Spells and large-scale destruction Spells.

Without a sustainable Control Removal Skill, both players and monsters’ combat power would be limited under the effects of this Spell.

“Excellent! Charge!” White Night stretched his bow into a full moon as he smiled at the frozen Mutants.

Xiu… Xiu… Xiu…

Instantly, five arrows carrying the power of frost five Common Mutants’ vital points.

-715.

-697.

-1,424.

-708.

-1,417.

When the five damages appeared, everyone gasped.

“My god! Are those really Common monsters?!”

“Their Defense is higher than a Level 50 Great Lord’s!”

Every team member was shocked. Even White Night frowned when he saw the minimal damage, his expression turning grim as if he had not expected this development.

Everyone knew how powerful White Night’s equipment was.

He had a total of three Epic items, one of which was his weapon. In addition, his Epic ranked chest armor could reduce the level requirement of all items by 5 Levels. Hence, aside from his Epic items, White Night’s equipment was all Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment.

Yet, even with such a high-end weapon and equipment, his Frost Arrows had only dealt around -700 damage. This was even after the Deep Cold debuff had increased the frost damage the Mutants received by 100%.

Meanwhile, the Common Mutants had 1,500,000 HP each, while the Elite Mutants had 4,800,000 HP.

As for the largest humanoid Mutant, it had 15,000,000 HP.

Even if these Mutants stood there and did nothing, it would take a long time for their team to kill all 101 of these Mutants.

“Don’t panic! We knew that this quest wouldn’t be an easy one! Kite the Elites and Chieftain first! We’ll deal with these monsters one by one! Try to conserve as much of your Stamina as possible!” White Night commanded after he readjusted his mood. He knew exactly what they needed to do right now.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng, who stood far from Owl’s 100-man team, stared at the unconscious Silver Dragon. Strangely, the Fragmented Legendary ring on his finger was reacting to the Silver Dragon.