Chapter 876 - Breathtaking Shi Feng

Chapter 876 – Breathtaking Shi Feng

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

The Silver Dragon’s words already posed some temptation for Shi Feng in the first place.

After hearing the contents of the system notification, he was further stunned.

System: Congratulations! You have obtained the recognition of the Dragon race.

System: Congratulations! You have learned the language of Dragons.

System: Hidden Quest “Life Redemption” triggered. Do you wish to accept this quest?

So there’s such a benefit for resealing the Silver Dragon as well. After taking a look at the system notification window, Shi Feng shifted his gaze back to the Silver Dragon.

Dragons weren’t just incomparably powerful. They also loved collecting treasure. If he could complete this quest relating to the Dragon race, the potential rewards would definitely be much more bountiful than those from quests given by human NPCs.

Originally, White Night and the others were the ones who should’ve received this quest. Now, however, Shi Feng had accidentally stolen this opportunity from them.

“Sure, but what will I get in return?” Shi Feng asked, smiling as he looked at the fallen Silver Dragon. In any case, he was not in a rush to go anywhere. Hearing the Dragon out wouldn’t hurt.

“I know that you humans are always in pursuit of power. I know of a certain location. At that place, there is a Secret Technique tablet that powerhouses among you humans are always dreaming of obtaining. If you can release me and help me vanquish those Mutants, I can send you to that place,” the Silver Dragon said slowly.

“Secret Technique tablet?” Shi Feng was shocked despite himself.

He truly never imagined that this Hidden Quest he triggered would actually offer such a bountiful reward.

If he could obtain an additional Secret Technique tablet, he would be able to nurture even more Guild experts.

“Alright, I agree to your offer,” Shi Feng answered without hesitation.

System: Hidden Quest “Life Redemption” accepted.

Quest content: Help the Silver Dragon kill the Mutants.

Such good opportunities did not come easily.

Currently, Shi Feng was still utterly helpless about the golden tablet quest. That mysterious youth was simply too powerful. Shi Feng simply had no chance to complete the quest at his current Level. Dealing with the Mutants, on the other hand, was much less demanding.

These Mutants had appeared just recently. They had not undergone any growth as yet and were currently at their weakest. Hence, it would be significantly easier to kill them. If he were to give the Mutants ten days or half a month, even he would be helpless to do anything about them.

Following which, Shi Feng destroyed the stone altar once more and liberated the Silver Dragon.

“Though I cannot get too close to those Mutants, I can support you from the sidelines!” Looking at the chains binding its body disappearing, the Silver Dragon extended one of its massive claws to Shi Feng and said, “Hop on. I will bring you over to the battlefield. Given free rein, those Mutants will only grow stronger as time passes. We need to exterminate them as quickly as possible.”

Without hesitation, Shi Feng hopped directly onto the Silver Dragon’s claw.

Indeed, just as the Silver Dragon had said, even if those Mutants did not devour or kill any monsters or players, they would still grow stronger with the passage of time. Without any intervention, they would become a disaster in God’s Domain in a few days.

In his previous life, a Mutant that had been left unchecked in Star-Moon Kingdom had wreaked devastation on the kingdom. By the time players realized the severity of the situation, that Mutant had already grown into a difficult foe to defeat even with more than a hundred thousand players.

Suddenly, the Silver Dragon spread its wings and flapped them. It then flew straight out of the crater and shot into the sky.

—

“Boss, something’s not right with these Mutants!” a Level 38 male Swordsman suddenly said. “I keep feeling that they’re becoming stronger and stronger.”

“Yeah, I get the same feeling! Although there aren’t any changes to their maximum HPs, my attacks are actually doing less and less damage to them.”

“Me too! Moreover, their movements and reactions are gradually improving.”

At first, everyone had thought this was just their own misconception. However, after one person mentioned it, everyone else similarly felt that something was amiss.

If they allowed these monsters to continue strengthening, their situation would become increasingly precarious.

After all, just from a numbers point of view, they were now at a disadvantage.

Initially, there had been 101 Mutants. Now, there were still 87 of them. On the other hand, their team, which had started with 100 members, had only 64 members remaining. Most tragically, even until now, they had yet to defeat a single Elite Mutant.

Moreover, they had also used up nearly all the Magic Scrolls and tools they had brought with them.

This was the first time they had encountered such a difficult quest where they could not see any hope of victory whatsoever.

White Night, who had been kiting the Chieftain Mutant all this time, frowned deeply as well.

In truth, he, too, had long since noticed that these Mutants were becoming increasingly stronger—especially the Chieftain Mutant he was kiting. Whether it was in terms of reaction speed, Defense, or Attack Power, these monsters were receiving gradual minor improvements.

However, he was also helpless about the situation.

He had already made plenty of preparations for the quest this time. He had never thought that they would still end up failing.

Just as everyone was falling into the pits of despair, a massive figure appeared in the sky once more, the roar it released making everyone from Owl tremble.

“It’s over! We’re truly finished this time!” All their hearts sank into utter despair when they saw the Silver Dragon flying towards them.

A Tier 4 Silver Dragon was far more powerful than these Mutants they were struggling against.

They already possessed no chance of victory against these Mutants. Now that a Silver Dragon was joining the fray, they did not even have the heart to try to resist.

“Hey, look at the Silver Dragon’s claw. There seems to be a person standing there!” Frozen Dream exclaimed as she stared at the distant Silver Dragon, her beautiful eyes widening in disbelief.

The Silver Dragon was beyond terrifying. It was truly hard to imagine there would be someone capable of standing on the Dragon’s claw.

Hearing Frozen Dream’s words, everyone promptly focused their gazes on the Dragon’s claws.

“Isn’t that the player from before?”

“I’m not dreaming, right? The Silver Dragon that was trying to kill him before has actually fallen under his control? Is he even human?”

Everyone was thunderstruck when they saw Shi Feng standing on the Silver Dragon’s claw.

Once upon a time, they had been prideful over the fact that they were in possession of either a Bronze or Mysterious-Iron Mount even before reaching Level 40. After looking at Shi Feng, however, they were just a bit short of dying from embarrassment.

As the Silver Dragon rapidly approached them, its powerful aura left everyone breathless, despite several hundred yards still separating them.

Shortly after, Shi Feng jumped down from the Silver Dragon’s claw and landed before everyone.

None of the members of Owl could find it in themselves to speak to Shi Feng. They only observed him quietly with eyes full of fear.

Just the thought of the Silver Dragon hovering above Shi Feng made them shudder.

A single snort from the Silver Dragon would be more than enough to wipe them out completely. One could say that their fates were currently in Shi Feng’s hands.

“Fellow friend, how may I help you?” At this moment, even White Night had an incomparably tense expression as he looked at Shi Feng.

Setting aside the Silver Dragon hovering above Shi Feng, just the Swordsman himself gave White Night a feeling of an unreachable existence. Even though White Night clearly couldn’t feel any danger coming from Shi Feng, the aura the latter radiated was actually somewhat superior to even a Lord ranked monster’s of the same Level.

In front of an expert of such caliber, even his prideful self had to tread with great caution.