Chapter 886 - Guild Legacy

Chapter 886: Guild Legacy

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 886 – Guild Legacy

“Uncle Yuan, this is our Guild’s biggest secret. If you just reveal it … there will be consequences, right?” Wen Hua warned, shocked by Yuan Tiexin’s decision.

To ordinary Guilds and independent players, the simulation training system was a major secret.

However, first-rate Guilds who wished to further themselves already knew this.

As for the difference between super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds, only Super Guilds and several transcendental powers knew the truth. Even super-first-rate Guilds had no clue as these Guilds assumed that the difference lay in overall strength accumulated over the years.

“Don’t worry about it. In any case, it impacts our cooperation.” Yuan Tiexin waved his hand, signaling that there was nothing wrong with revealing the truth.

Shi Feng was at a loss for words.

This was the first he had ever heard of such things.

He had never thought that there was actually such a defining difference between first-rate Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds. Moreover, there was an unknown difference between super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds. It would seem that these colossal organizations had not remained standing over so many years for no reason.

All this time, Shi Feng had assumed that the difference between Guilds only lie in their member and expert count. Now, however, it would seem that there was more to the story.

“The main reason why super-first-rate Guilds fail to gain recognition as Super Guilds is insufficient Guild Legacy[1] completion rate,” Yuan Tiexin said, a hint of envy flashing in his eyes as he mentioned “Guild Legacy completion rate.”

“Guild Legacy?” Shi Feng drew a blank. This was the first time he had heard this term.

“It’s expected that you do not know of it.” Yuan Tiexin then explained slowly, saying, “I previously mentioned the simulation training system. However, there are also differences between each Guilds’ simulation training system. Although the information super-first-rate Guilds’ training systems collect is nearly the same that Super Guilds collect, Super Guilds’ training systems possess complete legacies that can help players reach the Domain Realm. Super-first-rate Guilds’ legacies, on the other hand, are incomplete and can only help one reach the Void Realm. This makes it extremely difficult for the top-tier experts in super-first-rate Guilds to cross that final threshold.”

“That is why there are so few experts capable of reaching the Domain Realm in super-first-rate Guilds.” Shi Feng suddenly came to a realization.

The gap between a Void Realm expert and a Domain Realm expert was massive.

Moreover, as players’ Levels increased, combat techniques became extremely important. It was especially true if one wanted to obtain top-tier equipment. The Main God System would provide all sorts of trials, and these trials tested a player’s strength.

“That’s right. This is the biggest difference between super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds.” Yuan Tiexin nodded. He then added softly, “After many years of gathering information and working to improve ourselves, the Secret Pavilion has finally completed our Guild Legacy. As an upstart Guild, Zero Wing’s background is too shallow. It lacks the resources to nurture experts efficiently. Zero Wing doesn’t have a chance of competing with super-first-rate Guilds, much less Super Guilds.

“Moreover, even if Zero Wing successfully established its own simulation training system, its operation is very costly. It requires the latest High-level Energy. I believe that you understand just how difficult it is to collect High-level Energy. Like the S-rank Nutrient Fluid, one cannot purchase it with money alone.

“The Secret Pavilion is trying to expand and requires a large number of talented players. We believe that Zero Wing has great potential, and we have decided to invest in Zero Wing. In exchange for 50% of Zero Wing’s shares, not only will we supply significant funding, but we will also offer various support using the Secret Pavilion’s connections. This will allow Zero Wing to rise instantly and significantly. Furthermore, we will provide twenty slots for our training system. Your Guild wouldn’t need to create its own system,” Yuan Tiexin explained temptingly. “You might not think that twenty slots are a lot, but the Secret Pavilion has also invested in other large Guilds. Even for first-rate Guilds, we only provide ten.”

The male youth beside Yuan Tiexin was shocked when he heard the offer include twenty slots.

His performance in the Secret Pavilion was already quite impressive. Even so, he had barely earned a slot for himself.

Currently, the Secret Pavilion only had 300 or so slots for its simulation training system. It did not have enough resources to sustain any more than that, yet, they were actually offering 20 slots to Zero Wing. This proved that the Pavilion’s upper echelons were highly optimistic about Zero Wing’s potential.

The Secret Pavilion is really going all-out. It’s actually willing to offer so many generous benefits.

Although Shi Feng did not fully understand the significance of these twenty slots, seeing Wen Hua’s and the male youth’s reactions, it was obvious that these slots were extremely valuable. However, he had his own plans. “I apologize, but Zero Wing rejects your offer.”

“Rejects? Why?” Yuan Tiexin unconsciously rose from his seat. “Even first-rate Guilds hunger for an offer like this. Moreover, the Secret Pavilion is only asking for 50% of Zero Wing’s shares. We will not involve ourselves in Zero Wing’s management or development. As long as Zero Wing obtains these twenty slots, with the potential the experts in your Guild, it should not be long before they reach the Refinement Realm. At that time, you will have the foundation to expand to other countries. Zero Wing might even become a super-first-rate Guild in the future.”

“Fifty percent of Zero Wing’s shares is simply too high,” Shi Feng responded as he shook his head. “However, I am very interested in your simulation training system. I would like to buy a few slots. Is that possible?”

The Secret Pavilion’s price was indeed tempting. However, Shi Feng was very familiar with just how frightening major powers like the Secret Pavilion could be. With even 30%, the Secret Pavilion could take control of Zero Wing in the future.

The only way Shi Feng could accept this offer was if the Secret Pavilion offered a portion of its own shares in exchange. However, this was clearly not possible. Hence, Shi Feng did not bother asking.

“You want to buy a few slots?” Yuan Tiexin shook his head, laughing. “Kid, you’re taking the training slots too lightly. Do you know how intense the competition for the training slots is within the Secret Pavilion? We don’t even have enough slots to satiate our own members, much less sell them to other Guilds. How can we possibly sell any slots to Zero Wing?”

“What if I offer a high price?” Shi Feng laughed.

“A high price? Are you talking about Epic items?” Yuan Tiexin’s smile grew even brighter when he heard Shi Feng’s comment. “Shi Feng, you know that, at the end of the day, weapons and equipment are external components. Even if Epic items are quite rare, they are not nearly as important as training slots to the Secret Pavilion.”

“What if I offer a large stock of Strengthening Devices and Bronze Mounts?” Confidently, Shi Feng said, “I believe that you have already heard about the Mind Space System on the news. I suspect that you know the value of this system. This system is one of the driving forces behind major corporations investment into God’s Domain.

“If the Secret Pavilion obtains a large stock of Strengthening Devices and Bronze Mounts, it will surely gain an advantage over the various Super Guilds.”