Chapter 884 - Empress Purple Jade

Chapter 884: Empress Purple Jade

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 884 – Empress Purple Jade

The Mind Space System’s sudden launch in God’s Domain had massively impacted the real world.

Shi Feng could clearly remember that, when this system had launched in his previous life, the world had gone crazy over it.

Before the new system had been revealed, very few major corporations and financial groups had been willing to invest into God’s Domain. Most only wanted to observe. Take the Big Dipper Training Center for example. Although the corporation’s higher-ups had known about God’s Domain, none of them had paid particular attention to the game. Instead, they had focused on developing the training center itself. The other corporations within the city shared similar thoughts. After all, without any clear signs of profit, who would recklessly invest in the game?

However, when the new system had been implemented, these individuals could no longer resist. Every one of these corporations had invested into God’s Domain, hoping to get a share of the pie.

Due to these people, the cost of Coins had undergone massive inflation. Shi Feng had even earned a small fortune by taking advantage of the price increases.

Considering the situation, Shi Feng immediately called Melancholic Smile and Aqua Rose, instructing them to start purchasing large sums of Coins as soon as they could log back into God’s Domain. The more Coins they amassed now, the more profit they could earn in the future.

—

Inside Big Dipper Training Center’s reception room, a middle-aged man lounged on a sofa made of soft, white tiger leather. On either side of him stood a man and a woman. Both this man and woman only looked to be around 18 or 19 years old. However, they both carried a martial artist’s aura.

“Uncle Yuan, this Shi Feng fellow is too arrogant. He has made us wait for so long. Even Big Dipper’s Director wouldn’t dare to neglect us like this,” the young man wearing blue, martial arts robes said impatiently, frowning deeply.

Although the Secret Pavilion was different from Super Guilds, it still had significant influence in the real world. Moreover, the Pavilion had recently agreed to collaborate with a few international corporations, elevating its status. Every single corporation within this city would be more than eager to gain the Pavilion’s favor.

Yet, even after venturing this far for a personal visit, not only had Shi Feng not welcomed them himself, but even after over ten minutes, Shi Feng was nowhere to be seen. He wasn’t taking them seriously.

“We’re not in a rush. In any case, he hasn’t refused to meet us,” Yuan Tiexin said, chuckling. “Moreover, we are the ones who want to collaborate with Zero Wing. A small wait doesn’t matter. You are still too brash. This is why the Guild Leader told you to temper yourself. You should learn from Wen Hua.”

At Yuan Tiexin’s words, the male youth turned to the beautiful woman standing on the other side of Yuan Tiexin, falling silent.

He wasn’t qualified to respond.

There were three great geniuses among the experts the Secret Pavilion nurtured internally. The most popular among the three was Cold Autumn as he had broken through the Half-step Refinement Realm at such a young age and had officially entered the Refinement Realm. Wen Hua, who had joined a little before Cold Autumn, followed closely behind.

Even the Secret Pavilion’s old monsters repeated praised Wen Hua’s combat talents. They all concluded that her chances of reaching the Domain Ream were quite high.

People like them constantly pursued the Domain Realm. However, entering the Refinement Realm was already extremely difficult, not to mention reaching the Domain Realm. Those who did so were incredibly rare, even in Super Guilds.

The fact that these old monsters’ evaluation had been so high spoke volumes about their high opinions of Wen Hua.

If the young man attempted to compare himself to Wen Hua, the difference between them was like the difference between heaven and earth. He simply could not hold a candle to her.

As Yuan Tiexin finished speaking, Shi Feng walked into the reception room with Liang Jing.

“I apologize that I’ve made you wait,” Shi Feng said as he sat across from Yuan Tiexin. When he glanced at the man and woman beside Yuan Tiexin, he was momentarily surprised, though he did not reveal it.

Shi Feng recognized the great beauty beside Yuan Tiexin.

Empress Purple Jade!

Although her appearance was slightly different from her game avatar, the difference was minor. However, she still looked very young and immature. The arrogant aura that she had possessed in the past was also absent.

Shi Feng was familiar with Purple Jade because he had learned Void Steps from her. He had lost count just how many times he had watched her battle videos. Even if her physical appearance was slightly different, he still recognized her with a glance.

Why is she here?

Shi Feng wondered.

As Shi Feng understood it, Purple Jade was one of the Secret Pavilion’s Three Great Geniuses. The Pavilion’s upper echelons had favored her, and her status within the Pavilion had been on par with the Guild Elders. To put it bluntly, her position was not any lower than Yuan Tiexin’s. Why did the Secret Pavilion allow such a gem to come here? Moreover, she stood by the side as if she were a bodyguard.

Although Shi Feng had hidden his observation, it had not escaped the notice of an old fox like Yuan Tiexin. Noticing Shi Feng’s reaction to Wen Hua, Yuan Tiexin’s mouth hooked up into a smile.

Their Guild Leader had sent Wen Hua for the sole purpose of shocking Zero Wing.

Recently, Zero Wing had gained too much momentum. Not only was the Guild rapidly developing, but the Guild’s performance in the Dark Arena had also been stunning. Zero Wing did not appear to fear any Guild. If the Secret Pavilion wished to collaborate with Zero Wing, they had to slow Zero Wing’s progress, teaching the upstart Guild that entities such as themselves were not as simple as they appeared. By doing so, they would have an easier time negotiating.

However, Shi Feng’s perception had surprised Yuan Tiexin somewhat. He had not expected the youth to notice Wen Hua’s strength so quickly.

“May I know what business you wish to discuss with me?” Shi Feng asked after recovering from his surprise.

“Didn’t I tell you that the Secret Pavilion views Zero Wing favorably? To put it simply, I’ve come here seeking cooperation. Hence, I’d like to ask you to introduce us to Guild Leader Black Flame, or one of the Guild’s upper echelons who has the authority to approve such decisions,” Yuan Tiexin slowly explained.

“Seeking cooperation?” Shi Feng continued, asking, “Excellent. What kind of cooperation does the Secret Pavilion have in mind?”

“We are interested in cooperating with Zero Wing in secret. Can you make a decision like this? If not, don’t stick your nose where it doesn’t belong,” the male youth snapped.

Yuan Tiexin made no attempt to rebuke the youth’s words, only watching the situation play out. It was no doubt that he, agreed with the youth’s words, thinking that Shi Feng was just a busybody. Although Yuan Tiexin felt that Shi Feng had great potential, qualifying to preside over the affairs of Zero Wing’s Workshop at such a young age, in the end, he was only a part of Zero Wing’s middle management. He did not qualify to join discussions of cooperation between Guilds.

Fortunately, Shi Feng did not allow the young man’s tone to rile him. After all, to outsiders, he only appeared to be a member of the Guild’s management team.

“I understand your concerns. However, I do possess the authority to make a decision on any matter of cooperation you wish to discuss. If you don’t believe me, you can contact our Guild Leader in God’s Domain.” Shi Feng shook his head and laughed.

Yuan Tiexin was slightly stunned by Shi Feng’s response. For a time, he was at a loss for words.

Either Zero Wing was daring enough to use a new talent, or the Guild had no one else for the job…

Just how much faith must one possess to allow someone so new to God’s Domain to make such important Guild decisions?

The fact that Zero Wing had developed into its current state showed that the Guild possessed a powerful background. Anyone that claimed otherwise was either lying or a blind fool. Generally, the various upper echelons of such a powerful organization would be, at least, in their thirties. Any exception was either a frightening talent or someone with a very powerful background. However, Yuan Tiexin had investigated Shi Feng thoroughly, and no matter how he looked at the results, Shi Feng was neither.

“May I know your game ID?” Yuan Tiexin asked softly.