Chapter 888 - Simulation Training System

Chapter 888 – Simulation Training System

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Outside the Greenwater Villa, a long, black hovercar was quietly parked at the entrance.

“Isn’t this a limited-edition Pioneer?”

“It is so cool! I’ve heard that there are only 1,000 of these luxury sedans around the world. I never thought we would see one in our third-tier city.”

“This is amazing. The Pioneer’s fuel alone is extraordinary. It can’t use any kind of normal fuel.”

Passersby began to gawk and chat as they noticed the car in front of the villa.

As they wondered what kind of powerful individual had arrived, Yuan Tiexin’s group emerged from the automated door. Suddenly, a robust man, standing over two meters tall, rose out from the Pioneer; he was so naturally intimidating that everyone trembled involuntarily when they saw him. The robust man wore a black suit with a silver shield logo embroidered on his left lapel. The silver shield bore three stars.

Everyone at the training center understood the fighting world. They immediately knew that the man before them was a fighting expert.

“A silver shield logo? Isn’t that a bodyguard from the Guardian Group?”

“Guardian Group? That’s an international, first-rate security agency, isn’t it?”

“He seems to be a 3-star bodyguard. Even people from the city’s top corporations can’t hire one of them. Who are those people?”

As the passersby watched in shock, the bodyguard respectfully opened the Pioneer’s door for Yuan Tiexin and his young companions. After Yuan Tiexin’s group took their seats, the bodyguard returned to the front passenger seat.

Following which, the roar of the Pioneer’s engine echoed throughout the area, stunning everyone present.

Who are they? Why would such important individuals seek out Shi Feng? Liang Jing was confused and surprised as she watched Yuan Tiexin and his people depart. I’ll have to let Director Xiao know about this.

Not just anyone could hire the Guardian Group’s bodyguards. Even the Big Dipper Corporation did not qualify to hire a 2-star bodyguard, only allowed to employ a 1-star bodyguard. Only major international corporations could afford 3-star bodyguards.

—

“Uncle Yuan, why did Guild Leader agree to give away ten slots?” Wen Hua asked. “The price the Star Alliance offered us was only worth ten slots. On the other hand, we gave Zero Wing the same without obtaining a sliver of its shares…”

“This is the Guild Leader’s will. As for the Guild Leader’s thoughts, even I don’t know. However, the items Shi Feng offered are extremely important to the Secret Pavilion.” Yuan Tiexin then shook his head and continued, “Fortunately, we didn’t lose too much If we help nurture Zero Wing’s experts, we’ll see even more interesting matches in the Dark Arena in the future.”

“Interesting?” Wen Hua chuckled. “I recall that the Asura Battle Team’s next opponent is the Evil Dragon Battle Team. Although there are a few experts in that team, overall, they are significantly weaker than the Glorious Lions Battle Team. Even if Shi Feng doesn’t participate himself, the Asura Battle Team can win easily.”

“Hahaha! Wen Hua, you’re not seeing the big picture. If the latest system upgrade had not happened, the Evil Dragons would lose without a doubt. However, after the Mind Space System’s launch, the various large Guilds are rushing to gather money and resources. Naturally, they will not ignore the opportunity to make a fortune in the Dark Arena,” Yuan Tiexin said meaningfully.

“But the Evil Dragons don’t have backing from any Super Guilds. It will be difficult for them to present fighters on the same level as Zero Wing’s experts.” Wen Hua was very interested in the Asura Battle Team. Hence, she had investigated their next opponent, hoping for another exciting match. However, the outcome had disappointed her.

“I don’t expect you to know. The corporation backing the Evil Dragons has hidden itself quite well. Even we only discovered it a few days ago, but it turns out that said corporation had invested in the Miracle Guild in secret. When it comes time for the Dark Arena match, the Miracle Guild will make its move. Winning will not be easy for the Asura Battle Team,” Yuan Tiexin said, a hint of anticipation flashing in his eyes. “If the Asura Battle Team can force Miracle to display its true strength, the Secret Pavilion will benefit.”

“The Miracle Guild? That Miracle Guild actually agreed to give away a portion of its shares?” Wen Hua exclaimed in surprise.

Although the Miracle Guild was not a Super Guild, it was in no way inferior. However, its Guild Legacy was incomplete. Hence, it had failed to become a Super Guild. However, it was still stronger than the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, who could not yet rival Super Guilds.

“Haven’t you wanted to witness Ye Feng’s battles personally? This is a good opportunity to do so.” Yuan Tiexin then handed Wen Hua a list of names. “Mad Sword Miracle Dragon, who you’ve wanted to defeat, might even make a move.”

—

Shortly after Yuan Tiexin’s group left, Shi Feng handed the black cards to Fire Dance and the others.

“Guild Leader, what’s this for?” Fire Dance, who wore short-sleeved sportswear with her long hair draped over her shoulders, asked curiously.

Fire Dance wasn’t the only one curious about the black cards. Cola, Violet Cloud, Flying Shadow, Ye Wumian, Rampant Blade, and Blackie were also confused.

“This? This is a treasure,” Shi Feng laughed. “Haven’t you all wanted to strengthen your combat techniques? This can help you do so quickly. However, how much you actually learn will depend on you.”

Following which, Shi Feng explained how to use the black cards and sent them to their rooms to try.

The purpose behind the cards surprised them all. However, Shi Feng’s procurement of them surprised them more. Excitement overtook them as they looked at the black cards in their hands. They had yearned to improve their combat techniques. It was especially true after watching Fire Dance break through into the Refinement Realm.

After everyone left, Shi Feng quietly returned to his own room.

To the Secret Pavilion, the ten training slots might not be significant, but to Zero Wing, they were a timely blessing.

Although the Secret Technique tablet could enable players to grasp profound combat techniques, which players could then utilize to improve their other combat techniques, the tablet’s flaws were obvious. Players needed to learn to make Intermediate Magic Arrays. This was achievable within a short time. Moreover, the tablet could only be used once a month. It was not nearly as efficient as the simulation training system.

It was especially true for Fire Dance, Violet Cloud, and Aqua Rose, who possessed vast potential. They only lacked combat experience. If they could enter the simulation training system, even Shi Feng could not imagine how much these girls would improve.

Moreover, the simulation training system was useful to him personally.

He was currently stuck at the Void Realm. He had no idea whatsoever how to take the next step. Fortunately, the simulation training system could guide one to the Domain Realm. Shi Feng was satisfied with the cost he had paid due to this fact alone.

On the surface, although it seemed as if he had paid a massive price for the black cards, that was limited to market price. Of course, the production cost for the Bronze Mounts and Strengthening Devices wasn’t one-tenth of their market price.

Throughout this time, he had also been training frantically in the real world. He had already pushed his body to its very limits and could not improve any further. Even Lei Bao had been surprised by his progress, looking at him as if he were a monster.

Shi Feng understood that his body was no longer a limiting factor. Only, he did not know what was. After all, he had never truly interacted with any of those old monsters and relied on himself to fumble and improve.

After refilling the virtual gaming cabin’s Nutrition Solution, Shi Feng inserted the black card into the machine’s card slot. He then lay in the cabin and launched the system connection, accessing the simulation training system.