Chapter 896 - Skyrocketing Points

Chapter 896: Skyrocketing Points

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

The Secret Pavilion had another name for the Battle Tower: the Tower of Guidance.

From what Kong Haoran shared, the Battle Tower could help a player grow—all the way up to grasping a Domain.

Previously, Shi Feng only partly believed these words. Now, however, he no longer doubted them.

In order to be considered as having reached the Refinement Realm, one needed to have excellent control over their own body and be able to flexibly and naturally vary the amount of strength their body exerted.

The Flowing Water Realm required one to perceive and observe the opponents. One had to be able to distinguish their opponent’s thoughts and carry out appropriate responses in advance by observing the opponent’s minute movements. To put it simply, one needed to be able to react before their opponents even acted.

The Void Realm demanded a certain amount of control over one’s surroundings. Instead of merely judging the environment through vision alone, one needed to push their five senses to the very limits and rely on these enhanced senses to determine all movements occurring in the background.

The goal of the Battle Tower’s first floor was to have players learn how to control themselves, using the pressure of facing a large number of lions to learn how to adapt nimbly to sudden changes.

The second floor was meant to improve a player’s instantaneous observation powers and snap judgment.

The third floor served to improve a player’s perception and judgment of distance. Accurately judging distance was a challenging task. However, as long as one managed to achieve this, they would be considered to have officially entered the Flowing Water Realm.

Shi Feng had to admit that the guidance provided by the Battle Tower was very on point. It was no wonder that Super Guilds could nurture such a large number of top-tier experts.

The Flame Falcons and Flame Eagle hovering in the sky had no intention of giving Shi Feng too much time. Letting out screeches that echoed throughout the entire valley, the fiery birds spat out scorching flames in Shi Feng’s direction in unison.

“It will be difficult for him to clear the third floor.”

Among those present inside the Battle Fortress were quite a few people whose progress stalled on the third floor. Hence, they were very clear on how difficult this floor was.

Not only would one receive flame attacks from all directions, but the valley floor would also change at random. Places that were originally safe zones could turn into a danger zone in the next second. One constantly needed to pay attention to their footing while on this floor.

Moreover, there were no objects in the area that could serve to block the flame attacks of the monsters.

One could just imagine the difficulty of the third floor. Not to mention attacking the flying monsters, the majority of the players who reached this floor would generally fail to cope properly, and ultimately died to either the scorching ground or the flame attacks.

“What is he trying to do?”

Everyone suddenly noticed that, despite seeing the ten streaks of flames coming at him, Shi Feng actually chose to remain standing still.

Just as the flames were about to devour Shi Feng, the Swordsman suddenly strode forward, his body leaving behind numerous afterimages as he moved about the small platform he was on. In the next moment, one streak of flames engulfed the afterimages Shi Feng left behind. After all ten were gone, Shi Feng was standing back in his original position completely unscathed.

“How is this possible?!” Cold Autumn was momentarily stupefied.

Although he had yet to reach the third floor himself, it was obvious to him that were he the one going up against these flame attacks, aside from running and dodging, he would have no other method to retain his life. The distance the flame attacks were launched from was simply too short. He would have absolutely no way to avoid that many attacks in the limited maneuvering space available. As for blocking the flame attacks with his weapon, that would be utterly impossible. He would need a complete set of Mysterious-Iron Equipment—at the very least—to avoid taking any damage from blocking the attacks of the Flame Falcons. Blocking the attacks of the Flame Eagle would require him to be fully geared in Secret-Silver Equipment at the minimum.

However, the system armed them with only a set of Bronze Equipment in the Battle Tower. Trying to defend against the flame attacks would be suicidal.

Now, even while standing in that small area, Shi Feng had actually managed to avoid all the flame attacks. It was as if these flames were intentionally circling his body.

“This is impossible! There must be something wrong with the system! How can he dodge all those attacks in time at such a close distance?!” The players spectating Shi Feng had long since gone into an uproar. Almost all of them had shouted the same thing.

No matter how they wrapped their minds around it, dodging so many attacks from such a close distance was not feasible. The only possibility was that an error had occurred with the system. Otherwise, how were they supposed to explain the earlier scene?

Wen Hua, however, did not feel any surprise at the outcome of that onslaught.

Everyone was basing their judgments only on the distance the flames were coming from. However, they had forgotten that they were living in a three-dimensional world. Aside from horizontal and vertical distance, one also should not forget depth. On the screen, it might seem as if all ten flame attacks came over similar distances. But in reality, the distance each attack needed to travel was different. As all ten attacks were launched simultaneously, the times at which the attacks reached Shi Feng would differ slightly. Meanwhile, Shi Feng had utilized the small time difference in the arrival of the attacks to systematically evade them one after another.

The one part about this scene that annoyed Wen Hua, however, was that she had not noticed the slightest bit of haste or anxiety in Shi Feng’s movements. The man had casually dodged the attacks as if he was just taking a leisurely stroll, his actions containing no excess movement whatsoever. Wen Hua even felt a shiver go down her back when she looked at how smooth and natural his movements were.

The numerous surprised gasps coming from the spectators immediately attracted the attention of those resting in the main hall, every one of them looking at these several spectators in confusion.

“What’s up with them? Aren’t they just spectating a battle? Is there a need to go so crazy over it?”

This curiosity now tempted many more people who were reluctant to part with their points. Such a commotion had never occurred before, even when the upper echelons of their Guilds fought in the Battle Tower.

What exactly was going on inside the Battle Tower?

Just as everyone was hesitating over whether or not to spectate Shi Feng’s battle, a middle-aged man dressed in luxurious red-black martial arts robes entered the hall. With quick steps, this middle-aged man walked up to the portal of the Battle Tower. After finding a quiet place to sit in, the man then chose to spectate Shi Feng’s battle.

“Damn! This is madness! This is simply madness!”

“Why has Elder Yuan come over as well? Isn’t this a training system meant to nurture youths with potential?”

“He couldn’t be here to…”

All the bystanders suddenly thought of a possibility when they looked at Yuan Tiexin quietly sitting down and calling out his system interface. However, none of them could accept this shocking thought of theirs.

Those who had still been hesitating immediately looked for seats and chose to spectate Shi Feng’s battle.

Instantly, the number of people spectating Shi Feng increased to 63.

Those who lacked the points to spectate were all stupefied by this scene. Even when the upper echelon of the Secret Pavilion came to challenge the Battle Tower, the number of spectators would be around this number, at most. Moreover, today was a day when many people were busy with their own matters and had not come to participate in the training system. Otherwise, the number of spectators right now would definitely rise even higher.

“Just who is Brother Shi Feng?” The shock Kong Haoran was feeling right now at this sight was many times more intense than what he felt when he had faced off against an army of over 100,000 elite players.

“I would be set for life if I could have this many people spectating my battle.” Huo Zhengyang could not close his mouth as he saw this scene.

Just how many Battle Points could he earn if he had this many people spectating his battle as well?

Even if he fought against a Refinement Realm expert every day, those points could last him for two whole months.

On the third floor of the Battle Tower, Shi Feng repeatedly dodged the flame attacks sent at him. Even when the terrain changed, he managed to reach a safe zone immediately. Occasionally, he would also attack with a flying dart. Although the damage he caused was low, only -500 points or so, none of the monsters in the Battle Tower had the battle recovery ability. Hence, he could slowly but surely wear down these monsters.

Following which, one Flame Falcon’s HP continuously decreased. The battle had already fallen under Shi Feng’s complete control.

That’s enough experimentation. It’s about time things ended. He then threw out the last dart that took away the final strand of HP of a Flame Falcon.

As a result of one Flame Falcon dying, the number of attacks Shi Feng had to face at a single time decreased from ten to nine, making dodging the attacks much easier for him.

With no suspense whatsoever, he whittled down the remaining Flame Falcons and Flame Eagle, once again easily clearing a floor.

Only, as Shi Feng was not playing a ranged class, his attacks were a lot less effective compared those of ranged classes. Hence, he had not managed to break the record clear time for the third floor. Even so, he still stupefied all his spectators.

The reason for everyone’s shock was because Shi Feng’s clear time for the third floor was only marginally slower than the current record holder’s. If his ranged weapon had been slightly better and he had learned a few more good Skills, he could’ve easily broken the record.

Following which, Shi Feng entered the fourth floor of the Battle Tower. This was also the highest floor the current batch of trainees had reached.