Chapter 892 - Breaking The Norm

Chapter 892: Breaking the Norm

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“So fast!”

“His attack disappeared!”

“What technique is that?”

Many of the spectating newcomers were shocked when Violent Bear’s battle axe suddenly disappeared before their eyes.

However, when Red Feather witnessed this, wrathful flames flared in his eyes.

“That bastard! He held back against me!” Red Feather clenched his fists as he glared at Violent Bear on the screen.

If Violent Bear had used this move against him, the match wouldn’t have even lasted 30 seconds.

Although the newcomers in the hall were surprised, the Secret Pavilion’s veterans were indifferent. They were used to seeing this move.

“Does he really need to be so serious against this newcomer?”

“He might want to end the battle quickly. But this newcomer sure is unlucky. He’s forced to realize the disparity between us so soon after entering the training system. I’m guessing his confidence has shattered by now.”

As the various fighters discussed the fight, Violent Bear’s battle axe struck Shi Feng, again and again, leaving the Swordsman with no opportunity to catch his breath.

Dang! Dang! Dang!

After a series of over a dozen strikes, Violent Bear’s expression darkened. He then retreated, glaring at the unharmed Shi Feng.

Just who is he? Violent Bear suddenly felt an immense, heavy pressure weigh down on him.

Second Acceleration was an attack technique that utilized afterimages to trick the enemy. Even an expert of the same standard would struggle to defend against his attacks, yet Shi Feng had blocked every slash and hack. However, this was not why Violent Bear had retreated.

As he had swung his axe, Shi Feng’s sword had met his blade as it began to accelerate, preventing him from gathering enough momentum in his weapon. As a result, Shi Feng’s sword easily deflected his axe, forcing the Berserker into a passive state.

However, Shi Feng had no intentions of giving Violent Bear any time to rest.

Dashing forward, he directly sent a Chop towards Violent Bear, his body void of excess movement. In the next moment, his sword vanished. The spectators only saw a flash of white light leave Shi Feng’s hand.

Violent Bear panicked. He could not even see any afterimage of Shi Feng’s sword. However, he instinctively used Whirlwind Slash.

Unfortunately, Violent Bear had been too late.

Before he could begin to execute Whirlwind Slash, Violent Bear saw a flower of blood bloom on his chest. His Whirlwind Slash only began after the blood had blossomed. However, before his spinning axe could strike Shi Feng, the weapon stopped as if it had struck a wall, scattering sparks. The sudden halt forced the Berserker back a step.

Before Violent Bear could catch his breath, however, more blood began to bloom across his chest, one after another. His HP drained away like flowing water.

In the end, as the seventh flower of blood scattered across the sandy ground, Violent Bear fell motionless…

As the battle ended, Shi Feng obtained 800 Battle Points, pushing his total points to 900.

“What did he do?!” Many of the Pavilion’s elites shouted in their confusion. “Why is Violent Bear dead?!”

Today, Shi Feng broke the norm of newcomers’ helplessness against veteran bullying…

Violent Bear had clearly been on the offensive throughout the match, yet he had retreated, and Shi Feng had given chase, spilling the Berserker’s blood.

Seeing the gashes decorating Violent Bear’s body, it was obvious that the Berserker had been cut. However, none of them had seen even an afterimage of a sword leave Shi Feng’s hand, striking Violent Bear.

A deathly silence overtook the main hall. Everyone stared at Shi Feng, who was just returned from the battlefield, with dumbfounded expressions.

“Ye Feng! That’s right; he is Ye Feng!” After seeing Shi Feng’s attack, Red Feather realized where he had seen that familiar face. Moreover, while there were some differences between Shi Feng’s and Ye Feng’s appearances, there were also some faint similarities.

Purple Eye also recognized Shi Feng.

The invisible attack had also been familiar… Purple Eye couldn’t think of anyone, aside from Ye Feng, who used that technique.

“Why is he here?” Purple Eye was astounded. She couldn’t believe her eyes.

Ye Feng might not be very famous among God’s Domain’s general populace, but to first-rate Guilds and the game’s major powers, the young man’s name reverberated like thunder.

Purple Eye had already been stunned when she had watched the battle video from the Dark Arena. Now that she had seen Shi Feng fight personally, even her soul trembled.

In the Dark Arena battle, Shi Feng’s fast attacks had been understandable as he possessed Attributes that could even overwhelm an old monster like Sirius. Currently, however, he had the Basic Attributes of a Level 30 player and lacked any bonuses from weapons or equipment. Even so, his attacks were still too fast to see with the naked eye. Who could possibly defend against those attacks?

Purple Eye finally understood that Shi Feng had not won against Sirius because of excellent equipment. His personal strength was, in fact, on par with those old monsters.

…

When Shi Feng returned to the main hall, the Secret Pavilion’s members no longer looked down on him. Only fear filled these elites’ eyes. On the other hand, the newcomers originating from various Guilds cheered.

The Secret Pavilion’s members had constantly bullied and suppressed them. Now that the Pavilion’s Violent Bear had been beaten with just a few moves, why wouldn’t they feel liberated and excited?

“Shi Feng, you… how are you so powerful?” Kong Haoran asked, stuttering nervously as he watched Shi Feng walk over.

Huo Zhengyang and Du Xin, who stood beside Kong Haoran, also stiffened as the Swordsman approached.

An expert!

He was an absolute expert!

Even if Shi Feng were a member of a transcendental existence like the Secret Pavilion, he would still be considered a top-class expert.

They had always looked up to such monstrous experts. They had never dreamed that they would, one day, meet such an existence.

When they thought back to how they had conversed and laughed merrily with the man, treating Shi Feng as if he were their junior, they were incredibly embarrassed.

“You never asked.” Shi Feng laughed.

“You let us make fools of ourselves. If others learned that we met you like this, they would split their sides with laughter.” In the end, Kong Haoran was not ordinary. He quickly adjusted his mood. Moreover, in his opinion, Shi Feng was actually quite friendly. He wasn’t like those aloof, arrogant apex experts.

Huo Zhengyang and Du Xin also relaxed after a moment and resumed their conversation with Shi Feng.

When the others inside the hall saw this, they envied Kong Haoran and his friends.

They all dreamed of a friendship with a powerful expert like Shi Feng. If they could gain some pointers from an expert of his caliber, they could push themselves to the next level.

“Ah, right. What’s up with the ranking competition? Don’t tell me we have to face everyone here every single day?” Shi Feng had heard all he needed to about Battle Points. However, he didn’t have a clue about the method of earning them. If he had to duel so many people each day, he would waste too much time. Moreover, he didn’t have that much time to spend in the simulated training system.