Chapter 897 - Silent Hell

Chapter 897: Silent Hell

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“This person is strong! It was worth spending all those points to spectate him!”

“This is my first time seeing someone clear the third floor so easily! This shows that he has still not reached his limits! At this rate, he might even be able to clear the fourth floor and become the first person among this batch of trainees to reach the fifth floor!”

“That’s impossible. This is the fourth floor we are talking about. Even the top experts of our Guild are still stuck there. Even if Shi Feng is amazing, it is simply impossible for him to match up to the top experts of our Guild.”

“I guess you’re right. Our Guild’s top experts all stand at the peak of God’s Domain. There are probably only a handful of youths who can surpass them.”

Just as the spectators were discussing Shi Feng’s battle, Shi Feng himself set foot onto the fourth floor.

Unlike the second and third floors, which had vile environments, the fourth floor was elegant and serene. Trees and shrubberies surrounded Shi Feng. There was also a pristine lake nearby.

“This is…” Shi Feng observed his surroundings, his expression turning slightly serious.

Although his surroundings looked very peaceful, Shi Feng could not ignore a sense of crisis in his mind. The worst part about this hunch was that he did not know what triggered it.

Even though he was standing still and doing nothing, this sense of crisis was looming closer and closer.

Could they be stealthed monsters? Shi Feng thought of a possibility.

Or to put it in another way, it was the only possibility.

This sensation he was feeling right now was as if numerous top-tier Assassin experts were staring at him. However, no matter how skilled and silent the Assassin might be, as long as they were a player, Shi Feng would more or less be able to find traces of them through sight and hearing, yet neither of these two senses of his had picked up anything.

He discovered them so quickly! Wen Hua was somewhat surprised to see Shi Feng’s expression turning a little guarded.

The fourth floor of the Battle Tower had another name to it—Silent Hell.

It had a total of eight Elite ranked Void Assassins and one Chieftain ranked Null Assassin.

[Void Assassin] (Elite Rank) Level 30 HP 50,000/50,000

[Null Assassin] (Chieftain Rank) Level 30 HP 200,000/200,000

Although their HPs were very low, these monsters had a special characteristic: they remained in a permanent state of nothingness. Their bodies existed in a completely different space, so one’s senses of sight, hearing, and smell could not detect these monsters no matter what.

Only when these monsters launched an attack would their real bodies manifest. However, they would appear for only a very short time, around one second at most. Aside from this brief period, attacks directed at these monsters would be completely ineffective.

The difficulty of the fourth floor had left everyone who had managed to reach the fourth floor in this batch of trainees utterly helpless.

Setting aside the fact that the attacks of the Assassins were lightning fast, just the fact that the attacks were launched at such a close distance made dodging them nearly impossible. Or to put it in another way, it was simply impossible for someone with the Attributes of an ordinary Level 30 player to evade those attacks.

Even if one managed to dodge those kinds of attacks, failing to counterattack in time would eventually lead to death from overexhaustion.

Back when Wen Hua herself had reached the fourth floor for the first time, she had died completely unaware of what had happened. And even now, she was still stuck on this floor. Only the monster-like existences of the Secret Pavilion were able to contend against the Assassins on this floor. So far, just a few people throughout the entire Guild had managed to clear the fourth floor.

I wonder just how far you will be able to go? A bright smile appeared on Wen Hua’s face as she quietly observed the Swordsman.

She had a feeling that, if she could observe Shi Feng clearing this floor, she might be able to break through that barrier that was preventing her from improving.

Under Wen Hua’s gaze, Shi Feng started moving. Without hesitation, he dashed up to a nearby tree and placed his back against the large tree. This way, he no longer needed to pay attention to attacks coming from behind. He just needed to keep an eye out for attacks coming from 180 degrees in front of him.

“Damn, so you can do something like that as well?!” Everyone spectating this scene was stupefied.

They had never thought to utilize the terrain in such a way.

The effort an expert needed to expend to defend against attacks coming from just 180 degrees was many times less than attacks coming from all 360 degrees. With the energy saved, one could better perceive and concentrate as well. Moreover, dodging attacks would become much easier.

However, as soon as Shi Feng stood in front of the large tree, a silvery-white dagger suddenly appeared before him, directly slashing at his neck.

So fast! Surprised, Shi Feng instinctively sidestepped.

With the speed of the attack as well as the short distance it was launched from, if Shi Feng had not responded instantly, he would have gotten struck without a doubt. Fortunately, he had already reached the Void Realm, so he could feel the movements in his surroundings.

Although the appearance of the dagger was very sudden, the moment the weapon materialized, it would more or less generate some fluctuations in the air, which gave him sufficient warning and allowed him to carry out preventive measures.

In the next moment, the snowy-white dagger brushed past his neck and left a deep scar on the tree behind him.

Close on the heels of that first attack, fluctuations appeared from two more places. Meanwhile, the position of these fluctuations came from the direction he had sidestepped to.

Shi Feng tightened his grip on his twin swords and hurriedly slashed at the locations the two fluctuations originated from.

Peng! Peng!

Two crisp sounds echoed throughout the entire forest. The sparks generated were also extraordinarily eye-catching.

“Crap, isn’t he too amazing? How did he manage to detect those attacks?”

The spectators’ mouths all fell wide open when they saw the sparks flashing before Shi Feng. As bystanders, they had a much clearer view of the situation than Shi Feng. However, even after looking for a long time, they failed to detect anything peculiar about the locations he had attacked; there was just empty space there. Nevertheless, Shi Feng succeeded in very accurately blocking two strikes. They all felt that Shi Feng was not human but a monster in human guise, instead.

How are his attacks so fast?

Wen Hua was inwardly shocked when she saw this scene, her mind constantly replaying Shi Feng’s previous actions.

Setting aside how Shi Feng had managed to detect the location of the attacks, just being able to execute such quick counters from such a short distance was simply unbelievable. This was definitely not a feat an ordinary human being could accomplish.

Her dynamic vision was among the best in the entire Guild. Even if it were a baseball moving at 160 kilometers per hour, she would be able to clearly see and count the number of rotations the ball was making.

For attacks that no one else could see even the afterimages of, she could make out some afterimages. Although they would be extremely vague, she would still manage to see a small portion of the attack.

However, Shi Feng’s slashes were completely different. Normally, when an attack was launched, the speed of the attack would start from zero and slowly accelerate up to maximum speed. However, through some unknown technique, Shi Feng’s swords had gone from a standstill to moving at maximum speed instantly. There was no acceleration process in between whatsoever.

Following which, Shi Feng brandished his swords dozens of times, blocking every attack sent at him. Not a single scratch could be found on his body. Instead, the constant clangor of metal surrounded him.

Seen from afar, Shi Feng appeared to be training his swordsmanship all by himself.

As more time passed, Shi Feng grew accustomed to blocking the attacks of the Assassins.

Time to end this! Shi Feng swept a glance at his surroundings, his lips curling up in a smile.

At this moment, he no longer bothered to block the dagger striking at him. Instead, as if he had already anticipated this attack, his body smoothly sidestepped while his right arm swung at the location the dagger appeared from.

Soon after, a streak of greenish blood stained the grassy ground.