Chapter 894 - Sword Meister

Chapter 894: Sword Meister

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

Ignoring all the stares directed at her, Wen Hua took a seat near the Battle Tower’s portal and selected to spectate Shi Feng’s progress inside the tower. Being a spectator allowed her to see everything happening inside the tower clearly; however, this spectator mode cost Battle Points.

Moreover, the number of points required by the system was not low: a total of 300 points to spectate a person; the system would automatically give 200 of these points to the fighter. For the newcomers and the members of the Secret Pavilion, this was a price that none of them was willing to pay.

Paying 300 points to spectate anyone—aside from the experts ranked within the top 50—would just be a big waste of their points, especially for a newcomer that barely anyone knew about.

Shortly after Wen Hua sat down, a young man exited from the training field’s portal. When this young man spotted Wen Hua, he hurriedly made his way over to her.

“Eh? Isn’t that Cold Autumn? Why is he here?”

“I heard that he’s been training like a madman ever since his trip to Star-Moon Kingdom. He must’ve received some kind of stimulation there. Now, he spends nearly all of his spare time fighting inside the training field.”

The members of the Secret Pavilion were shocked when they saw Cold Autumn, who had appeared out of the blue, walking over to Wen Hua.

The Three Great Geniuses of the Secret Pavilion were individuals that were usually very hard to meet, yet two of them had actually shown up in the Battle Fortress. It was truly a rare sight to behold.

“Sister Wen Hua, why do you suddenly have time to come here?” Cold Autumn asked when he reached Wen Hua. After taking a seat, he continued, “Didn’t Uncle Yuan say that you are going to challenge Sanctuary’s Gale Sword Meister, Ruthless Sky? Aren’t you going to rest and prepare for that battle? No matter what, he is one of Sanctuary’s eight Sword Meisters.

“I’ve heard that Ruthless Sky has made significant advances recently, and his rank on the Experts List has already gone up from 131st to 117th. Moreover, he even replaced one of his weapons yesterday, and the higher-ups suspect that it could be an Epic Weapon. This will increase his combat power even more.”

Sending a glance at Cold Autumn, Wen Hua said in a casual tone, “I know all that. Even so, I will still defeat him.”

Compared to her upcoming battle, she was more interested in this battle of Shi Feng’s.

Previously, she had viewed Shi Feng’s battle with Sirius many times. However, at the end of the day, a video recording was still a video recording. The experience was far from comparable to watching in person.

Originally, she had intended to come here only for a little training. She never thought that after arriving, she would hear news of a newcomer defeating Violent Bear. Moreover, the name of that newcomer was even “Shi Feng.” As a result, this situation greatly piqued her interest.

Just like Shi Feng, she was a Swordsman player. If she wanted to increase her combat experience, it was naturally best for her to learn from a fellow Swordsman.

Only, there were not many Swordsmen in the Secret Pavilion and even fewer that she could seek guidance from. At this moment, these people could no longer help her improve any further. Hence, she had opted to challenge the famous Swordsmen in God’s Domain. Now that a Swordsman who had managed to defeat Sirius had appeared, she obviously could not let the opportunity to observe him fight slip by.

If it was possible, she even wanted to have a match against Shi Feng.

Following which, Wen Hua returned to observing Shi Feng’s battle quietly.

Just who is this person? He is actually able to rouse Sister Wen Hua’s interest! Cold Autumn was baffled. If he were to spread the word of this matter, it would most likely shock the entire Secret Pavilion.

Thinking so, Cold Autumn suddenly selected the spectator mode as well. Moreover, the person he chose to spectate was the newcomer Shi Feng.

Three hundred points might be a lot to an ordinary expert of the Secret Pavilion, but to him, it was still barely acceptable.

“Damn, this is just insane! Two of the Great Geniuses are actually spectating Shi Feng’s battle!”

“This can’t be real, right? Isn’t he just a powerful newcomer? Even reaching the third floor is a problem. Is it really worth spending 300 points to watch him?”

The mouths of the players in the main hall hung wide open as they watched Wen Hua and Cold Autumn quietly sitting beside the Battle Tower’s portal.

“Damn it!” Purple Eye clenched her fists as she looked at Wen Hua and Cold Autumn. “It would be great if we had come here a few days earlier. It’s just impossible to gather 300 points right now.”

She knew who exactly Shi Feng was. If she missed this opportunity to witness his battle, who knew when she would get another chance?

“Why don’t I go borrow some points? I heard that aside from duels, the members of the Secret Pavilion will also loan Battle Points. However, we’ll need to pay an additional 30% interest when paying back the points,” Red Feather said, gritting his teeth.

Purple Eye promptly nodded in response. Compared to paying an interest rate of 30%, being able to watch this battle was much more important.

This scene bewildered the members of the Secret Pavilion. They could not understand just what kind of attraction Shi Feng held to rouse the interest of not only the Pavilion’s geniuses but also the newcomers.

Inside the Battle Tower, Shi Feng was currently standing in the middle of an endless plain with a total of 49 Prairie Lions and one Prairie Lion King surrounding him.

[Prairie Lion] (Elite Rank) Level 30 HP 60,000/60,000

[Prairie Lion King] (Special Elite) Level 30 HP 200,000/200,000

System: Defeat all monsters to progress to the next floor. Every Prairie Lion killed will reward you with 1 Combat Point, and killing the Prairie Lion King will reward you with 10 Combat Points.

No wonder Kong Haoran’s group weren’t able to clear the first floor, Shi Feng thought as he swept a glance at the lions besieging him. He then took a look at his own Attributes. Currently, his Attributes were roughly equal to those of a Level 30 Swordsman geared in Bronze Weapons and Equipment. Right now, he was the very definition of an ordinary player.

The difficulty of defeating this pride of lions would be extremely high.

Moreover, this place was an endless grassland, offering no terrain whatsoever that players could take advantage of, which further increased the difficulty.

“Roar!” the Prairie Lion King bellowed angrily and advanced.

Simultaneously, the Prairie Lions surrounding Shi Feng pounced at him as well.

An ordinary player would usually panic if faced with attacks coming from all sides. They would instinctively attempt to rush out of the encirclement. As for expert players, they would choose to fight while retreating, slowly but surely killing these monsters.

However, Shi Feng did neither of these things. With an ordinary Level 30 player’s Attributes, he simply had no chance of outrunning the Prairie Lion King. On the contrary, attempting to do so would place himself in a disadvantageous situation.

Facing the incoming pride of lions, Shi Feng began brandishing the twin swords in his hands.

In the next moment, countless streaks of sword light flashed around Shi Feng, forming a barrier of sorts around him. Any lion that came at him would have their joints struck by Shi Feng’s swords. Although Shi Feng’s Strength was insufficient to repel the Prairie Lions, he still managed to deflect their attack trajectories slightly.

Seen from afar, the half-dozen Prairie Lions attacking Shi Feng appeared to be intentionally circling the Swordsman, their attacks all landing on thin air.

As these Prairie Lions moved past Shi Feng, a streak of sword light would strike at their bodies, causing over -1,500 damage to the Elite monsters.

As the battle continued, the Prairie Lions died one after another.

This person is clearing out the Prairie Lions so quickly! Cold Autumn was filled with shock as he observed this scene. Just who is this person?!

He knew full well just how hard it was to deal with these Prairie Lions. Simply dodging their attacks was very exhausting, yet Shi Feng was actually toying with these Elite monsters like they were kittens right now. Despite Shi Feng having the same Attributes as he did when he challenged the first floor, Shi Feng’s clearing speed was at least double his.

These Prairie Lions posed no threat to Shi Feng at all. Only the Prairie Lion King, whose speed was much faster and Strength was much greater than the Prairie Lions’, presented a challenge for Shi Feng. However, utilizing his positioning to guide the Prairie Lions, Shi Feng turned the Prairie Lions into shields for him, having the Elite monsters receive all the attacks of the Prairie Lion King, instead. After each successful block, Shi Feng would also follow up with a counterattack, each of his blows dealing over -1,200 damage to the Special Elite.

The Prairie Lion King’s HP fell at a rate visible to the naked eye.

In the end, the Special Elite died without even managing to land a paw on Shi Feng, its body lying motionless on the ground.

Meanwhile, the players present in the main hall of the Battle Fortress suddenly fell silent, every one of them staring at the Record Board of the Battle Tower’s first floor with a dumbfounded expression.

At this moment, the first floor’s original fastest clear record of 47 minutes 27 seconds had actually been broken.