Chapter 899 - Ranking Competition'S Number One

Chapter 899 – Ranking Competition’s Number One

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“What?!”

“He cleared it, just like that?!”

All of the spectators were stupefied as the Null Assassin’s corpse appeared on the ground.

Until now, not a single person among their trainees had conquered the Silent Hell.

Although they knew that some of them would eventually clear the fourth floor, they never expected a newcomer from another Guild to do so.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s success caused an uproar among the other players in the main hall.

Many people began to regret their decision to not watch Shi Feng’s battle. If they had done so, they might’ve learned something, allowing for minor breakthroughs. After all, every expert had their own strengths and weaknesses. If the other party’s strength made up for what they lacked, they would gain some insight from watching the battle.

“Hahaha! You guys have seen it now, right? I’m not weak. It’s that Shi Feng is too strong! Among our batch, he ranks at the very top. With my abilities, how could I possibly be a match for him?” When Violent Bear saw Shi Feng clear the fourth floor, excitement replaced his previously defeated expression. He then turned to the fighters who had laughed at him and proudly proclaimed, “If you guys think I’m weak, why don’t you challenge him, rather than spout bullshit from the sidelines?!”

Suddenly, the players who had previously mocked Violent Bear fell silent.

Thinking back to the Berserker’s battle against Shi Feng, although Violent Bear had lost quite a few points, he had actually profited from the fight against an expert like Shi Feng.

Usually, for those with lower standards, it was impossible to find an opportunity to fight trainees who had reached the fourth floor. The latter despised fighting them. Violent Bear, on the other hand, had, unintentionally, scored a fight against an expert like Shi Feng. If Violent Bear gained even a fragment of inspiration from that fight, the 800 points he had lost would’ve been worth it.

If possible, they were willing to spend five or six hundred points, eight hundred points, for a match against Shi Feng. However, this opportunity had obviously passed.

The fact that Shi Feng had secured first place in the ranking competition meant that he no longer lacked Battle Points. Furthermore, why would Shi Feng need to fight them?

—

On the Battle Tower’s fifth floor…

As soon as Shi Feng arrived, he felt a massive mental suppression weigh on him. This mental suppression was many times stronger than the Abyssal Blade had exuded when he executed a Skill. He felt as if he stood before a Tier 5 monster, suffocating. His body’s reaction speed and mobility were also heavily restricted.

Aside from this oppressive pressure, he noticed that he stood in a dimly lit cave. Steam filled the cave, feeling like a massive sauna. The steam also hindered Shi Feng’s vision.

Aside from Shi Feng, five giant snakes with dark gray bodies and three heads each slithered in the steamy cavern. The snakes amber eyes glared at Shi Feng.

[Three-headed Snake] (Special Elite)

Level 30

HP 150,000/150,000

Before Shi Feng could adapt to the environment here, the five Three-headed Snakes moved.

Inside the rubble-filled cave, Shi Feng’s mobility was restricted. The Three-headed Snakes, on the other hand, treated these obstacles as if they didn’t exist. They moved through the cave like flowing water, easily overcoming the various obstacles in their path with unaffected speed. In the blink of an eye, all five snakes arrived before Shi Feng.

After the five Three-headed Snakes surrounded Shi Feng, they began to spit needles of corrosive venom at the Swordsman. The venomous needles rained down on Shi Feng like thin rain. In this steamy environment, it was simply impossible to detect them with the naked eye. Shi Feng could only determine the attacks’ trajectories by the fluctuations in the air.

However, there were simply too many needles.

A single Three-headed Snake had spat over a dozen needles. With five Three-headed Snakes surrounding Shi Feng, he faced was over 70 attacks.

An ordinary person would have their hands full with just five of these attacks. Now, there were over 70. Moreover, even one of these attacks was more than enough to injure Shi Feng heavily. The fifth floor’s difficulty was clear to see.

Even if Shi Feng were at his peak, he could never defend against so many attacks. He needed to rely on quick movements to reduce the number of attacks he received. Only by doing so would he have any chance of survival. Moreover, not only were his reactions slowed right now, but he was also surrounded by a vial environment. With so many obstacles, it would be very easy to trip and fall if he moved too quickly, which would then open holes in his defense.

However, even knowing this, Shi Feng chose to run. If he simply stood there, the numerous attacks would claim his life.

As expected of the Battle Tower’s fifth floor. This isn’t any place for ordinary human beings. Shi Feng brandished his twin swords to deflect the venomous needles as he ran.

Although these needles did not contain much force, there were many of them. Even after Shi Feng ran, he had to face nearly forty needles. With his blurred perception, a single mistake would result in the venomous needles finding their mark.

Although each needle only dealt around -500 damage, Shi Feng only had several thousand HP.

Following which, as Shi Feng ran through the cave and evaded the needles, his HP rapidly decreased.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng’s HP reached zero, his body falling to the ground. In the end, he was teleported out of the Battle Tower.

Even after Shi Feng returned to the main hall, the spectators around the Battle Tower’s portal were still in a daze.

The fifth floor was absurdly difficult. Just watching the rain of venomous needles pelt Shi Feng made a chill run down their spines. There was also that massive mental suppression to contend with. If they had to fight in such an environment, they wouldn’t even last two seconds before becoming porcupines. However, Shi Feng had managed to last over ten seconds before succumbing to the near-invisible needles. If not for those attacks being so hard to detect, Shi Feng could’ve survived for much longer. He might’ve even put up a good fight against those Three-headed Snakes.

Is this his current strength? After Cold Autumn exited spectator mode, he looked around him, a faint chill crawling down his back.

Fortunately, he had experienced that battle as a spectator. Had he been fighting, against that oppressive pressure, he would have been paralyzed; all he could have done was wait for death to take him.

As for Wen Hua, after seeing the difference between herself and Shi Feng, she wasn’t afraid in the least. On the contrary, she brimmed with fighting spirit, the corners of her lips lifting into a bright smile.

Although she could clearly feel just how massive the gap was between them, she had obtained tremendous insight from watching Shi Feng’s fight.

Previously, she had concentrated on a singular question: why were Shi Feng’s attacks so fast?

However, after a long period of observation, she more or less gained some inspiration.

Every time Shi Feng attacked, his body began to move even before his sword did. By relying on his body’s movements and energy transfer, his sword had already been accelerating for a brief period by the time he moved his arm. Hence, when Shi Feng actually swung his sword, the sword seemed as if it instantly transitioned from a standstill to maximum speed.

Although the theory sounded simple, one needed a degree of physical control that was beyond the scope of ordinary humans to accomplish this feat.

Of course, Wen Hua had a lot of confidence in herself. She believed that, if Shi Feng could do it, there was no reason that she could not.