Chapter 907 - Strength Changes

Chapter 907 – Strength Changes

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

After leaving the Big Dipper Dojo with miserable expressions, Gan Xingteng and the other members of the White Tiger Dojo returned to the high-class hotel where they were temporarily lodging. Disregarding his injuries, Gan Xingteng immediately reported what had happened at the Big Dipper Dojo to the main branch of the White Tiger Dojo upon arrival.

“What did you say? There’s an expert who’s even stronger than you at the Big Dipper Dojo?” the white-robed middle-aged man on the other side of the video call repeated in surprise. “Could that person be that rumored internal force expert?”

“Master Jiang, that Head Instructor called Shi Feng did not take action. The one who fought was a woman. Judging from her appearance, she should be around the same age as Shi Feng. However, she is extremely powerful. Even Xie Qiwen would have difficulty defeating her. I suspect that the real behind-the-scenes boss is that woman,” Gan Xingteng reported carefully as he looked at the man in the screen. “Moreover, I believe that the Big Dipper Dojo has plans similar to ours.”

Although Jiang Tianyuan, the man before him, was not the main dojo master of the White Tiger Dojo, he was still a very powerful branch master. The man had been famous for more than 20 years already. One should not take his appearance at face value. While he might look like someone in his mid-thirties, in reality, he was already 50 years old this year.

“This is interesting. Even Xie Qiwen wouldn’t be able to defeat her easily? It’s no wonder the Big Dipper Group has constantly been expanding its influence recently. But it doesn’t matter. The mindset of that bunch from the Big Dipper Group is too simple. What do they think they can accomplish with just one expert?” Jiang Tianyuan laughed. “I recall that Jin Hai City is going to hold a city-wide competition soon. I’ll send Xie Qiwen and Tang Jingyao to help you secure both male and female championship titles in Jin Hai City. At that time, even if the Big Dipper Dojo tries to recruit members, it won’t be able to outmatch us. For the moment, just focus on properly dealing with the matters of the branch dojo.”

“Understood!” Gan Xingteng nodded hurriedly, shock filling his heart.

He had never imagined that Jiang Tianyuan would get so serious as to actually send both Xie Qiwen and Tang Jingyao over. The two of them were the pride of the White Tiger Dojo. Both of them usually took part only in national-level competitions, and they were also very famous fighters within the country. Having them participate in such a small competition was simply a waste of time.

At that time, a commotion would definitely arise in Jin Hai City.

As long as those two people took action, none of the other dojos in Jin Hai City would have any hopes of securing the championship title.

—

Inside the Big Dipper Dojo, Shi Feng had Fire Dance and the others preside over the assessment of the new applicants. Meanwhile, Shi Feng himself discussed with Liang Jing the matters of recruitment and advertising for Zero Wing’s Workshop.

Shi Feng’s approach to these problems was simple: advertising through the Big Dipper Training Center’s connections. The advertisement would state that Zero Wing was trying to recruit internal elites, as well as some application conditions such as only men and women below the age of 25 were allowed to apply. It was simply a recruitment advertisement.

Originally, Liang Jing thought that even if a Gaming Workshop utilized Big Dipper’s connections to disseminate an advertisement, there would not be many applicants.

Although the application conditions Shi Feng proposed were not particularly strict, the criteria for passing the assessment itself was very high. As proof of this, only 10% of the disciples of the Big Dipper Dojo had managed to pass the assessment—and every single one of these disciples had been handpicked by Big Dipper. If ordinary people, who only exercised occasionally, were to apply to the Zero Wing Workshop, it would be great if even 1% managed to pass the assessment.

Moreover, the treatment Shi Feng offered was only average at best. She expected that anyone who saw the advertised benefits would directly give up on applying altogether.

However, when the next day arrived, everyone in the Big Dipper Training Center was stupefied.

There were actually tens of thousands of people swarming into the Big Dipper Training Center, every one of them wishing to take Zero Wing’s test. These people had very nearly destroyed the entrance of the training center.

The lively scene was even more exaggerated than Jin Hai City’s annual fighting competition.

Meanwhile, the only thing these people talked about as they filled the hallways of the Big Dipper Training Center was Zero Wing, their eyes filled with excitement and admiration as they spoke.

In Liang Jing’s opinion, these people had all lost their minds. Since when did Big Dipper possess such powerful advertising capabilities? With this, there would be no need to run any training center or dojo. Big Dipper could simply start an advertising company and make a fortune.

Wasn’t Zero Wing just a Gaming Workshop? It was not as if these people were applying to join one of the Fortune 500 companies.

When Xiao Yu found out about this flood of visitors, he thought that a major incident had occurred at Big Dipper. As a result, even though he resided in another city, he hurriedly took a flight back to Jin Hai City. When he arrived at the Big Dipper Training Center and heard what the crowd was discussing, his mind stopped completely.

He had never imagined that a game like God’s Domain could actually garner such popularity as well as possess such massive influence.

Previously, he still considered God’s Domain to be like any other game. Even if those major corporations invested in it, they were only doing so to raise their prestige and help promote the game.

Now, however, it would seem that was not the case.

“It looks like I’ll have to find some time to have a discussion with Shi Feng.” At this moment, Xiao Yu finally understood why Shi Feng was so intent on playing a virtual reality game. Otherwise, with the young man’s abilities, he could easily become a star in the world of fighting.

Meanwhile, the large number of applicants also made the extremely confident White Tiger Dojo impatient.

“Just what kind of trick did they pull?! Why are all these people trying to join that place?!” No matter how many times Gan Xingteng looked through Zero Wing’s flyer, he could not figure out why so many people were trying to join Zero Wing’s Workshop.

Meanwhile, the instructions from the White Tiger Dojo’s main headquarters were also very simple: speed up the construction of the branch dojo. At the same time, the main headquarters also withdrew some funds to start advertising as well, refusing to believe that they could not outcompete Big Dipper with the fame of the White Tiger Dojo.

…

After learning of the White Tiger Dojo’s actions, Liang Jing suggested Shi Feng either increase his scope of advertising or reduce the difficulty of the assessment. However, Shi Feng rejected her suggestions.

In his opinion, the people of the White Tiger Dojo were truly fools. He was currently recruiting members for a Gaming Workshop, not a dojo. No matter how much the White Tiger Dojo advertised itself, it would not affect his recruitment campaign in any way.

Following which, Shi Feng handed over all the tasks related to the recruitment to Liang Jing to handle, which kept her extremely busy. Not only did she have to go through the applications of tens of thousands of people as well as manage their assessments, but crowds of new applicants also continued coming in every day. If she did not mobilize every staff member of Big Dipper, she would’ve died from overwork already.

Fortunately, becoming an internal elite of Zero Wing was not easy, and the passing rate of the assessment was exceedingly low. At the moment, the passing rate was not even 1%.

As for Shi Feng himself, he continued training at the Battle Tower. At the same time, he shared some of his Battle Points with Fire Dance and the others, allowing them to fight with the simulated experts for long periods of time.

During the two days that God’s Domain’s system update took to finish, Fire Dance and the others received massive improvements.

Violet Cloud, in particular, had finally set foot into the Refinement Realm after training at the Battle Tower, becoming Zero Wing’s third expert to set foot into the Realms of Refinement. As for everyone else, they had all reached the Half-step Refinement Realm standard already.

“When Big Sis Aqua finds out about this, she will most likely be very shocked at our improvement speed during this period,” Violet Cloud said over the public channel, after entering her virtual gaming cabin, her heart full of anticipation as she prepared to log into God’s Domain. “Oh, right. Guild Leader, please don’t tell Big Sis Aqua about this matter right after you log in. She was always bullying me before. This time, I must give her a surprise!”

“Sure,” Shi Feng laughed as he shook his head. After Aqua Rose obtained her Epic Staff, although she was still a bit inferior to Violet Cloud in terms of techniques, she became far superior in terms of Basic Attributes. As a result, when the two sparred with each other, Violet Cloud was usually the one who got the worst of it. “After you guys log in, gather at White River City. I have something important to tell you all. In addition, there is also the matter of these newcomers.”

Following which, when the countdown timer for God’s Domain’s system upgrade ended, everyone logged into the game simultaneously.