Chapter 903 - Who'S Next?

Chapter 903 – Who’s Next?

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

When Shi Feng announced the start of the battle, You Ziping shot the man a glance, surprise flashing in his eyes.

Shi Feng was simply too calm.

He had participated in many fighting competitions before and had met people of various standards, so he could tell that Shi Feng’s serenity was not an act. Rather, his calm originated from absolute confidence as if everything were within his control.

However, in his opinion, his match against Fire Dance was unbalanced. Fire Dance had no chance of winning against him.

After all, females were generally weaker than males.

It was especially true for a great beauty like Fire Dance. Although Fire Dance wore a set of dark blue sportswear, her clothing couldn’t hide her curvaceous body. She looked nothing like a muscular gorilla. On the contrary, she looked like someone who often practiced yoga. Her perfect figure only contained charm, not strength.

In the face of absolute strength, all trickery was useless. All martial artists new this.

In terms of strength, although he was not at the peak of the White Tiger Dojo’s intermediate disciples, he was still considered above average. Currently, he had a punching strength of 422 kg. Although he barely qualified to participate in the national youth championship, in a third-tier city like Jin Hai City, he could definitely rank among the city’s top fighters.

In an actual fight, it was not easy for one to make up the difference in strength. That required a wealth of combat experience and techniques. However, while he might only be 18 years old, he had already participated in over a dozen large-scale competitions; he possessed a considerable amount of combat experience. He even frequently sparred with the dojo’s advanced disciples. In terms of combat techniques, he was already on their level.

With the advantage of strength, experience, and techniques, losing was impossible.

So, why was Shi Feng so calm?

Where was his confidence coming from?

However, You Ziping quickly shook these questions away as he returned his gaze to Fire Dance. He no longer wanted to think about what might be going through Shi Feng’s mind. Defeating Fire Dance was his priority.

With this match, he would teach Shi Feng the meaning of a true professional fighter.

“Fall!”

You Ziping shouted, his voice as cold as snow. Like an arrow, he dashed to Fire Dance and sent a fierce punch towards her abdomen.

His attack was both fast and precise. He did not hold back in the least.

“Ziping sure is vicious. No matter what is going on, his opponent is still a great beauty, yet he’s not showing any mercy,” Gan Xingteng muttered with sympathy. With this, the match would end as quickly as it had begun.

Even in the White Tiger Dojo, You Ziping was looked upon favorably. However, the boy had one shortcoming; he did not know how to hold back. To a youth, however, this was a benefit. If one were frequently distracted, it would be very difficult to improve.

Peng!

The sound of a collision radiated from the arena.

“She blocked it?! How is that possible?!” The people below the arena stared at Fire Dance in disbelief.

The impact should have sent Fire Dance flying, yet she had actually blocked You Ziping’s fist with one hand.

It was truly hard to imagine just how that thin, frail arm could endure so much force. Logically, her arm should’ve been knocked away; no one would have been surprised if her bones had cracked or shattered.

However, Fire Dance showed no sign of pain. On the contrary, she had received You Ziping’s full-power punch as if she had reached out to say hello.

You Ziping was also momentarily stunned. Hurriedly, he tried to withdraw. However, he suddenly discovered that his fist would not budge no matter how hard he tried. Fire Dance’s tender fingers clasped his fist like chains.

With no other choice, You Ziping raised his left leg and swept it towards Fire Dance’s neck.

Peng!

However, Fire Dance caught his iron-like leg with her other hand.

As if he had predicted this, You Ziping quickly sent a follow-up punch with his other hand.

Just before You Ziping’s fist struck Fire Dance’s face, a creak echoed throughout the dojo. In the next moment, You Ziping released an agonizing scream, his fist halting as he suddenly tumbled to the ground. The fist and ankle that Fire Dance had caught had already begun to turn purple.

The various spectators were flabbergasted. Having forgotten about the pale-faced You Ziping, everyone stared at Fire Dance with awe.

Fire Dance’s performance was simply too shocking.

Nobody could believe their eyes.

Among the crowd, the White Tiger Dojo members were the most affected. They knew just how strong You Ziping was. Among their group, only two or three people were stronger than him.

Yet, in front of Fire Dance, You Ziping was as powerful as a child.

What technique?

What combat experience?

In front of absolute strength, they were nothing.

Does she have some kind of godly strength? Gan Xingteng’s expression was somber as he looked at the injured You Ziping.

Fire Dance was merely a young girl. However, even he was far weaker than her. He couldn’t compete with her strength in a fight. He could only rely on his speed and techniques to secure victory.

Liang Jing, who stood beside Shi Feng, was similarly stunned. She had assumed that Fire Dance would be hospitalized after this match. She had never imagined that Fire Dance was actually this powerful.

Is she a hidden master like Shi Feng? Liang Jing could not help but wonder. There was no other way to explain this overwhelming victory.

However, there was one factor that confused Liang Jing; if Fire Dance possessed such skills, why hasn’t she participated in any fighting competitions?

With her skills, she would even perform excellently in the national competition. If she could earn herself a victory, she would earn an unimaginable amount of money. She wouldn’t need to continue working as a professional gamer.

As for Shi Feng, he glanced at the stunned Liang Jing before shifting his gaze to You Ziping, who was still on the ground. He shook his head and sighed, saying, “Of all the things you could’ve relied on, you chose physical strength.”

After Fire Dance had reached the Refinement Realm, her body’s physique had improved rapidly. Moreover, with Lei Bao’s guidance, she had already grasped the technique to utilize internal force. To Fire Dance, a punching strength four or five hundred kilograms was not difficult to achieve.

You Ziping had been looking for a beating by relying on physical strength. If the boy had simply used his combat experience, he might’ve lasted a little longer.

“I believe that the outcome has been decided. Take him away,” Shi Feng said, pointing at You Ziping as he looked at Gan Xingteng.

Only now did the White Tiger members recover from their daze.

This match was over. They had even forgotten that one of their companions was injured and needed immediate medical attention.

“Relax, I didn’t use that much force. His bones should be intact. After some treatment, he just needs to rest for a few days to recover,” Fire Dance explained as she looked down at the silent You Ziping. She then turned to Gan Xingteng, who stood below the arena, and quietly asked, “The first match is over. Who’s next?”