Chapter 905 - Workshop Expands

Chapter 905 – Workshop Expands

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Are you seriously willing to say it?” You Ziping eyed Shi Feng suspiciously.

Accumulating combat experience was not something easy to do—especially combat experience involving life-and-death situations. Training under such circumstances was practically gambling with one’s life. There were quite a number of martial artists who had destroyed their own futures as a result of such training.

If there actually was a method to accumulate life-and-death combat experience, improving rapidly within a short time would be an easy task.

This rapid improvement was also the reason why so many martial arts experts liked to challenge their own limits.

“Of course. However, I have a condition,” Shi Feng laughed.

“I knew it. Forget it. I won’t be joining your dojo.” You Ziping let out a soft snort. He had long since known that a person like Shi Feng wouldn’t reveal such a huge secret without conditions.

However, Shi Feng’s attempt at poaching him would only end up in failure.

Many major dojos in first-tier cities had come scouting You Ziping ever since his talent became known. Some had even offered very excellent treatment, much better than what he was currently receiving from the instructors of the White Tiger Dojo. However, he had still rejected them all. He was not someone who would betray his benefactor. When he was at his lowest, the White Tiger Dojo had given him an opportunity. Had the White Tiger Dojo not nurtured him, he would not have his current achievements today.

Simply put, he would not abandon the White Tiger Dojo just for his own benefit.

“This kid sure thinks highly of himself. I really don’t know what the chief sees in him, to actually want to nurture someone like him.” Standing a short distance away, the bearlike Cola clicked his tongue when he overheard You Ziping’s response, highly annoyed by You Ziping’s attitude.

Whether it was in God’s Domain or Jin Hai City, as long as Shi Feng said that he was looking to nurture someone, tons of people would definitely come swarming.

“The boss might have his own thoughts,” said Ye Wumian standing beside Cola. After taking a look at You Ziping, he continued, “However, that kid indeed possesses some talent. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to become an intermediate disciple of the White Tiger Dojo at such a young age. Even his fellow intermediate disciples are looking at him with respect.”

Although Cola and the others spoke softly, their voices still failed to escape Shi Feng’s ears.

The human brain ruled everything in the body. After Shi Feng’s brain activity improved, his five senses had also become much more acute.

The trials of the Battle Tower, in particular, had further honed his five senses. Not to mention a distance of over a dozen yards, even if Cola and the others stood over twenty yards away from him, so long as he focused slightly, he would still hear their whispers.

Meanwhile, regarding his companions’ sotto voce discussion, Shi Feng could only laugh inwardly in understanding.

After all, not everyone was a reincarnator like he was; they did not know the things that would happen in the future. Not to mention, You Ziping was currently still a diamond in the rough. Who could possibly expect him to become an expert ranked within the top 50 of the God’s Domain Experts List in the future?

Seeing You Ziping rejecting his offer righteously, Shi Feng laughed and said, “You misunderstood. I’m not trying to scout you into the Big Dipper Dojo. I’m only inviting you to join the Zero Wing Gaming Workshop. Doing so won’t affect your daily life in any way.”

“Join a Gaming Workshop?” Surprised, You Ziping asked, “For real?”

In the current era, there were many Gaming Workshops in society. There were also plenty of professional gamers. Although not comparable to the fighting industry, the gaming industry was still an increasingly important business sector.

Moreover, the majority of Gaming Workshops operated in the wee hours of the night, so joining one would not affect one’s daily life.

If he could really increase his life-and-death combat experience just by joining a Gaming Workshop, this would definitely be a worthwhile exchange.

Shi Feng nodded before turning to look at the members of Big Dipper and White Tiger and announcing, “This offer isn’t just you but for everyone present. As long as you are below the age of 25, all of you have an opportunity to join Zero Wing’s Workshop.”

Zero Wing was already developing quite well. Originally, Shi Feng had planned to wait a little while longer before recruiting for Zero Wing’s internal training program. Now that a major dojo like the White Tiger Dojo had already started making its move and begun poaching talents en masse, he naturally could not fall behind.

Previously, he had only intended to nurture a few core members of Zero Wing at the Greenwater Villa, so he had not bothered dragging in the disciples of the Big Dipper Dojo. Now that he had such an excellent opportunity, he could use this chance to recruit a few good talents and start internally nurturing experts in large numbers just like the various major powers of God’s Domain. With this, he wouldn’t have to worry about lacking experts or talents getting poached away.

Everyone was momentarily stunned when they heard this.

Liang Jing was also at a loss for words.

This place was a dojo, a place that nurtured experts for the world of fighting, yet Shi Feng was actually recruiting these people to become professional gamers. Doing so was simply ludicrous.

If Director Xiao learned of this matter, he was sure to fly into a rage.

“Instructor Shi, if we join Zero Wing’s Workshop, will we really become stronger?” a few disciples asked curiously.

Hearing these disciples asking such a question rendered Fire Dance and the others speechless.

They were the high and mighty Zero Wing!

Moreover, when all was said and done, Zero Wing was extremely famous in Star-Moon Kingdom, and even possessed some fame in the world of God’s Domain. Despite all that, these people actually did not know anything about them.

Of course, they also understood that, although these disciples might know about virtual reality games, their lifelong goal had always been to achieve fame in the world of fighting. Hence, they rarely came into contact with pleasure-seeking activities, focusing their all into training their bodies, instead.

How could a bunch of people who had precious little exposure to virtual reality games possibly have heard of Zero Wing’s name?

“Let’s put it this way. If you can pass the test and join the Zero Wing Workshop, I can assure you that it won’t be long before you become much stronger than your present selves,” Shi Feng said definitively.

“I want to take part in the test!”

“I want to try as well!”

Immediately, many disciples in the dojo raised their hands and voiced their intent to apply for Zero Wing’s Workshop, every one of them firmly believing Shi Feng’s words. After all, Fire Dance was the best example. Even Gan Xingteng, who had managed to defeat Hall Master Chen Wu, suffered a quick defeat at her hands.

“What about you guys?” Shi Feng asked as he looked at the youths of the White Tiger Dojo.

“No! Absolutely not!” shouted Gan Xingteng, who had just regained consciousness. “As long as you are a member of the White Tiger Dojo, you are not allowed to join any kind of workshop! Otherwise, you will be expelled!”

Some of the White Tiger Dojo members, who had initially been entertaining thoughts of taking the test, immediately lowered their heads at these words.

“Senior Brother Gan, why is this so?” a short youth asked curiously.

Logically, there should not be any clash between a dojo and a Gaming Workshop. Disciples would normally take on part-time jobs. After all, not everyone could make a living out of participating in competitions, and the dojo did not provide everyone with financial support. They still needed to live.

Joining a Gaming Workshop could be considered a part-time job. Moreover, it was more lucrative than any other part-time job.