Chapter 910 - Killing Multiple Birds With One Stone

Chapter 910: Killing Multiple Birds with One Stone Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 910 – Killing Multiple Birds with One Stone

While the Candlelight Trading Firm was causing a huge commotion…

Over a hundred people were currently gathered inside the meeting room of Zero Wing’s Guild Residence.

Every person present was a core member of Zero Wing. Not only did everyone possess very high Levels, but even the equipment they wore could easily make expert players of God’s Domain envious. While the general public considered Level 35 Dark-Gold Equipment rare, it was just basic equipment for them. As for their combat standards, every one of them could easily reach the fifth floor of the Trial Tower or higher.

Experts capable of reaching the Trial Tower’s fifth floor could easily become a first-rate expert in a city with a player population of over 100,000.

Nevertheless, all these experts were gazing at the figure seated on the Guild Leader’s throne with eyes filled with reverence and shock.

The reason for their reverence was the identity of the man before them. He was a legendary character who had single-handedly established Zero Wing and developed the upstart Guild to its current overbearing state. The man was even the publicly acknowledged number one expert of Star-Moon Kingdom, and until now, he still maintained his indomitable record.

As for the reason for their shock when they looked at Shi Feng, it was his Level.

At this moment, Shi Feng had not done anything to hide his Level. As long as one paid a little attention, they would be able to see it.

Level 42!

Even the current top players in empires were only Level 39 at best. They were also still relatively far from reaching Level 40. Previously, when Fire Dance and the others had revealed themselves to be at Level 40, the other core members had already been flabbergasted. Although there was just a difference of one Level between them and the top players of empires, the amount of EXP required to cross this gap was massive.

Now, Shi Feng was even more terrifying. He was actually two Levels higher than Fire Dance and the others.

Not to mention the other core members present, even Fire Dance and her team were staggered. After all, when they had last met, Shi Feng was only Level 40. In just a short time, Shi Feng had actually managed to pull ahead of them by two Levels. His leveling speed was simply ludicrous.

“Guild Leader, everyone’s here already,” Aqua Rose said softly to Shi Feng after checking the entire meeting room.

Nodding, Shi Feng swept a glance at everyone present and said seriously, “I’ve asked you all to gather here for two matters. The first matter is that Zero Wing is going to start branching out and developing at the Twin Towers Kingdom and the Black Dragon Empire. The exact locations where we’ll be setting up the branches have also been determined already. When the time comes, I’ll have you all split up to these two locations. I’ll also set up a new main force in both of these locations. As for who will become part of this main force, I’ll be choosing them from the Guild’s elite members. Of course, you all can put in your recommendations as well. The treatment provided will be the same as Star-Moon Kingdom’s main force.”

Truthfully speaking, Shi Feng did not wish to develop outwards so quickly. However, now that God’s Domain had experienced its fourth evolution, the economic war involving Lifestyle classes had also officially begun. Even if he did not wish to develop Zero Wing in other kingdoms, he had no choice but to do so. Without sufficient resources, it would be impossible for them to contend against other large Guilds.

Before Shi Feng was done speaking, everyone present had already fallen into a daze.

Even Aqua Rose, the Vice-Leader of Zero Wing, was shocked at this news.

Although Zero Wing expanding to other countries was something that was bound to happen sooner or later, she had never imagined that that day would come so quickly!

Or to put it in another way, they had long since grown impatient waiting for the arrival of this day.

Currently, Zero Wing simply had too many members. While playing virtual reality games, Guilds always had one big problem to face: the limited amount of resources in an area. If a Guild wished to develop and grow stronger, it needed to secure more resource-rich areas for itself. Otherwise, sooner or later, it would face resource-deprivation due to their constantly increasing member count. Then, the amount of resources each Guild member could receive would decrease, which would affect the overall development speed of the Guild members.

This problem was also the reason why first-rate Guilds would spread their roots throughout multiple kingdoms and empires. The influence of the major powers of the virtual gaming world spanned several dozens of countries.

However, one thing that confused everyone was Shi Feng’s choice to develop at the Twin Towers Kingdom and the Black Dragon Empire.

Setting aside how muddy the waters were at the Black Dragon Empire and the fact that the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was Zero Wing’s enemy, just the Twin Towers Kingdom was already a huge problem.

The Twin Towers Kingdom was infested with abyssal monsters. The players living there were scrambling to leave, yet Zero Wing was actually choosing to charge into the kingdom.

The situation in the Twin Towers Kingdom was much more severe than Star-Moon Kingdom’s. There was simply no way for them to level up there. Just how were they supposed to develop themselves?

“Guild Leader, abyssal monsters have already conquered the Twin Towers Kingdom. Why don’t we consider developing at the Purple Thorns Kingdom, the kingdom west of Star-Moon Kingdom? The abyssal monsters haven’t reached there. Moreover, the two first-rate Guilds in that kingdom have constantly been at each other’s necks all this time. With our Guild’s strength, we can easily make a place for ourselves there. In addition, the Purple Thorns Kingdom is rich in herbs. Our Guild will have a much easier time procuring herbs if we develop there,” Aqua Rose suggested hurriedly.

She had long since made ample preparations regarding Zero Wing’s development, only she never bothered making suggestions, as Shi Feng had always said that the time was not right yet.

The Candlelight Trading Firm was the largest source of economic power for Zero Wing. With the Purple Thorns Kingdom’s abundance of herbs, they could definitely advance the Candlelight Trading Firm a step further. They would no longer have to rely on external sources to obtain their herbs. If they developed properly, they could definitely achieve self-sufficiency in herbs and greatly reduce the expenses of the Candlelight Trading Firm.

The players in the room voiced their agreement with Aqua Rose’s suggestion one after another.

The current combat power of Zero Wing’s elite members was in no way inferior to a first-rate Guild’s. In addition, they also had quite a number of experts in the Guild now. Even if they sent only a portion of their forces, they should not have any problem handling the threats present in the Purple Thorns Kingdom. Moreover, Zero Wing already possessed several plots of Land in the cities of the Purple Thorns Kingdom. With this foundation, they would be able to construct a Guild Residence in that kingdom right away. One could say that the Purple Thorns Kingdom was the best option by far.

“While the Purple Thorns Kingdom is indeed a good option, the Twin Towers Kingdom is much better,” Shi Feng replied, shaking his head.

“Better?” All the core members were filled with questions as they looked at Shi Feng.

They simply could not figure out what exactly was good about branching out to a place infested with abyssal monsters.

“I know that you all are worried about the abyssal monsters, but that is also the greatest opportunity for Zero Wing.” Shi Feng naturally understood everyone’s worries. In their shoes, he, too, would’ve chosen to branch out to the Purple Thorns Kingdom. However, he now had both the Ancient Abyssal Book and the Teleportation Magic Array in his possession.

Regarding the threat of powerful abyssal monsters, he could just set up multiple barriers and allow his Guild members to grind at high-resource maps safely. There was also no need to worry about other Guilds and players coming to contest for those locations. In addition, they could also gain Honor Points by killing low-level abyssal monsters.

Now that the Guilds originally residing in the Twin Towers Kingdom had left, although the Lands of the kingdom’s capital remained in the hands of these Guilds, as long as Zero Wing paid some Coins, it could still buy one or two plots of Land located near the heart of the city without any difficulty. Had he chosen to branch out to other kingdoms, Zero Wing couldn’t even dream of obtaining the central Lands of the top ten major cities in these kingdoms, much less the central Lands of the capital city. Nobody would be willing to sell them anything at all.

Even if there was a willing seller, that price would not be one that Zero Wing would be willing to bear.

Furthermore, the Twin Towers Kingdom was a country of ore. In terms of ore-related resources, it was only slightly inferior to the Storm Empire. At the end of the day, the Candlelight Trading Firm focused mainly on forging. Ore was something that it could not lack.

Hence, developing at the Twin Towers Kingdom was akin to killing multiple birds with one stone.

Following which, Shi Feng cleverly hid the matter of the Ancient Abyssal Book, simply telling everyone that he had discovered many special areas not assaulted by the abyssal monsters. Afterwards, as long as he set up teleportation points at these locations, they would be able to level up without worrying about abyssal monsters or other players, essentially turning those locations into Zero Wing’s backyard.

When they heard Shi Feng’s reason, everyone’s eyes sparkled, anticipation filling their hearts.

Nobody present was a noob. They knew full well just how valuable an uncontested high-resource map was. Otherwise, the various large Guilds would not fight over these high-resource maps.

However, no one knew that Shi Feng had actually concealed another important reason for his choice to develop at the Twin Towers Kingdom.

The large-scale Regional Dungeon, Tower of Time!