Chapter 917 - Proof Of Strength

Chapter 917: Proof of Strength

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

The Dark Guild Raven maintained a relatively low profile during the early stages of God’s Domain. The Guild always moved covertly. The Guild’s desire to maintain a low profile was evident by the lack of Guild Emblems on Bloodsucker and his companions.

If not for Raven trying to display its strength to gain Zero Wing’s trust, the group would never act so flamboyantly.

Shi Feng had to admit that this was one of the benefits that Zero Wing enjoyed as it moved closer to the top of God’s Domain.

Whenever he had an issue, people would oftentimes take the initiative to offer their cooperation.

If Zero Wing were a third-rate Guild or an unrated Guild, meeting people like Bloodsucker would be impossible, not to mention inspiring these people to find him.

Shi Feng’s straightforward question had left Bloodsucker slightly stunned.

He had initially thought that Shi Feng would play with words, driving him to state his conditions. After all, during negotiations, the side that revealed their terms first would be at a disadvantage.

However, he had never imagined that Shi Feng would ask him so blatantly; he wasn’t used to this. The Guild had sent him, specifically, to negotiate with Zero Wing because he was one of the Guild’s stronger members. Now, however, all of his subtle arguments he had prepared to persuade Shi Feng and his efforts to show off Kirin and his team’s strength had gone to waste.

“What? You don’t have any conditions?” Shi Feng chuckled.

“No, it’s just that your straightforwardness surprised me a little. After all, Raven is only a small, unknown Guild,” Bloodsucker said, shaking his head. “Since Elder Ye Feng has said as much, I’ll tell you Raven’s conditions.

“In return for Raven assisting the Asura Battle Team, we want 50% of the income you gain from the Dark Arena!”

“You guys sure are ballsy. Fifty percent is too much. I can offer you twenty percent at most.”

Shi Feng instantly rejected Bloodsucker’s offer. He was already splitting the income from the Dark Arena with Phoenix Rain. If the Raven Guild took another 50%, Zero Wing would be left with nothing.

“I’m guessing that you don’t fully understand Raven’s strength. How about we prove ourselves first? We can negotiate afterward,” Bloodsucker frowned when he heard Shi Feng’s offer. However, he was not surprised by it. Their Guild had remained in the shadows. As of now, practically nobody knew how terrifying Raven was. If not for the resources the recently-launched Mind Space System required, they would not have sought out Zero Wing for cooperation.

In his opinion, Shi Feng had only offered such a low percentage because he didn’t know Raven’s true power. However, once they showed Shi Feng that, with Raven’s assistance, Zero Wing’s chances of becoming the Dark Arena’s organizer would improve, he would agree to 50%. After all, this was a sure-profit exchange.

“Proof?” Shi Feng understood Bloodsucker’s train of thought. However, he really could not afford to lose 50%. As Shi Feng considered rejecting Bloodsucker’s offer, he suddenly had a good idea. Previously, his head had ached over the lack of experts. Now that he had a chance to gain the help of six top-tier experts, it would be a waste not to put them to good use. Following which, he nodded and smiled, saying, “If Raven wants to prove its strength, I just happen to have a very difficult quest that I need some expert help with. If you can show me that you are sufficiently powerful during this quest, there might be room for further negotiations. Of course, I’ll pay you for your help.”

“No problem. You can leave this quest to Raven. As for the remuneration, there’s no need. Consider this Raven’s gift to Zero Wing,” Bloodsucker confidently stated. From the beginning, proving Raven’s strength had been their goal in coming here. When the time came, they would shock Zero Wing’s members.

“I still need to prepare. It’ll take around three hours. You should do the same. This quest is very difficult. I just need you to send a party of six experts,” Shi Feng said.

“No need. The six of us will be enough,” Bloodsucker assured.

Seeing Bloodsucker’s determination, Shi Feng ended the conversation. After leaving the reception room, he contacted Youlan, telling her that they could challenge the Holy City of Titan’s entrance trial immediately. Both sides would send 50 experts each, and Zero Wing would lead the team.

Youlan agreed upon receiving Shi Feng’s message.

Her original plan had been to challenge the entrance trial in three days. However, the system upgrade had wasted nearly two days, so they had no choice but to delay the operation by two more. However, after the system upgrade, Lifestyle players’ production speed had slowed significantly. As a result, the various large Guilds now urgently needed a batch of Advanced Lifestyle players. Naturally, the sooner she got her hands on Titan City’s slots, the better.

After confirming the plan with Youlan, Shi Feng contacted White Night, having him send 14 of their experts over. Zero Wing’s members would fill the remaining 30 slots.

Although Shi Feng did not know what kind of experts Youlan would dispatch, he had a true gathering of experts.

With these experts’ combat power, they had a very high chance of clearing Titan City’s trial as long as everyone followed his commands.

After two hours, 50 players had gathered inside a high-class restaurant in the Noble’s District.

These players consisted of three groups: Zero Wing, Raven, and Owl.

Needless to say, Raven’s members were absurdly strong regarding Level and equipment. However, Owl’s members had shocked both Zero Wing and Raven.

Everyone’s jaws hit the floor after Owl’s members, led by White Night, joined them in the restaurant and discarded their cloaks.

They were all Level 42!

One could easily rank among an empire’s top ten players in terms of levels at Level 40. Moreover, these top ten included those who hid their levels. Yet, White Night and his team were all Level 42.

Aside from their high levels, every member of White Night’s team wore absurdly powerful equipment. Among them, four possessed equipment on par with Bloodsucker and Kirin. As for White Night, the group’s leader, his equipment surpassed Bloodsucker’s. The Ranger’s aura was also incomparably sharp.

Due to this, Bloodsucker felt pressured.

Who are these people?

Bloodsucker watched White Night and the others, shock filling his heart.

Are they Zero Wing’s hidden experts?

Kirin and the others also felt immense pressure from Owl’s members. Previously, they had felt nervous when they met Fire Dance and Zero Wing’s other top-tier experts. Now, an even more frightening group had arrived.

Their hearts, which had brimmed with confidence, now faltered.

Theoretically, Level 40 players should stand at the very forefront of God’s Domain, yet so many Level 42 experts stood before them. They even began to wonder if there had been a flaw in the reports they had received.

Shortly after White Night and the others had arrived, Youlan led a large group of players into the high-class restaurant.