Chapter 918 - Holy City Of Titan

Chapter 918: Holy City of Titan

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

The high-class restaurants in the Noble’s District were famed for their luxury. Even large Guilds’ elite members were reluctant to dine in these restaurants. These players would rather have a few drinks at a bar or eat their fill of ordinary food to get more bang for their buck.

Upon joining Shi Feng and the others in the restaurant, Youlan glanced at the various players. Immediately, she was shocked.

How does Zero Wing have so many experts?!

Youlan had already thoroughly investigated Zero Wing, so she was very aware of Zero Wing’s current combat power. She had never imagined that Zero Wing still had secrets.

Owl’s and Raven’s members were the source of her surprise.

Even the lowest among them was Level 39, with the majority having reached Level 42. Zero Wing’s team composition overwhelmed the team she had struggled to establish.

Among her players, the highest was only Level 39, while the others were Level 38…

Although there was only a difference of two or three levels, the gap between Level 39 and Level 40 was like the difference between heaven and earth.

Unless one had equipment that could reduce level requirements, otherwise, they could only wear Level 40 equipment upon reaching Level 40. However, such equipment was extremely rare. Generally, only Epic items had such an Attribute.

There was a huge difference in terms of Basic Attributes between Level 35 and Level 40 equipment.

If they had so many high-level experts working together, clearing Titan City’s entrance trial would be much easier.

Moreover, Youlan could tell that, even if White Night and Bloodsucker were members of Super Guilds, they would be considered apex experts. It would be very difficult to find an expert in Underworld that could contend with these two.

“Big Brother Wolf, do you that Ranger and Berserker?” Youlan asked War Wolf quietly.

The pressure she felt from White Night and Bloodsucker was extremely powerful. They were like beacons in absolute darkness. Even if she fought it, it would be hard not to notice them.

Among the information she had on God’s Domain’s experts, nothing had been recorded on these two individuals.

Although she did not know who these two were, War Wolf might know them. After all, War Wolf had once shone brightly in the virtual gaming world. Although he had later stepped away, he knew far more hidden experts than she did.

“I don’t know them. However, I am sure that both of them are martial artists. Extremely powerful ones at that,” War Wolf replied, his thoughts a little complex as he examined Shi Feng’s team.

A few months ago, Zero Wing had merely been an unknown, upstart Guild in White River City. Even Zero Wing’s experts at that time weren’t worth his attention, yet now, the Guild had several people on-par with him in terms of combat standards.

As for White Night and Bloodsucker, who he had never seen before, even he had to admit that he was weaker than them.

War Wolf could not help but wonder what kind of charm an upstart Guild like Zero Wing had to attract so many experts. Even first-rate Gods weren’t capable of this feat.

…

“It really makes you wonder just where the Guild Leader has found so many experts. Overwhelming Smile’s members must be scared stiff right about now.” Blackie giggled when he saw Youlan and her Overwhelming Smile team’s shock.

The rest of Zero Wing’s members agreed with Blackie.

When White Night’s group had arrived, even they were surprised.

Shi Feng stepped forward and said, “Miss Youlan, now that everyone is here, should we reform the team?”

“Alright. Everyone, leave your teams,” Youlan nodded as she pinned Shi Feng with a penetrating gaze.

Although she had already known that Ye Feng would lead the expedition to Titan City, she had been somewhat surprised to receive this news.

She thought that Black Flame would lead this expedition.

This was not because she doubted Ye Feng’s strength. However, Black Flame was far more experienced with commanding a team.

It was of the utmost importance that they cleared Titan City’s entrance trial. After all, once they could enter the Holy City of Titan, they could rapidly nurture Advanced Lifestyle players. In the future, they would have a greater advantage when competing with other trading firms.

“I’ll start dividing the workload. I want everyone to send me a list of your Skills,” Shi Feng instructed Youlan and the others after inviting them to his team.

“That is a Guild’s secret! How can we just reveal that information to an outsider?!” Overwhelming Smile’s members immediately complained.

All Guilds kept their players’ Basic Attributes and Skills secret. It was especially true for Guild experts. If others discovered this information, it would be very easy to exploit their weaknesses.

Shi Feng then looked towards Youlan and said seriously, “I believe you know how difficult Titan City’s entrance trial is. If I don’t know everyone’s abilities, I can’t guarantee our success.”

After giving it some thought, Youlan nodded and said, “It’s alright. Tell him.”

Titan City’s entrance trial was much harder than a 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon. If the team leader did not even know what Skills his members possessed, it would be hard for him to issue effective commands.

After receiving Youlan’s instructions, Overwhelming Smile’s members sent their Skill lists to Shi Feng, albeit reluctantly.

As for the Skills Owl’s and Raven’s members possessed, the two groups had long since notified Shi Feng.

Owl’s members had not held back in the least. However, Shi Feng was certain that Raven’s members had held back some information. Regardless, though, it would not affect the overall situation.

After Shi Feng examined the Skills of Overwhelming Smile’s members, he was a little surprised.

Twenty-three of these players wielded Berserk Skills. Among them, Youlan had learned a large-scale destruction Spell and a large-scale buff Spell. This would be of great help to the team.

“Before we enter Titan City, I’ll give everyone certain responsibilities. Make sure you understand your tasks. When the time comes, you just need to do your part.” Shi Feng then called up his system interface and split everyone into groups.

Shi Feng had split the team of 100 players into five teams of 20. Among them, one team would serve as the main force while the remaining four would serve as support.

Raiding Titan City’s entrance trial was different from raiding a 100-man Team Dungeon, where players only had to deal with one Boss at a time.

The entrance trial resembled a field battle. Only, the team would face far more danger. In the entrance trial, one could encounter a powerful Boss at any time. It was even possible for multiple Bosses to appear at once. It would not come as a surprise if one mistake led to a team-wipe. Hence, they needed to prepare before they challenged the trial.

There was only one MT on the main team—Cola.

This decision confused Youlan and the others. Cola was only Level 40, while the Guardian Knight White Night had brought was Level 42. In terms of techniques, the Guardian Knight was also much stronger than Cola. No matter how they looked at it, Cola should not be the main team’s MT.

Even if Shi Feng placed Cola on the main team, he should include another MT. Wow was a single MT going to tank a Boss?

However, Shi Feng did not bother to explain his decision. He had chosen Cola because he had previously passed the Epic ranked Dragonscale Shield to the MT. With this shield alone, none of the other MTs could compete with Cola. Not to mention, Cola was using the Tier 1 Set Equipment for Guardian Knights. Comparing Basic Attributes, he was stronger than Moonlight Knight, Owl’s Level 42 Guardian Knight, by a large margin. He was the best choice to serve as the lead MT.

After the various tasks had been distributed, Youlan took out a golden key and began to chant an incantation.

In the next moment, a pair of tightly shut, black stone doors appeared in the hall. The stone doors towered over three-meters high, and there were countless magical runes carved into the door’s stone. As the thick, heavy doors slowly parted, a terrifying aura surged out, and everyone immediately felt a powerful mental suppression weigh on them.

This mental suppression could rival that of Grand Lords.

However, every player here was an expert. Even if the mental suppression affected them, the effects were minimal.

After everyone calmed their nerves, Shi Feng took the lead and stepped through the doors. One after another, the other players followed him.