Chapter 920 - Epic Shield’S Effects

Chapter 920: Epic Shield’s Effects

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Sister Youlan, should we go?”

“Why is a Grand Lord here?! It’s stronger than any of the Bosses we faced before!”

“Trying to fight that is suicidal.”

Shi Feng’s commands had left Overwhelming Smile’s members speechless.

Although Shi Feng’s orders sounded simple, carrying them out would be very difficult.

Monsters surrounded the temple. There were at least over 400 Steel Watchers. Moreover, there were as many as six Steel Guardians.

Any 20-man elite team would struggle against a Lord ranked monster.

Just luring a fraction of the Steel Watchers would be a challenge. These monsters stood too close to each other; if they attacked one of these monsters, they would alarm them all. Over 400 Watchers would chase them down.

“Everyone, get ready.” Youlan understood exactly what Shi Feng was trying to do. However, while realizing this plan was difficult, she had committed to Shi Feng’s leadership. Since he had not voiced any concerns with his plan, they had to believe in him.

A short moment later, everyone fell into formation and prepared. Now, they only had to wait for the Ranger White Night to lure the monsters.

White Night did not rush in luring the Elite monsters. Rather, he stood to one side and waited patiently for the patrolling Steel Watchers to move past before he attacked.

However, White Night did not attack the Elite monsters directly. Instead, he set up a trap along the Steel Watchers’ path.

Rangers were not just adept at ranged attacks. The class was also capable of setting various kinds of traps.

White Night had set a Poison Trap. When a monster stumbled into it, it would suffer a Poisoned debuff and lose some HP every three seconds for 15 seconds.

Traps were not limited by range, but by time. Even if a player were 100 yards away from their trap, it would still trigger.

After setting up a series of traps, White Night distanced himself from the temple and waited for the patrol of Steel Watchers to return.

After another few minutes, the Steel Watchers came back along their previous path. Without any suspense, one of the Steel Watchers triggered White Night’s trap, and its entire body took on a dark-green hue. Although the remaining 19 Watchers noticed the abnormality, White Night was outside of their perception range. Hence, the 19 Steel Watchers stood there ignorantly as they searched for the enemy.

However, the poisoned Steel Watcher was different. Not only had the trap inflicted damage, but it also now suffered a DoT debuff. It charged towards White Night immediately.

Traps were like curses. When a monster fell into a trap, it would detect its target after a certain amount of time regardless of how far the target was from it. Only, this period wasn’t long. After the time passed, the monster would similarly lose its target if the player were still outside its perception range.

However, once the poisoned Steel Watcher had moved ten yards closer to White Night and just before the allotted time passed, it triggered another Poison Trap. As a result, the Steel Watcher confirmed White Night’s whereabouts and continued to charge towards the Ranger.

In such a way, the Steel Watcher triggered a series of three traps, the traps luring it roughly 30 yards away from its companions. When the other Steel Watchers saw this, they cautiously followed the poisoned Watcher. Moreover, because of this Steel Watcher, four nearby patrol squads of Steel Watchers also began converging on White Night’s position. However, after a dozen or so yards, they abandoned their advance.

After all, these monsters couldn’t detect an enemy. Without a clear target, these Steel Watchers could not react properly.

As for the Steel Guardians and Steel Slaughterer, they ignored the incident.

“Damn, that’s possible?!” Minor Wind was stunned upon seeing this method.

Minor Wind wasn’t the only person present surprised. Youlan and the others also wore shocked expressions.

With a single move, White Night had lured the Elite monsters away from the troublesome Lords and Grand Lord. With this, they didn’t have to fear pulling the Bosses’ aggro while they wiped out the Elite monsters. Dealing with the Bosses afterward would be much easier.

After moving into the Watchers’ perception range, White Night nocked his arrows and fired three Frost Arrows at the poisoned Steel Watcher.

The three arrows sped through the air and struck the poisoned Elite.

-6,618.

-6,627.

-13,216.

…

Not only did the poisoned Steel Watcher instantly lose a large portion of its HP, but its Movement Speed and Attack Speed had also been reduced.

Just before the poisoned Steel Watcher reached White Night, the Ranger had depleted its 120,000 HP, and its heavy body fell to the ground with a loud boom. As for the Steel Watchers following closely behind, at Shi Feng’s command, the team’s ranged classes bombarded the monsters with AOE Attack and Control Skills. After a moment, every Steel Watcher died without any need for an MT, granting everyone EXP.

After dealing with the first wave of Steel Watchers, the following waves became much easier.

Once the team had cleared over half of the Steel Watchers around the temple, the Steel Slaughterer and Guardians could no longer remain idle as they charged towards the team. Unlike the low-intelligence Steel Watchers, however, the Grand Lord and Lords immediately targeted the healers.

“Cola, intercept the Grand Lord! Other MTs, lead the Guardians away!” Shi Feng hurriedly shouted.

Cola, who resembled a grizzly bear, raised his Dragonscale Shield and charged at the Grand Lord.

The Steel Slaughterer towered like a mountain. In front of its gigantic stature, Cola was an insignificant ant. Moreover, no player could stand against the power of a Grand Lord’s charge; they had to dodge it if they wanted to survive.

Contrary to expectations, however, Cola moved straight towards the Steel Slaughterer’s feet, raising his shield and bellowing a war cry.

Tier 1 Skill, Justice Bash!

Immediately, Cola’s body released a golden glow as he doubled in size. He then crashed into the Slaughterer’s calf.

Boom!

The powerful impact generated a strong wind that swept over the other players.

Cola had only managed to stabilize his body after taking three steps back, a damage of more than -6,000 points appearing above his head. To Cola, who had 22,400 HP, the damage was acceptable. After the healers sent him a few heals, Cola’s HP instantly recovered to full. As for the Steel Slaughterer, its charge had been abruptly halted, and it trembled slightly.

The watching team members were stupefied.

“He blocked it? Just like that?” Youlan’s mind froze.

No MT could even stand against a Level 40 Great Lord’s Strength. They needed at least three to five MTs blocking to stop one of its attacks. But this was a Grand Lord, and even sending five MTs would be tantamount to suicide.

Yet, Cola had stopped the Steel Slaughterer’s charge without any help. It was unbelievable.

So, Zero Wing has such a powerful MT. I see why Ye Feng said that one person would be enough.

White Night, Bloodsucker, and the others were similarly shocked. Although they had not tested the Steel Slaughterer’s Strength personally, they could make an educated guess.

Most likely, no other MT on their team could replicate Cola’s feat of tanking a Grand Lord by himself.

This Epic Shield is the best!

Cola was ecstatic as he looked at the shield in his hand.

Initially, he had been prepared to be thrown when he charged at the Steel Slaughterer. In the end, however, he was only forced back by three steps.

However, Cola quickly regained his focus and proceeded to use Shield of Vengeance against the Steel Slaughterer’s calf, causing -3,475 damage.

Shield of Vengeance came with a shock effect. Although its damage was not particularly high, the Skill felt powerful to others and would draw a monster’s attention to the Skill’s user.

In the blink of an eye, the Steel Slaughterer switched focus to Cola.