Chapter 929 - Clear

Chapter 929: Clear

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Even after Sailu Tiban had been weakened, it dealt over -10,000 damage to Cola despite the Guardian Knight’s active Berserk Skill. Fortunately, Cola now had 40,000 HP. Without the Berserk Skill, the single attack would have dropped his HP to a critical state. If it had been a critical hit, he would have died instantly…

“Skill incoming! Melee players, move back! Cola, focus on your positioning!” Shi Feng warned the MT when he saw the King of Corrosion’s raised claws release a green glow.

Although Shi Feng had warned his team the moment he noticed the Grand Lord prepare the Skill, Sailu Tiban didn’t need long to launch it. When the Grand Lord’s claws descended, many were still within ten yards of it.

Boom!

The earth shattered. Everyone within 20 yards was thrown into a Fainted state. In addition, green mist surfaced from the affected area.

All players within the green mist lost 10,000 HP every second. Although some players had dispelled their Fainted debuff immediately, they had failed to escape the area in time. In the blink of an eye, the mist claimed three lives.

“What a powerful Skill!”

Although five healers focused on him, Cola only had around 14,000 HP by the time he broke through the green mist. Even the healers couldn’t keep up with his diminishing HP. Meanwhile, his Strengthening Device’s Durability had fallen by 20 points. The mist’s corrosive power was staggering.

After Sailu Tiban finished executing its Skill, it searched for a new target. Its eyes then fell upon one of the healers standing in the rear. It started to turn and tried to charge towards the healer.

“The Boss is changing targets! MTs, block it!” Shi Feng shouted.

Every so often, the King of Corrosion would choose a random target within 50 yards to attack, and for four seconds, it would become immune to aggro-pulling Skills such as Mock. During these four seconds, players could only do their best to hinder the Grand Lord.

Although four seconds might seem like a short time, to Sailu Tiban, it was more than enough to cross 50 yards.

After Shi Feng issued his orders, Turtledove executed Steel Impact and smashed her shield into the King of Corrosion.

Peng!

After a 300% boost to her Strength, her Strength Attribute surpassed even Shi Feng’s while the Swordsman had Heavenly Dragon’s Power active. As a result, the attack forced the King of Corrosion back by two steps, a damage of over -10,000 points appearing above its head.

Shock and admiration filled the team when they saw the Grand Lord stumble back.

This move had delayed Sailu Tiban for two seconds. After including the ten MTs’ blockade, the team foiled the King of Corrosion’s attempt to eliminate one of the healers.

Taking this opportunity, everyone bombarded the Grand Lord with attacks.

Multiple damages appeared above Sailu Tiban’s head. However, the King of Corrosion’s Defense was simply too high. Even Fire Dance had only dealt around -1,300 damage with each normal attack, while her Skills dealt around -3,000 damage. This damage was not nearly as eye-catching as what she had dealt to the Steel Slaughterer.

As for Shi Feng, with the Sacred Sword doubling his damage and the effects of Power of Darkness and Angel’s Blessing, every attack dealt around -10,000 damage; if he scored a critical hit, he dealt around -20,000 damage.

As time passed and Cola’s Berserk Skill ended, Ye Wumian activated his Power of Darkness and replaced Cola. After Ye Wumian was done, Turtledove took his place.

During this time, Sailu Tiban managed to kill another dozen or so players. As for the King of Corrosion itself, its HP had fallen to 30%.

“A big one is coming! Everyone, stand together! Healers, don’t hold back. Heal everyone!” Shi Feng ordered a halt to his team’s attacks as he gathered them together when he noticed the Grand Lord shrink.

When its HP fell to 30%, Sailu Tiban would randomly launch powerful AOE attacks around itself. Every player within range would share the damage from these attacks. If only one person were within a targeted area, the attack would even deal enough damage to kill Shi Feng with Heavenly Dragon’s Power active. Hence, everyone needed to stand together to receive this attack.

After the team had huddled together, pillars of green light began to descend from the sky, one after another. These pillars created large craters when the struck the ground. It was clear that these players would die if they were stuck.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng’s team received a blast. Everyone lost over 10,000 HP on the spot. Before the healers could restore their HP, another pillar struck the team. The players lost another 10,000 HP.

The pillars of light descended for over twenty seconds. Throughout this time, a total of five pillars bombarded Shi Feng’s team. Many had died part-way. In the end, less than 50 people remained.

Unfortunately, while Sailu Tiban cast its Skill, its HP had recovered, climbing from 30% to 50%. It now had 30,000,000 HP remaining.

Despair gripped everyone’s hearts.

They had fewer than fifty players standing now. Moreover, the surviving members were worse for wear, yet they still needed to burn away 30,000,000 HP from the King of Corrosion…

Had they not activated their Berserk Skills, the pillars of light would have killed them. If the King of Corrosion used this move again, their deaths would be imminent.

“Don’t panic. The Boss is now Weakened,” Shi Feng said as he pointed to the King of Corrosion.

Sailu Tiban kneeled on the ground, a tired expression on its face. Seeing this renewed everyone’s confidence.

Immediately, everyone launched a bombardment at the Grand Lord.

Sure enough, as Shi Feng had said…

Everyone’s attacks were now dealing 50% more damage to the King of Corrosion. Moreover, both the Grand Lord’s Strength and speed had decreased by 30%. This significantly reduced the burden on the MTs.

Sailu Tiban’s HP rapidly fell. In just a few moments, its HP dropped from 50% to 30%.

Soon, it fell from 30% to 10%…

However, as time passed the King of Corrosion slowly regained its vigor.

“Don’t hold back! Throw everything you have at it!” Shi Feng anxiously shouted.

The King of Corrosion was too difficult to deal with.

By the time Sailu Tiban had 6% HP remaining, it had recovered from its Weakened state.

Despite having used their Berserk Skills, the team had failed to finish off the Grand Lord while it had been weakened. Now that their Berserk Skills were no longer an option, it was practically impossible to defeat the recovered King of Corrosion.

Suddenly, Cola activated Dragonscale Body and ran in for a final bout.

Shi Feng also activated Blade Liberation, his Attributes instantly doubling. With the Sacred Sword’s effect, each of his attacks dealt over -20,000 damage.

The others began to activate all sorts of Magic Scrolls as well, bombarding the King of Corrosion with various Spells.

Once Sailu Tiban’s HP fell to 5%, it started to attack players randomly. To make things worse, none of their aggro-pulling Skills were effective. As a result, the team rapidly lost players.

When there were only twenty or so players remaining, Sailu Tiban’s HP finally reached 1%.

“Die!”

Watching their teammates die, one after another, the survivors grew anxious. However, although everyone used every Skill they had against the King of Corrosion, the effects were minimal. They had long since exhausted their options, so their damage was now limited.

When there were only 14 players standing, Shi Feng’s Flame Burst finished its Cooldown.

Using Silent Steps, he arrived behind Sailu Tiban’s neck. He then began brandishing Killing Ray.

Fifteen dazzling white lights flared.

The King of Corrosion’s final 300,000 HP vanished instantly, its massive frame crashing before the team.