Chapter 923 - Steel Crown

Chapter 923: Steel Crown Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 923 – Steel Crown

As the Steel Slaughterers crumbled into a pile of scrap metal, the temple’s locked iron doors opened.

“It’s finally dead! I was nearly out of Mana!”

“We won? Just like that?”

“This is so awesome! Nobody will believe us when we tell them we defeated a Level 44 Grand Lord!”

This was not the first time Zero Wing’s members had faced down a Grand Lord. However, this was the first time for Overwhelming Smile’s members. They had even shrunk back in fear even against a Level 40 Grand Lord, not to mention a Level 44 Grand Lord. Hence, how could they contain their excitement?

Currently, very few teams in God’s Domain were capable of killing a Grand Lord.

“This is the first time I have killed a Grand Lord so easily. If we had to rely on Raven’s main force, we would have lost at least 80% of the team. We might have even suffered multiple team-wipes.” Masked Angel sighed in amazement as he sat on the ground.

Raven’s other members nodded their agreement.

Although they had killed Grand Lords before, they usually paid a high price to do so. Generally, they suffered multiple team-wipes before finally succeeding. Moreover, their team usually only had around a dozen or so people alive at the end of the raid.

This was the first time they had killed a Great Lord so easily.

Bloodsucker’s gaze drifted towards Shi Feng, who was occupied with picking up the loot, and he smiled bitterly.

Originally, he had wanted to prove Raven’s strength to Zero Wing. In the end, he and Kirin were the only members of their Guild to rank within the top ten on the team’s damage stats against the Boss; he ranked sixth, while Kirin ranked tenth. As for everyone else in their party of six, they ranked beyond the twentieth place.

It was difficult to boast about such results.

With his DPS statistics, he could rank within the top five among Raven’s main force, yet he only ranked sixth on this team, showing that there were five people stronger than himself. The most laughable aspect was the massive gap between second and third place.

White Night, who ranked third among the team, had only dealt slightly over half of Fire Dance’s total damage.

Aside from them, Aqua Rose ranked fourth on the team, while one of Owl’s female Elementalist named Frozen Dream ranked fifth.

With such an outcome, just how was he supposed to negotiate for a better deal with Shi Feng?

“When fighting the next Boss, drink an Intermediate Boiling Blood Potion and raise your damage ranks. I don’t want to be at a disadvantage during out negotiations,” Bloodsucker whispered to his party members.

The Intermediate Blood Boiling Potion could increase a player’s damage by 20% for ten minutes. It was not available on the market and could only be obtained by killing certain special Field Bosses. It was extremely rare.

“Boss Blood, are you sure that you want to use such a precious potion here? Our Guild only has a dozen or so of these potions,” Kirin asked worriedly. This time, as a precaution, the Guild had given each of them a bottle. Even when the Guild had raided Grand Lords, they had refused to use it.

“Do you think we can top the damage charts if we don’t use this potion?” Bloodsucker retorted, smiling bitterly.

Truthfully, he did not want to use the potion, either. He had thought that he and Kirin would rank among the top five players in terms of damage, while the rest of his party would rank within the top twenty, yet they had not, and now, their reputation was in ruins.

…

As the healers revived the dead, Shi Feng organized the loot he had collected.

“Leader, did they drop something good?” Cola asked excitedly when he noticed Shi Feng’s smile.

The other Zero Wing members turned to Shi Feng as well.

They all knew Shi Feng’s personality. Items that they considered top-tier were ordinary in Shi Feng’s eyes. Items that could garner Shi Feng’s interest were precious first-class items.

“Not bad. The Boss dropped a piece of Growth-type Equipment.” Shi Feng chuckled as he shared the equipment’s Attributes in the team chat.

[Steel Crown] (Helmet, Plate Armor, Bronze Rank) Level 40 – Level 90 Defense +1,374 (Level 40) Strength +31, Endurance +30, Agility +22

Additional Passive Skill 1- Iron Wall: After receiving an attack, user has a 5% chance to trigger Iron Wall, halving the next damage received.

Additional Passive Skill 2- King’s Resolve: Halves mental suppression suffered by wielder and decrease all control effects by one-third.

Additional Active Skill- Steel Impact: Increases Strength by 300%, speed by 100%, and causes a powerful impact to a maximum of three targets. Impact interrupts targets, knocks them back by 10 yards, and places them in a Fainted state for 3 seconds. Cooldown: 1 minute 30 seconds.

This crown was crafted by Titan Craftsman Firos. However, the crown’s power has been severely weakened due to evil power pollution. To purify this evil power, one needs a large number of Magic Crystals and EXP. Can be purified five times. (First purification requires 100 Magic Crystals and 200,000,000 EXP)

Every member of the team unconsciously gasped when they saw the Steel Crown’s Attributes. The crown was a treasure for MTs. The item’s two Passive Skills could significantly reduce the burden on MTs when facing Bosses. As for the Steel Impact Skill, it could be useful during crucial moments to prolong or interrupt a Boss’s channeling before it executed a powerful Skill.

With the 300% Strength increase, an MT could easily take on a Grand Lord of the same level for a few moments. Furthermore, as the Steel Crown was Growth-type Equipment, both the crown’s Basic Attributes and the Skills would improve as the crown was purified.

“This helmet can practically rival Epic Equipment.” Masked Angel drooled as he gazed at the Steel Crown.

The Steel Crown did not have a class restriction. Any plate-wearing class could use it. However, it was most suited for an MT. This item was fully capable of raising an MT’s standards to a whole new level.

The team’s ten MTs stared at the Steel Crown in Shi Feng’s hands.

However, Shi Feng had already discussed the matter of the Bosses’ loot. Among Zero Wing’s side, Raven’s members had opted out of the loot. As for Owl’s members, as they were returning a favor, Shi Feng would pay them with Coins. Beyond that, Shi Feng and Youlan had agreed to take turns choosing items from the loot; the team with the highest damage would choose first.

Now that Zero Wing’s group had an absolute lead in terms of damage, Shi Feng got the first pick. Overwhelming Smile’s members could only watch on with envy. However, Youlan did not find this outcome unfair. After all, they had relied on Zero Wing to kill the Steel Slaughterer.

Among the loot, the Steel Crown was undoubtedly the most precious. However, there were many good items among the loot. Four pieces of Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment had dropped. Currently, Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment was the best available outside of Epic Equipment. Tier 2 Magic Scrolls and rare potions also dropped. Even after splitting the loot, each side would reap a considerable harvest.

“Turtledove, wear this,” Shi Feng handed the Steel Crown to the female Knight Turtledove.

“Me?” Turtledove was somewhat hesitant. Among the Guild’s MTs, both Cola and Ye Wumian were stronger than her. Logically, one of them should have received the crown. She already wore a pair of Epic ranked boots. If she received another piece of Growth-type Equipment now, it would be somewhat unfair to Cola and Ye Wumian.

“Those two are using sets, so they can’t wear the crown. Moreover, the Steel Crown is only Bronze rank right now. Although your Attributes will decrease slightly after equipping it, you will improve overall. You’ll have an easier time dealing with the Bosses later on,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

“That’s right. Turtledove, just take it.” Both Cola and Ye Wumian nodded in agreement.

In reality, Turtledove’s techniques were already quite impressive. She was definitely the third-ranking MT in the Guild. She just had slightly weaker equipment. If Turtledove improved her equipment, tanking Bosses would become much easier.

“Alright, then.” After some thought, Turtledove accepted Shi Feng’s offer. She was moved as well, and she inwardly swore not to let anyone down.