Chapter 924 - An Extraordinary Item'S Hidden Effects

Chapter 924: An Extraordinary Item’s Hidden Effects Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 924 – An Extraordinary Item’s Hidden Effects

After Turtledove equipped the Steel Crown, although her Basic Attributes had decreased slightly, her aura instantly changed.

Five ocean-blue gems adorned the silver crown, which gave Turtledove a royal air. Moreover, Turtledove appeared far more relaxed.

Clearly, the mental suppression around the temple released its grip on Turtledove.

“This crown is amazing. Wearing it actually calmed me down. With this, I don’t have to worry about mental suppression against a high-tiered Boss anymore.” After equipping the Steel Crown, Turtledove felt a pleasant sensation wash over her body, her mind becoming much clearer than before. However, the greatest change she sensed was her body’s flexibility. Her previous helmet could not compare to the Steel Crown.

“Growth-type Equipment is similar to an Extraordinary item. Aside from providing a huge boost to one’s Basic Attributes, it generally provides some hidden effects,” Shi Feng explained.

God’s Domain was a constantly evolving virtual reality game. During the game’s initial stages, Epic items were only slightly stronger than Dark-Gold items in terms of Attributes. However, as God’s Domain evolved, Epic items’ true power would reveal itself, little by little. God’s Domain had already undergone its fourth evolution. Certain Epic items would start to display extraordinary hidden effects that would allow players to display more of their combat power.

After the team rested, Shi Feng led them into the temple.

A long, narrow hallway, which led to a plaza, waited beyond the thick, iron doors. There were no intersections along the hallway.

Various statues decorated the spacious plaza. The plaza also contained swarms of monsters. These monsters were covered in sharp, black scales. They had crescent-shaped heads and no eyes. However, rows of jagged, sharp teeth filled their mouths. Their four limbs looked more like daggers than actual limbs, and wherever these monsters passed, they left deep furrows in the ground. Silver versions of these pitch-black monsters also wandered the plaza. In terms of size, however, the silver monsters were nearly three times larger than their black brothers. Clearly, they would be more difficult to deal with than their smaller counterparts.

[Corrosive Beast] (Dark Creature, Elite) Level 42 HP 150,000

[Corrosive Beast King] (Dark Creature, Lord) Level 43 HP 8,000,000/8,000,000

The plaza seemed to be these Corrosive Beasts’ nest. There were more than ten thousand monsters wandering around; just looking at them sent a chill down one’s spine.

Meanwhile, a gigantic Teleportation Magic Array occupied the plaza’s center. If they wanted to proceed through the trial, the teleportation array was their only option.

“Why are there so many monsters? Do we have to clear all of them?” Youlan frowned as she watched the disgusting Corrosive Beasts.

With a rough glance, she could see over ten thousands monsters in the plaza. Among them, several hundred were silver Corrosive Beast Kings. Taking out these monsters would be a massive undertaking.

Youlan wasn’t the only one who with a headache. Everyone was dumbfounded. This was the first time they had seen so many Lords in one place.

These players even suspected that every one one of these monsters would swarm them the moment they descended the staircase.

The thought of facing hundreds of Lords made everyone more than a little tense. There was no way they would survive so many.

As their team stood there, shocked over the sight of so many powerful monsters, a pair of steel doors on the other end of the plaza opened, and a group of players emerged.

“Why are there other people here?” Youlan muttered in surprise as she watched the players from across the plaza.

“It seems you’re not the only one who obtained a Titan City Pass. We need to move faster now.” Although Shi Feng found the situation strange, he was not particularly shocked.

The Holy City of Titan’s entrance trial was not a Dungeon. It was just an extremely dangerous special map. In addition, it was categorized by levels, with every ten levels sharing one map. Players between Level 36 and Level 45 would share one map, and players between Level 46 and Level 55 would share a different map.

Any player who obtained the pass could venture here. God’s Domain was massive, and with so many players, it’d be surprising if no other top-tier players managed to find their own pass.

Unfortunately, the other party was clearly a powerful team, based on the fact that they had come this far, and Shi Feng didn’t want to benefit another team in the entrance trial.

The trial’s four paths had three main stages, with each having a different challenge set for the first stage. However, all four paths would converge here for the second stage. The four paths also shared the same final challenge.

The first team to clear the final stage would gain an additional benefit: Reputation for the Holy City of Titan. It was usually extremely difficult to raise one’s Titan City Reputation, so this was a massive benefit for the first team that cleared the trial.

At the same time as Shi Feng and the others discovered those players, that group of players had also discovered Shi Feng’s group.

“Boss Peerless, there’s another team over there. Should we get rid of them?” a Level 40, burly Assassin suggested, making the gesture of slitting one’s throat while he stared at Shi Feng and his team.

“Ignore them. We’ll decide what to do after we pass through this area. It won’t be too late to get rid of them if we meet them later,” Peerless, the group’s leader, said as he waved his hand at the Assassin. “Get ready. We need to clear this area quickly.”

“Understood!” As if this were not their first time here, the team burst into action.

…

“Leader, the other team is making its move!” Aqua Rose asked softly, “Should we watch them for a moment first?”

Naturally, Shi Feng understood Aqua Rose’s concern. With their team’s strength, taking on seven or eight Lords at once might be easy, but against several hundred Lords, even Shi Feng felt powerless. Hence, their best option was to observe the other group as they cleared this stage. This way, they would increase their chances of clearing the stage as well.

However, Shi Feng had no intentions of letting the other side get ahead of him.

Titan City’s Reputation was on the line, and he must have it!

Although there were a lot of monsters in the plaza, their numbers weren’t the largest cause for his headache. The Corrosive Beasts had an extremely abominable ability which could rapidly deplete players’ Durability. With this ability, it was impossible to defeat them all before their equipment broke.

“MTs and plate armor classes, gather around me,” Shi Feng said. He then revealed a large number of Strengthening Devices. “Each of you, take two of these Strengthening Devices. After using them, thirty of you will form a protective circle while the other melees will serve as replacements when needed. All ranged DPS and healers will stand in the middle. We’ll charge for the teleportation array.”

As soon as Shi Feng said so, everyone understood his plan.

They didn’t actually need to kill all of these monsters. Rather, they needed to reach the Teleportation Magic Array.

Unfortunately, while this task might be easy for MTs, it was very difficult for melee classes. There were also countless Corrosive Beasts. They were all bound to receive some damage. If the healers only had to focus on a few MTs, they could bear it. However, they had to keep as many as 30 people alive. There was also a fairly long distance between the staircase and the plaza’s center. If their healing failed to keep up with the damage the melee classes received, everyone would die before reaching the teleportation array.

Shi Feng’s decision was definitely risky.

However, Youlan and the others could not think of a better plan. Hence, they had to put their faith in Shi Feng once more. Moreover, two groups of players were charging into the plaza. This would reduce the number of monsters they had to deal with. If they started moving after the other side had cleared the stage, it would be far more difficult to succeed.

By the time everyone finished preparing, Shi Feng had noticed that the other team had begun to move. Immediately, he shouted, “Move out!”