Chapter 922 - Splendid Cooperation

Chapter 922: Splendid Cooperation

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“That’s a Doppelganger Skill. This will be tough.”

Bloodsucker frowned when the Steel Slaughterer split into two; he had a bad feeling about this.

One of the worst kinds of Skills players could come across when fighting Bosses were Doppelganger Skills, particularly doppelgangers like this that did not have weakened Attributes. The only saving grace was that such doppelgangers usually shared HP. Overall, however, the Boss would be far more difficult to deal with than if it simply gone Berserk and gained a huge boost to its Attributes.

Now that nearly half of their team was dead, their likelihood of defeating the two Grand Lords was very low.

First of all, they only had half of their MTs. Secondly, the Grand Lord’s overall combat power had not simply doubled. If the two Grand Lords superimposed their attacks, they would deal double the damage. Against such a powerful attack, even an MT like Cola would die without every healer focused on him.

“If these Grand Lords use that shockwave move again, we might as well give up.” Youlan frowned, her willowy brows meeting, as she looked at the two Steel Slaughterers. She had never imagined that this Grand Lord would be so difficult to deal with.

“Guild Leader, what should we do? Should we activate our Berserk Skills?” Aqua Rose sent Shi Feng a whisper.

“Cola, tank the white one. Turtledove, you’ll assist him. The other three MTs will be responsible for pinning down the black one. Keep them 50 yards away from each other. All healers, stand in a triangular position to the two Bosses and stand as far away as you can to heal the MTs,” Shi Feng commanded calmly.

The Steel Slaughterer was an important Stage Boss. The system would not allow players to clear the entrance trial so easily.

Moreover, as Youlan had guessed, when the Steel Slaughterers’ HP fell below 30%, both Grand Lords would still use Thunder Destruction again. The Skill wouldn’t be any weaker than the previous attack, either. In the past, before players had discovered an appropriate countermeasure, many expert teams had fallen to this move.

Although nobody knew the reason behind Shi Feng’s command, they moved according to his orders without hesitation. After all, it was only thanks to Shi Feng’s guidance that they had come this far.

Very quickly, everyone fell into position.

Cola still had a relatively easy time dealing with the white Steel Slaughterer, receiving only five or six thousand damage from each of the Grand Lord’s normal attacks. Even when a Skill struck him, he only lost around 15,000 HP. When he had the buffs from Clerics and Oracles’ shields when he received an attack, he received even less damage. On the black Steel Slaughter’s side, however, Moonlight Knight, the lead MT for that doppelganger, teetered between life and death.

Moonlight Knight lost over 8,000 HP due to a normal attack. Unfortunately, the Guardian Knight only had slightly over 19,000 HP; that was close to 3,000 points less than Cola. If he received one of the Grand Lord’s Skills without any buffs, he would die instantly. Although Moonlight Knight relied on his techniques and positioning to evade the black Steel Slaughterer’s attacks, the Grand Lord’s speed and Strength was overwhelming. Moreover, the Boss’s attacks covered a wide area. It was very difficult to bridge the gap with techniques and positioning alone. After all, the Guardian Knight class did not boast high Agility. It was mainly a meat shield.

Fortunately, with three MTs taking turns tanking the Boss, they could, somehow, avoid fatalities.

“Everyone, focus your attacks on the white Boss!” Shi Feng shouted.

Under Shi Feng’s command, the team launched their Skills at the white Steel Slaughterer. However, the Grand Lord’s Defense was quite high. Its innate Magic Resistance was also high due to it being an Elemental Being. The majority of the team members only dealt around -2,000 damage, -4,000 with critical hits. Even Bloodsucker and Kirin, powerful DPS players who wielded Epic Weapons, only dealt around -4,000 to -5,000 damage with their Skills.

As for White Night, his overall damage was slightly higher than Bloodsucker.

However, compared to White Night and Bloodsucker, Shi Feng’s and Fire Dance’s damages were shocking.

Epic Weapon wielders like White Night and Bloodsucker already dealt awe-inspiring damage, yet Shi Feng and Fire Dance surpassed them by a large margin.

Upon arriving behind the Steel Slaughterer, Shi Feng brandished Killing Ray.

Immediately, damages of over -6,000 points appeared above the Boss’s head, one after another. Moreover, every hit was a critical normal attack. When Shi Feng used a Skill, his damage soared to ten or twenty thousand.

His performance was dazzling.

The various players wouldn’t be terribly surprised if only Shi Feng’s performance were so magnificent, yet Fire Dance, who fought beside him, also resembled a humanoid Lord. With an overwhelming lead, these two occupied the first and second place in the Boss’s damage rankings. Among them, Shi Feng only held first place with a small lead.

Although Fire Dance possessed the Fragmented Legendary Weapon Thousand Transformations, Shi Feng’s Abyssal Blade and Heavenly Dragon’s Breath had both improved. Including the gap between their techniques and Skills, Fire Dance had no advantage over Shi Feng.

Moreover, they both possessed extremely high Strength Attributes. When the two of them attacked, they matched their attacks to strike a single location. One person’s Strength might not cause a significant impact, but with their Strengths combined, their attacks affected the Steel Slaughterer. Unfortunately, such combination attacks were difficult to achieve. If both individuals had not reached a certain combat standard, accomplishing such a feat was practically impossible.

Overall, Shi Feng and Fire Dance’s occasional combination attacks against the Steel Slaughterer’s joints had greatly lessened the burden on Cola and Turtledove. The healers could now split their concentration and focus more on the MTs on the other side.

“How are they accomplishing this?”

“Am I seeing things?! They can actually combine their attacks to shake such a powerful Grand Lord?!”

Everyone was dumbfounded as they watched Shi Feng and Fire Dance’s attack rhythms, which closely resembled each other’s. They had never imagined that players could use this method to deal with Bosses.

Although they, as experts, could also match their attack rhythms with others, Shi Feng and Fire Dance’s achievement was not that simple. These two were even capable of accurately striking the same position as if they had discussed this beforehand. In addition, they were fought impressively fast, which increased the feat’s difficulty exponentially.

The intricate control required to combine two sources of Strength could easily cause an expert to go mad. This was no longer a lack of techniques. This feat required two people to possess a relatively high synchronization rate with each other.

However, what everyone did not know was that, during their daytime training sessions in the real world, Shi Feng often sparred with Fire Dance. Hence, they were very familiar with each other’s attack patterns. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to cooperate this seamlessly.

“How high are their Attributes?” Bloodsucker and White Night had not only noticed the two players’ perfect coordination. They were actually more curious about Shi Feng and Fire Dance’s Basic Attributes. Without sufficient Strength, even if Shi Feng and Fire Dance could combine their attacks, they would not shake the Steel Slaughterer.

Previously, Bloodsucker had thought that Shi Feng and Fire Dance was only slightly stronger than him in terms of Attributes. After witnessing this, however, he finally understood just how wide the gap was between them.

As for White Night, he was curious about the Guild Zero Wing. After witnessing Black Flame’s performance, he had already begun to reevaluate his opinion of the upstart Guild, yet another two monsters had emerged from Zero Wing…

Feng Xuanyang has truly doomed Underworld.

Youlan’s eyes twitched as she watched the team’s damage statistics against the Boss.

Even now, Feng Xuanyang wanted to annihilate Zero Wing and replace it as White River City’s overlord. After watching this, however, Youlan realized how foolish the man’s actions were.

Previously, she had not had a clear grasp of Zero Wing’s top experts. Now, she understood. She also how wide the gap was between Zero Wing’s main force and hers, which she formed with Underworld’s connections. It was no wonder why Zero Wing had not feared the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion and later dared to offend King’s Return.

Now, it seemed that Zero Wing’s main force was no weaker than the main force of God’s Domain’s major powers. One would even be hard-pressed to find frightening damage dealers such as Shi Feng and Fire Dance on those teams, not to mention a powerful MT like Cola. With such a composition, they could collect top-tier equipment as fast as those major powers.

Following which, the Steel Slaughterer’s HP decreased at a rate visible to the naked eye.

Very quickly, its HP fell to 30%. Suddenly, the Steel Slaughterers on both sides stomped the ground, forcing the players away.

“We’re doomed!” Everyone knew that the battle was over when they saw the Grand Lords prepare to use Thunder Destruction simultaneously.

One Boss using this Skill had already left them standing at death’s door. If both Bosses used this Skill simultaneously, the stacked damage would undoubtedly blast them through that door.

“Everyone, hide beside the white Boss! Moonlight, you three hide beside the black Boss! You’ll be responsible for tanking the Boss! Blackie, give Moonlight Knight Guardian of Light! Cola, activate Dragonscale Body!” Shi Feng shouted.

Guardian of Light could reduce the damage the target received as well as heal the target. Meanwhile, Dragonscale Body would increase Cola’s Defense by 200%, HP by 300% and recovery ability by 500%. After activating Protection Blessing as well, Cola could even survive without any healing.

The black Steel Slaughterer was simply too far away. It was impossible for the other three MTs to reach the white Slaughterer in time. Hence, he had to leave the MTs with Moonlight Knight to fend for themselves. Fortunately, they had a Skill like Guardian of Light, so they could save at least one of them. Otherwise, without anybody tanking the black Steel Slaughterer, the two Grand Lords would obliterate the team.

After Shi Feng issued his orders, everyone burst into action.

Shortly after, both Steel Slaughterers activated Thunder Destruction; the power their Skills contained was no weaker than the last time. The only difference was that each Steel Slaughterer only launched three shockwave attacks instead of six.

“Huh? What’s going on?” Everyone was confused when they noticed that no one had died.

They should’ve received six damages. This time, however, they had only suffered three. Moreover, none of the black Slaughterer’s shockwaves had hit them. As for Moonlight Knight’s side, all three MTs had survived.

Did the shockwaves offset each other?

Youlan suddenly thought of their positions. They just so happened to be standing in line with the two Steel Slaughterers. With this, the shockwaves the black Slaughterer had released had been offset by the white Slaughterer’s before any had reached them. They hadn’t suffered any damage from the black Slaughterer’s attacks.

Youlan wasn’t the only one who had realized what had just happened. Bloodsucker and White Night had reached the same conclusion. They all turned to Shi Feng, who was reorganizing the team’s formations, every one of them wondering just how smart Shi Feng was to think of such a solution so quickly. If they had been in charge, they would have only been able to wait for their deaths.

After the Steel Slaughterer’s attacks, the two Grand Lords did not use any powerful AOE Skills. In less than ten minutes, both Bosses died by Shi Feng’s hands, granting everyone an abundance of EXP. Even after they shared the EXP, several of Overwhelming Smile’s Level 38 members rose to Level 39. Shi Feng’s experience bar had also risen by nearly 6%. Compared to killing an ordinary Grand Lord, the Steel Slaughterer provided far more EXP.

Meanwhile, due to Divine Providence, the Steel Slaughterer dropped over a dozen items.