Chapter 930 - Siege Tool

Chapter 930: Siege Tool

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Seeing the King of Corrosion fall to the ground, the survivors released a sigh of relief. A moment later, everyone burst into cheers.

Sailu Tiban’s death allowed the survivors’ levels to increase rapidly. For example, Fire Dance and Aqua Rose, who were Level 40, reached Level 42. Youlan also climbed from Level 39 to Level 42. As for Shi Feng, White Night, and Frozen Dream, they shot from Level 42 to Level 43.

So much EXP!

The corners of Bloodsucker’s lips twitched slightly when he saw two consecutive lights wrap around his body, his Level rising to 42.

The King of Corrosion had nearly annihilated them. Not a single MT on the team was still alive. Among the healers, only Violet Cloud still stood.

Without any Lifesaving Skills, the King of Corrosion could kill a player with each attack.

The battle’s intensity had left a lingering fear among the survivors.

“Rest up. Violet, after you recover your Mana, revive the other healers,” Shi Feng ordered after glancing over everyone. The King of Corrosion’s might hadn’t particularly surprised him. After all, Sailu Tiban was an Archaic Species. In fact, this outcome had been excellent since he hadn’t used his trump cards. If they had been any other team, Sailu Tiban’s ultimate attack would have annihilated them. They would not have survived until the Grand Lord entered a Weakened state.

The King of Corrosion didn’t drop much after it died. Even after Shi Feng had used Divine Providence, it had only dropped nine items and some Coins. Among the items, five were materials. After splitting the Coins among the team, each person only obtained around 40 Silver. They did not even have enough to pay for their repair fees.

However, among the loot, Shi Feng only had eyes for a flashing, silver emblem.

This was none other than the Holy City’s Emblem. With this emblem, he didn’t have to worry about finding a pass to the Holy City in the future.

Of the three remaining items, one was a piece of Growth-type Equipment, one was a piece of Epic Equipment, and the last was a Miniature Ballista Design.

[Celovia’s Blade] (Two-handed Sword, Bronze Rank) Level 40 – Level 100 Equipment Requirement: Strength 700 Attack Power +944 (Level 40) Strength +52, Endurance +61 Attack Speed +3 Ignore Levels +7

When attacking, 20% chance to deal 2.1 times damage and inflict the Bleeding debuff on target for 12 seconds.

Additional Passive Skill- Monstrous Strength: When attacking, there is a chance to increase Strength by 60% for 5 seconds.

Additional Active Skill- Blood of Fury: The lower the wielder’s HP is, the higher their damage and Attack Speed become to a maximum of 70% for 1 minute. Cooldown: 5 hours

This sword belonged to Titan’s Grand Marshall Celovia. However, due to contamination by the power of darkness, purifying the item will require a large number of Magic Crystals and EXP. (First purification requires 200 Magic Crystals and 400,000,000 EXP)

This sword, which had once been used by a Grand Marshall of Titan City, caused the team’s Berserkers to drool. The weapon even tempted Bloodsucker. Although his current weapon was Epic rank, when comparing Additional Skills, Celovia’s Blade was much suited for Berserkers. Celovia’s Blade was almost tailor-made for the class. Unfortunately, purifying the weapon five times would require a lot of Magic Crystals and EXP.

The other Epic item also left everyone speechless.

[Ring of Corrosion] (Ring, Epic Rank) Level 40 – Level 90 Equipment Requirement: Agility 400, Intelligence 200 Strength +38, Agility +42, Endurance +26, Intelligence +31 (Level 40) Ignore Levels +10

When equipped: Increase all Attributes by 10%. Poison Resistance +20 Magic Resistance +10

Additional Passive Skill- Corrosion: Allows wielder’s attacks to weaken opponent’s Defense and Magic Resistance by 50% and inflicts a Poisoned debuff, causing damage every two seconds for 10 seconds. Debuff can stack up to 5 times.

Additional Active Skill: Poisonous Miasma: Release a poisonous mist in a radius of 20 yards, causing damage equal to 500% of wielder’s Main Attribute every second. Enemies within this poisonous mist suffer a 10% Defense and Magic Resistance decrease for 10 seconds. Cooldown: 30 minutes

Ornaments were already extremely rare in God’s Domain, much less an Epic ranked ring. A ring that improved a player’s DPS was even rarer. Overall, the Ring of Corrosion was even more valuable than Celovia’s Blade.

The instant Shi Feng revealed the Ring of Corrosion’s information, the players gasped.

After everyone had revived, Shi Feng looked to Youlan and asked, “I choose the Holy City’s Emblem. Which item will you choose?”

Overwhelming Smile’s members wished they could walk away with it all. The two items and the Miniature Ballista were extremely valuable items to a Guild. As for the Holy City’s Emblem, Shi Feng had not shared its Attributes. He had specifically exercised his right to choose the first item to avoid revealing its information. Nobody called Shi Feng out on his actions, either. After all, they had only won this battle because of Shi Feng’s commands.

However, Youlan was somewhat hesitant, her gaze shifting back and forth between the two items and the Miniature Ballista.

The Miniature Ballista was a powerful siege tool.

Now that players were reaching higher levels, the various Guilds had begun to prepare for conquering towns. They had already learned the benefits of mastering a town from the situation in Stone Forest Town. That little town raked in thousands of Gold each day for Zero Wing. Hence, the various large Guilds prioritized capturing their own.

However, producing the Miniature Ballista was very difficult. With Lifestyle players’ current abilities, it was almost impossible to manufacture.

In the short-term, choosing the two pieces of equipment would undoubtedly benefit her team. In the long-run, however, the Miniature Ballista was more advantageous.

As Youlan hesitated over her choice, War Wolf whispered to her, “Youlan, pick the two pieces of equipment. You still lack a powerful foundation. Although the Miniature Ballista is indeed valuable, it is not particularly useful right now.”

In the organization known as Underworld, Youlan was not yet an upper echelon. She also did not have a Guild of her own. While the Miniature Ballista might profit a Guild immensely, it was not particularly beneficial to an individual.

If Youlan wanted to raise her position in the organization, then she needed a powerful team to support her. Hence, choosing Celuvia’s Blade and the Ring of Corrosion was a wiser decision than choosing the Miniature Ballista. Moreover, if not for Shi Feng’s help in the trial, they wouldn’t have any of these items.

“I’ll pick the Ring of Corrosion.” Youlan felt that War Wolf’s opinion was quite reasonable. Although Underworld might be an organization, not everyone within the organization was of a single heart. While she might temporarily raise her position if she presented the Miniature Ballista, others could replace her at any time.

“I’ll pick the Miniature Ballista Design, then,” Shi Feng said without hesitation.

He had plenty of methods to obtain top-tier weapons and equipment. Although he lacked Epic Weapons and Equipment right now, as players reached higher levels, obtaining them would become easier. However, it was a different story for siege tool designs. These designs would also be difficult to find. They couldn’t be obtained by simply killing a few powerful Bosses. If he missed on this opportunity, he would definitely regret it.

Moreover, Shi Feng now had the Holy City’s Emblem. He no longer worried about nurturing Advanced Engineers. He could even nurture Master Engineers. It wouldn’t be long before he could manufacture the Miniature Ballista.

The thought of using the Miniature Ballista to capture a town excited Shi Feng.

After Shi Feng finished distributing the items and everyone had rested, Shi Feng reversed the flow of Mana in the Teleportation Magic Array once more.

Suddenly, a small, golden Teleportation Magic Array appeared a short distance away from the central array. The small teleportation array’s golden glow scattered the surrounding Corrosive Beasts and Corrosive Beast Kings. None of the monsters dared move closer than 300 yards from the teleportation array.

“What’s going on?” Shi Feng frowned at the golden array with curiosity.