Chapter 938 - Pantheon

Chapter 938 – Pantheon

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

As the golden light appeared, it returned visibility to the foggy valley.

Shi Feng and his team’s sudden arrival left Peerless’s team speechless.

How are they here?

This question echoed in everyone’s minds. It was an irrefutable fact that they had progressed through the third stage faster and more successful than they had during their previous attempt, yet Shi Feng’s team had still managed to get ahead of them.

The most infuriating part was that, now that they had aggroed the three Bosses, Shi Feng’s team could simply head up the mountain and reach Titan City without issues.

However, before Peerless and his team could figure out what they should do next, the three Bosses charged at them.

[Three-headed Demonic Ape King] (Dark Creature, Grand Lord)

Level 45

HP 70,000,000/70,000,000

[Two-headed Demonic Ape] (Dark Creature, Great Lord)

Level 45

HP 30,000,000/30,000,000

Even a team of 1,000 elite players would have no hope against a Grand Lord and two Great Lords, much less a 100-man team.

Realizing how grim their situation was, Peerless clenched his jaw and commanded, “Activate the barrier! Everyone else, follow me!”

Fifteen players immediately gathered and began to form a magic barrier that trapped the three Bosses, preventing the monsters from pursuing the rest of their team. As they did so, Peerless his other members towards Shi Feng.

His intentions were obvious. He wanted to drag Shi Feng and his people into the fight, using the opportunity to escape.

—

“Leader, those people are heading towards us. It seems they’re trying to drag us down with them,” Aqua Rose giggled softly as she watched Peerless’s team rush towards them.

“Let’s get rid of them, lest they hinder us later.” Needless to say, Shi Feng also knew what Peerless and his team planned.

“Wait a minute; that is Peerless, one of Pantheon’s Elders!” Initially, Youlan had agreed with Shi Feng’s decision. However, upon taking a closer look and recognizing the other team’s leader as Peerless, she hesitated.

Pantheon was a Super Guild. Although Pantheon’s headquarters was nowhere near Star-Moon Kingdom and it couldn’t affect the kingdom’s affairs, a few of Underworld’s upper echelons had been buttering up the Super Guild.

If they killed Pantheon’s members now, a simple inquiry would reveal her as a member of Underworld. When that happened, she would invoke her upper echelons’ ire.

This was also why she was so desperately trying to strengthen her foundations. With a powerful team, her position in Underworld would not be at risk if she angered a few of the organization’s upper echelons.

“Will it inconvenience you?” Noticing Youlan’s hesitation, Shi Feng, more or less, understood how much influence a Super Guild had.

“It will impact the organization’s plans,” Youlan replied honestly. Feebly, she continued, “If Team Leader Ye Feng attacks that team, I’m afraid that my side can’t help.”

“That’s fine. You guys can stay here and watch.” Shi Feng dismissed Youlan’s concerns.

Following which, Shi Feng led his team to welcome Peerless and the others.

“Zero Wing sure is ruthless. They don’t even hesitate against a Super Guild.”

“It seems like the rumors of Zero Wing provoking King’s Return are true.”

Overwhelming Smile’s members watched with admiration.

Everyone had been dumbfounded when Zero Wing had provoked the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. Afterward, the Guild had picked a fight with King’s Return. Now, Zero Wing’s members had, without hesitation, decided to strike against Pantheon’s members. If they were any other first-rate Guild, they would have already cowered in fear…

The Titan City pass was extremely valuable. Based on how prepared Peerless and the other Pantheon members appeared to be, it was obvious how much the Super Guild valued the Holy City of Titan. If Shi Feng and his players killed Peerless’s team, Pantheon would undoubtedly hold a grudge against Zero Wing.

—

“Boss Peerless, those people are heading this way! From the looks of it, I think they’re trying to block our path!”

“Perfect. They’ve ruined my plans once already. Now, I’ll teach them to fear Pantheon! When the Bosses get here, head up the mountain!”

Joy fluttered in Peerless’s eyes as he watched Shi Feng’s team approach. Had Shi Feng led his team up the mountain, he would have escaped the looming disaster of the three Bosses. However, now that they were coming to him, he could use this chance to relieve some stress.

Both teams fell into formation and prepared for battle.

“Boss Peerless, I think I’ve seen those players before! The Swordsman leading the charge looks like Ye Feng from the Asura Battle Team!”

“Those are Zero Wing’s members!”

“Ye Feng? Didn’t he defeat that old monster from the Battle Wolves?”

When only 100 yards separated the two teams, Pantheon’s members realized who they were facing. Tension sang through them as they prepared for a gruesome battle, no longer taking this fight so lightly.

They also discovered something shocking: Shi Feng and his team’s Levels.

Every player was above Level 40, while some had even reached Level 43. It was impossible to find such a high-leveled team, even in God’s Domain’s empires.

As the teams grew closer…

Although Peerless’s side had the numerical advantage, his team members’ expressions were grim.

Previously, as both teams had been too far from each other, they hadn’t noticed anything special about Zero Wing’s team. However, as they closed the distance, fear began to grip their hearts. Shi Feng, White Night, Fire Dance, and a few others leading the team, in particular, radiated an even stronger pressure than a Lord.

Why do they have so many experts? Peerless frowned, shock filling his gaze.

Among Zero Wing’s 50-man team, at least nine of them felt threatening. Of the nine, he trembled in fear as the pressure of four specific players swept over him. He even began to wonder if he were facing another Super Guild’s raid team. Why else would there be so many experts on a single team?

“I am Peerless, an Elder from Pantheon. You must be Elder Ye Feng from Zero Wing, correct? Why don’t we work together to defeat the Bosses?” Peerless shouted his suggestion as he watched Shi Feng.

Although he was arrogant, he knew when the odds were against him. His current team stood no chance against Shi Feng’s people.

If his team were annihilated now, they would lose their third chance of reaching Titan City. There was also no telling when their Guild would obtain another pass, either. He did not wish to watch his hard-earned opportunity go to waste over a little squabble.

Peerless’s suggestion surprised Youlan and Overwhelming Smile’s members…

“Am I hearing things? Pantheon’s members are actually suggesting that we cooperate?”

“I have heard that Peerless is a particularly arrogant Elder in Pantheon. Not only does he lack respect for Guild Leaders from first-rate Guilds, but he has also insulted them publicly! I must’ve misheard him!”

A commotion swept over Overwhelming Smile’s members.

Super Guilds were the virtual gaming world’s overlords. Normally, people would do everything they could to gain their favor, yet they rarely expressed goodwill. Suggesting cooperation was even more unlikely.

Peerless and the others had already prepared to fight. However, they had suddenly suggested that the two teams work together. Even if news of this spread, no one would believe it.