Chapter 932 - Advantage Of Tier 1 Players

Chapter 932: Advantage of Tier 1 Players

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

When the team heard that they could enter the Titan Library if they passed the test, elation colored their expressions. The team’s magical classes were particularly eager, their eyes alight as they hungered to enter the library as soon as possible.

“Everyone, rest up. Make sure you are in peak condition before you challenge the test,” Shi Feng instructed his team.

Each person only had one chance to pass the test. If they failed, they would not gain access to the library; they would only find another chance to take the test when they came through the trial again. However, it would be far more difficult to reach the Titan Library next time.

While Shi Feng was confident in leading everyone to Titan City, the same could not be said for the Titan Library.

In the past, many independent players had chosen to take the Library’s test whenever they got their hands on a pass. However, since reaching the Titan Library was more difficult than the direct path to Titan City, very few players had passed the test. Even so, everyone wanted to try.

This was all because players could learn extremely rare Skills in the Titan Library.

These rare Skills could improve a player’s combat power significantly. For example, Shi Feng’s Flame Burst was one such rare Skill. Moreover, these Skills generally did not require Proficiency to level, only EXP. Hence, a player could dump a large sum of EXP into leveling these Skills during a crucial moment with the hope of turning the situation around.

“Your test is simple. Because you are all Tier 1 classes, you just need to kill a Chieftain of the same level within a certain time. If you fail to defeat your opponent within the given time, you fail the test.” After the Titan NPC finished explaining, the spear in his hand trembled.

Suddenly, a golden magic array with a 5-yard-radius appeared a short distance away.

“That is your arena. When you are ready to take the test, simply step into the array,” the Titan NPC said as he pointed at the golden magic array. The NPC then fell silent as he resumed guarding the closed gates.

As the team members listened to the test’s rules, they frowned.

Ordinary experts could not solo a Chieftain of the same level, not to mention doing so within a limited time. Since the system had placed a time-limit on the test, it was obvious that players would not have long.

“Just enter the array when you’re ready,” Shi Feng said. He could not help but laugh and shake his head when he saw everyone’s depressed expressions.

In reality, Tier 1 players had a benefit when they came here. When Tier 2 players took the test, they had to solo a High Lord of the same level; that monster was two ranks higher. Compared to a High Lord, a Chieftain seemed cute.

After saying so, Shi Feng entered the magic array. He then transformed into a streak of golden light and disappeared.

After watching Shi Feng enter the test, the rest of the team stepped into the magic array as well. Even if they were not confident of succeeding, they had to try.

…

After players entered the golden magic array, they were transported to a peculiar space.

When Shi Feng opened his eyes, he discovered that he had teleported to a wide, open prairie with no end in sight. Meanwhile, 200 yards away from him lay a flaming rhinoceros that was over five meters tall.

[Crimson Rhinoceros] (Elemental Being, Chieftain) Level 43 HP 400,000/400,000

The Library’s test monster had far less HP than an ordinary Chieftain. The point of this test was to see if players could face these monsters head-on.

As Shi Feng prepared to approach the rhinoceros, he heard the sound of a system notification.

System: You have 10 minutes to complete the battle. If you cannot finish the battle within the allotted time, you will be automatically transferred out of this instance.

“The system’s giving players ten minutes? It sure is favoring Tier 1 players.” Shi Feng could not help but sigh.

When Tier 2 players challenged the test, they only had 20 minutes. However, their monster was a High Lord.

Wasting no time, Shi Feng walked towards the Crimson Rhinoceros.

When Shi Feng was only 70 yards away from the Crimson Rhinoceros, the Chieftain discovered his presence. Immediately, it snorted scorching flames from its nostrils and stomped the ground angrily. It then charged at Shi Feng. When it moved, it thundered like a speeding truck.

Seeing this, Shi Feng activated Flame Burst. With light steps, he easily evaded the Crimson Rhinoceros’s charge and slashed the Chieftain’s back.

Peng!

The attack sent the rhinoceros flying over a dozen yards. When it slammed into the ground, it released a pained cry. A damage of -28,167 points appeared above its head.

Shi Feng then activated Silent Steps and appeared behind the Crimson Rhinoceros. He brandished his swords at the Chieftain, every slash leaving a deep cut.

Suddenly, Shi Feng’s attack triggered Killing Ray’s Lightning effect. Combined with Flame Burst’s effect, the attack dealt -67,846 damage.

Before Shi Feng had used all of Flame Burst’s attack counts, the Crimson Rhinoceros burst into flames, disappearing from the prairie and leaving behind a black iron token. The token was the required proof he needed to enter the Titan Library.

System: Congratulations! You have killed the Crimson Rhinoceros. Time remaining: 9 minutes 52 seconds

System: You will return in five seconds. Please prepare.

After Shi Feng picked up the token, he quietly waited for his teleportation away from this map.

To him, the library’s test was not a challenge in the least. He had long since surpassed Chieftains of the same level in terms of Strength. Even without any special techniques, he could easily kill an ordinary Chieftain of the same level, not to mention one with weakened HP.

—

In front of the Titan Library, many members were still preparing themselves mentally. When a figure suddenly appeared in the golden array, they turned to look.

“What? Someone has finished already? It’s only been a few seconds.”

“Did the monster kill them?”

Those who hadn’t taken the test yet grew even more nervous.

However, when they Shi Feng emerge, their jaws dropped.

“Isn’t he too fast?!” None of them doubted that Shi Feng had passed the test. If he couldn’t do it, no one could. However, he had cleared the test astonishingly fast.

Not even twenty seconds had passed since he had entered the array.

That was a Chieftain they were talking about! A Party Dungeon’s Boss! This wasn’t some ordinary monster they usually farmed!

“Why haven’t you guys taken the test yet?” Shi Feng glanced over the group before the gates. There were over two dozen players who had yet to take the exam, and they were all Youlan’s subordinates. He then advised them, “Relax. The test isn’t as difficult as you imagine. Although the monster is indeed a Chieftain, its HP has been reduced.”

Youlan’s subordinates were speechless.

Even with reduced HP, a Chieftain was still a Chieftain, yet Shi Feng talked as if it was some random mob that was too easy to slaughter.

Shortly after Shi Feng had returned, Fire Dance stepped out of the magic array as well. Following which, one player after another emerged.

Why are there so many people ahead of me?

When Bloodsucker returned, he saw a large group already standing before the iron gates. Even Violet Cloud was among them. He was confused.

He could accept monster-like damage dealers such as Shi Feng, Fire Dance, and White Night completing the test faster than him. But Violet Cloud was a Cleric. She was a mere healer.