Chapter 936 - Lightning Edge

Chapter 936: Lightning Edge

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Unlike the library’s inner area, which contained many ancient bookshelves lined with books, the central area had various globes of blue water rotating around a three-story-tall water globe.

As soon as Shi Feng set foot into the central area, he felt his consciousness waver.

The constant pricking pain he had felt in the darkness had pushed him to his limits.

The Titan Library really is a special place.

Shi Feng sat down and took several deep breaths.

Although he was very tired, he was ecstatic.

However, his excitement was not due to his success in reaching the central area. Rather, he was thrilled about what he had gained in the darkness.

Never in his dreams had he thought that he would find a Secret Technique hidden in the darkness.

The sword trajectories he had employed to defend the 32 targeted points was profound. It was even more astounding than an advanced combat technique.

Shi Feng had realized how frightening this Secret Technique was as he had continued to improve his swords’ trajectories. If he could grasp this sword trajectory, his swordsmanship might even surpass Sirius’s six-in-one combination attack.

“Not bad, young man. It’s been a long time since someone’s reached this area.” Shortly after Shi Feng had sat to rest, a figure appeared before him, praising Shi Feng.

Looking up, Shi Feng discovered Warren, the library manager who had disappeared.

“Since you’ve passed the test, follow me,” Warren said before turning and walking towards the massive water globe.

Hurriedly, Shi Feng rose from the floor and followed the manager.

Although dodging the needle attacks had taken its toll, he had not yet exceeded his mental endurance. He didn’t need to rest immediately as Bloodsucker had.

After reaching the transparent globe, Warren began to recite an incantation.

The massive globe slowly descended from the air. Despite standing over a dozen yards away, Shi Feng could feel the daunting Mana radiating from the globe. This Mana was far purer than that within the Seven Luminaries Crystal. Furthermore, the Mana that the globe released into the air did not scatter. If the globe exploded, Shi Feng did not doubt that the explosion would obliterate the Titan Library.

“Go on. This is where the most precious Skills the Titan Library has collected over the years have been contained,” Warren urged. “Of course, you may also challenge the library’s core, but be warned; throughout the past several hundred years, only seven have reached the core and left to tell the tale.”

“Lord Warren, I’ve decided to choose a Skill Book here,” Shi Feng declared without hesitation.

He had been lucky to reach the central area.

As for whether that luck would carry him to the core, Shi Feng did not even dare to wonder.

As far as he knew, only five players had entered the Titan Library’s core in the past. Every single one of those players had been a Tier 6 God-ranked expert. With his current strength, his chances were close to, if not, non-existent.

In all honesty, Shi Feng had considered trying. Unfortunately, his time was running out.

On the off chance that he overextended his mental endurance and was forced to log out to rest, he might even drown in his regrets.

“A wise decision.” Warren nodded pleasantly. “The magic barriers inside the Titan Library are the blood and sweat of the ten saints. That is especially the case for the magic barrier that protects the core. Without standing in the same realm as the ten saints, challengers have no chance of success. Had you attempted to challenge the barrier, you would’ve been disqualified.”

“…!” Shi Feng rolled his eyes at the manager. “You’re only telling me that now?”

Following which, Shi Feng disappeared into the massive water globe.

Upon entering the globe, a list of books appeared before Shi Feng. Every Skill Book listed was either a Tier 5 Skill or a Tier 4 Sure-kill Skill; the list contained hundreds of them.

Shi Feng’s eyes drifted to the Tier 4 Sure-kill Skills without even glancing at the Tier 5 Skill Books.

Although Tier 5 Skills were much stronger than Tier 4 Sure-kill Skills, one could only learn the former after reaching Tier 5. To his present self, a Tier 5 Skill Book would be as useless as a very expensive paperweight. It was not nearly as practical as a Tier 4 Sure-kill Skill.

There were a total of 133 Tier 4 Sure-kill Skill Books on the list, and Shi Feng rejoiced at the sight.

If he could learn them all, every Tier 4 player would be no more than a punching bag.

There was a wide variety of Skills to choose from. Some were Single-target Skills like Flame Burst, while others were AOE Skills like Skywheel Sword. There were also Control Skills like Abyssal Bind and Abyssal Curse. There were even extremely precious Berserk Skills and Support Skills. These Skills covered nearly every aspect and were more than enough for players to compensate for their shortcomings.

After much contemplation, Shi Feng decided to search through the AOE Skills.

While Single-target Skills and Berserk Skills could elevate a player’s combat power tremendously, AOE Skills were far more effective in group battles and grinding.

Shi Feng was currently in a rush to reach Level 50. An AOE Skill was, without a doubt, his best choice.

There were a total of five AOE Attack Skills. Some dealt physical damage, while other dealt magical damage. Some even dealt a mix of each.

“Having both would be the best choice.” Shi Feng dismissed the first two varieties.

While the pros of a physical or magical Skill were obvious, the cons were just as clear. If he encountered a monster that countered either type of damage, the Skill would lose its effectiveness. Take Firestorm for example. If he used the Skill against a fire-type monster or an Elemental Being, the Skill wouldn’t help him. Rather than risk such a specialized Skill, it was safer to pick one that dealt both types of damage.

After excluding the specialized Skills, Shi Feng was left with two books.

The first book contained the Skill Divine Punishment. When activated, the Skill dealt a combination of physical and holy damage to monsters in a targeted area. The Skill covered 20 yards in every direction and had a Cooldown of 10 minutes.

The other Skill was Lightning Edge. Upon activation, it would deal a mix of physical and lightning damage to monsters in a cone. The Skill had an initial coverage of 30 yards and a Cooldown of 15 minutes.

Countless players in God’s Domain dreamed of obtaining both Skill Books.

Shi Feng found himself in a bit of a bind.

Holy damage would be twice as effective against Dark Creatures. In addition to his Sacred Sword, he would be a nightmare to Dark Creatures if he chose Divine Punishment. The only downside was the Skill’s limited range.

As for Lightning Edge, it was suitable for kiting monsters.

Noticing that he was running out of time…

After a moment of hesitation, Shi Feng chose Lightning Edge.

He had chosen this to help him level faster.

Following which, Shi Feng clicked to learn Lightning Edge. As soon as he did, a stream of energy emerged from the water around him and surged into his body.

System: Congratulations! You have learned Lightning Edge.

[Lightning Edge] (Action-type) Tier 0, Level 1 (Requires 200,000 EXP to upgrade to Tier 0, Level 2) Channeling time: 0.5 seconds Deals 300% physical and 300% lightning damage in a cone in front of user. Initial coverage range is 30 yards. Duration: 3 seconds Cooldown: 15 minutes

As expected of a Tier 4 Sure-kill Skill. Its starting damage and required EXP are double that of Flame

Burst’s. If it reaches Tier 1, it will likely be even stronger than Firestorm.

Shi Feng was elated when he saw the Skill’s information. He immediately decided to upgrade Lightning Edge’s level.