Chapter 931 - Titan Library

Chapter 931: Titan Library

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

As far as Shi Feng knew, there should have only been one exit leading to the entrance trial’s third stage.

The golden teleportation array that had suddenly appeared was much stronger than the array in the center of the plaza. The Mana density around each teleportation array made that obvious.

With this new development, the team turned to Shi Feng and asked, “Leader, should we go over and take a look?”

Previously, they had watched Peerless’s team use the central teleportation array to leave the plaza. Now that another had appeared, they didn’t know whether or not that teleportation array was a trap; after all, this was their first time here.

Could it be a special reward for the First Kill?

Shi Feng felt that it was highly possible.

When he had killed the King of Corrosion in the past, no such phenomenon had occurred. Of course, when he had killed Sailu Tiban back then, other teams had raided the Grand Lord many times before.

As for the golden teleportation array being a trap, it was unlikely.

After all, revealing a trap after players had defeated the Stage Boss would be too fraudulent. The teleportation array was most likely a reward of some kind.

“Let’s head over to investigate.” In the end, Shi Feng decided to examine it.

Under Shi Feng’s command, the team approached the golden teleportation array. As no monsters dared move near to the array, they had an easy time reaching it.

The instant Shi Feng stepped into the teleportation array, his mind felt clearer than ever before. Moreover, a Brimming with Energy buff had appeared in his status window.

The sound of a system notification suddenly reached his ears.

System: You have discovered the Teleportation Magic Array to Titan Library.

Sure enough, it’s the First Kill reward.

Shi Feng was ecstatic when he heard the system notification.

There were two main benefits to visiting Titan City. The first was that Lifestyle players could use the Titan Workshops to improve their skills. The other was the Titan Library, which all players dreamed of exploring.

Generally, for players seeking the Titan Library, they first needed to reach the third stage and then take the path to the Library. However, while that path would also eventually lead players to Titan City, it was significantly more difficult than the path that led to Titan City directly. Players usually chose the latter option to ensure their Titan City entrance slots. Shi Feng had never imagined that obtaining the King of Corrosion’s First Kill would garner such a benefit as well.

Following which, Shi Feng walked towards the teleportation array’s center and activated it.

Everyone instantly transformed into streaks of golden light and vanished. After the team disappeared, the golden teleportation array faded as well, silence returning to the spacious plaza.

—

The entrance trial’s third stage consisted of narrow pathways. Barely three people could walk, side by side, down the pathways. Meanwhile, bottomless pits lined each pathway on either side. If a player fell off the pathway, it wouldn’t even be possible to revive them. They would be instantly disqualified from the entrance trial.

Aside from this dangerous pathway, there were large groups of bat monsters flying through the air that frequently screeched soundwave attacks. If players were not careful and failed to avoid these attacks, they may plunge to their deaths.

When Peerless’s team arrived here, they were immediately thrown into a bitter battle.

The weakest bat monsters here were Special Elites, with many being Chieftains. There were even Level 45 Lord ranked Bat Kings. When these bats caught players, they immediately threw them into the abyss. These bat monsters were far more difficult to deal with than the Corrosive Beasts. The fact that players would be disqualified if they fell off the pathway was particularly harsh.

“Use the Sound Bombs!” Peerless shouted when he saw bat monsters gather around them.

Against ordinary monsters, the Sound Bombs weren’t particularly effective. The bombs only made some noise to disturb monsters. However, against the bat monsters, the bombs’ effect was massive. A single explosion would scare away these monsters, preventing them from approaching for a short time.

Peerless had specifically prepared this item to deal with the bat monsters.

During his second trial attempt, his team had been utterly helpless against the bat monsters. From time to time, the Bat Kings would fly past, grabbing and tossing their team members into the abyss. Before they had even reached the halfway point, the entire team had fallen to their deaths.

Under Peerless’s command, the team members took out their Sound Bombs and threw them at the clumped bat monsters. The explosions scared the incoming bats away.

“Move faster! Use the Sound Bombs sparingly!” Peerless shouted hurriedly.

Although the Sound Bombs were impressively effective, they were extremely rare. Even utilizing their Guild’s strength, they had only managed to procure a small stock. If they did not conserve their bombs, they wouldn’t make it through this tortuous abyss.

—

Meanwhile, on the other path leading to Titan City, Shi Feng and the others suddenly appeared before an ancient, towering fortress.

The ancient fortress loomed over a thousand meters high. The building itself looked like a mountain. Level 200 NPC guards stood before the fortress’s iron gates.

These two NPCs were over ten meters tall. When these NPCs saw Shi Feng and the others, they blocked the gates with their spears.

“This is the Great Titan Library! Outsiders are not allowed to enter!” one of the NPC guards coldly informed the players as he swept a glance over Shi Feng and the others. “If you wish to enter, you need to pass our test.”

The team members were shocked when they saw the Titan Library.

It was, by far, the largest library they had ever seen in God’s Domain.

Players were not strangers to God’s Domain’s libraries. It was especially true for magical class players. All magical class players who wanted to practice and improve their spellcasting techniques or learn new Spells generally did so in a library.

However, gaining entrance into NPC cities’ libraries was a difficult feat. One typically needed to be a noble or a friend of the city’s NPC nobles to gain access.

Aside from allowing players to learn Spells, libraries’ greatest purpose was information gathering.

In truth, players could find information on many quests in God’s Domain in libraries. For example, the information Youlan had regarding the Holy City of Titan was available in libraries in NPC cities.

However, the libraries in God’s Domain varied in size. Each library also contained different information. Hence, the various large Guilds usually created their own intelligence departments specifically to gather information from various libraries and compile their own information databases. This made it easier for their Guild members to find information on their quests.

As for Shi Feng, who had the Demon Hunter title, he was considered a World Noble in God’s Domain. Hence, utilizing his privilege as a World Noble, he had led Zero Wing’s members into God’s Domain’s various libraries. Unfortunately, the Demon Hunter title only gave him access to libraries in ordinary NPC cities; it did not give him access to kingdoms and imperial capitals’ libraries. Players had to rely on their own capabilities to gain entrance.

Even so, the information Zero Wing had collected was even more comprehensive than first-rate Guilds’.

“We will accept the test,” Shi Feng announced as he stepped forward.

“Very well. You only have one chance. If you pass the test, you may learn from our library.”