Chapter 948 - Rapid Development

Chapter 948: Rapid Development

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Updated by BOXNOVEL.COM

Due to the presence of the Teleportation Shop, a large number of players had gathered at White River City. In less than a day, White River City’s player population skyrocketed past Star-Moon City’s, becoming the most populous city in Star-Moon Kingdom.

As soon as Shi Feng returned to Zero Wing’s Residence, he received the statistics reports made by the Guild members.

These statistics drew on the latest information gathered from White River City’s City Hall.

Just recently, White River City’s player population broke past six million. A large majority of the capital cities of the kingdoms in God’s Domain did not even possess such a large population. In reality, though, most of these newcomers had migrated from various cities in Star-Moon Kingdom.

Meanwhile, as a byproduct of the flood of players, the Candlelight Trading Firm’s business flourished. Even the quality of the players Zero Wing recruited continued to rise.

Originally, the Guild had lowered its recruitment criteria significantly in consideration of its expansion plans towards the Black Dragon Empire and the Twin Towers Kingdom. However, with the player population of White River City skyrocketing, Zero Wing had no choice but to gradually raise its recruitment criteria again.

Even so, Zero Wing still managed to recruit over 10,000 players in less than a day.

Such a number might not be a lot to large Guilds, but Zero Wing walked the path of the elite. The overall strength of these 10,000 new recruits could easily surpass the 50,000 new recruits of other Guilds.

Due to this sudden increase in members, Aqua Rose was swamped with work as soon as she returned to the Residence. She needed to arrange these newcomers right away into parties and teams as well as assign them Dungeons to raid. Unlike independent players, Guild players could not raid Dungeons as they wished. Their team members would also change frequently.

Generally, Zero Wing’s Guild teams consisted of a mix of veterans and new members. Such a combination allowed newcomers to get their equipment up to standards and integrate themselves into the Guild quickly. Having veteran members guiding newcomers also gave Aqua Rose a better grasp of the strengths and weaknesses of these newcomers. After gaining a sufficient understanding, she would then have to assign them to more appropriate teams.

“Guild Leader, at our current recruitment rate, if we don’t move some members to other cities soon, our Guild members’ levels will lag behind other first-rate Guilds’ before long.” Aqua Rose had a huge headache when she looked at the report in her hands.

Due to the Abyss Invasion, abyssal monsters now occupied many high-resource areas in Star-Moon Kingdom. This situation had severely affected the leveling speed of Zero Wing’s Guild members. The recruitment of so many players meant that leveling speed would become even slower.

“I understand. Start making the necessary arrangements to send 50,000 members to develop at the Black Dragon Empire’s Lake Heart City. During this period, I’ll try to have the Guild Residence at Lake Heart City constructed as quickly as possible. Once it’s ready, they can use the Guild Transfer Scroll to teleport there directly.” Shi Feng also understood Zero Wing’s current predicament.

However, he also did not have a better solution.

This was the problem with an upstart Guild without any foundations. It was especially so for a Guild that had developed as rapidly as Zero Wing had.

Unlike other Guilds that had already existed for several or even dozens of years, Zero Wing did not possess the luxury of starting its development in multiple cities. These long-established Guilds could simply split a large and unexpected influx of new members among the various cities under their influence.

Upon hearing Shi Feng’s decision, Aqua Rose immediately started making the necessary preparations. It was going to be a huge job to decide which teams they would send over to the new Branch Guild.

Seeing how busy Aqua Rose was, Shi Feng suddenly felt a little embarrassed.

Although Zero Wing was gradually moving towards the top of God’s Domain, management of the entire Guild depended mainly on Aqua Rose alone. Moreover, management of the Guild involved the core secrets of the Guild. He could not assign the job to some random person he did not trust. Although he wanted to help out, he was already bogged down with his own matters.

Meanwhile, Fire Dance needed to manage the Guild’s main force, while Blackie had to deal with the matters of the Workshop. Suddenly, Shi Feng discovered that he had nobody he could put to use.

At this moment, the various flaws of an upstart Guild were quickly coming to light.

“It seems that I’ll need to find some trustworthy managers.” Shi Feng had already considered this matter before. Although he had thought of having some of the core members manage the Guild, none of them were particularly suited for the role. Moreover, all of them were busy improving themselves. After all, Zero Wing’s internal competition was extremely intense. If one wanted to receive better treatment, they needed to earn it with their own strength.

Anyhow, he had already set his sights on a suitable candidate.

Liang Jing!

During this period, he had occasionally let Liang Jing handle some matters relating to Zero Wing’s Workshop, and she always dealt with them excellently. She was much more amazing than even Shi Feng himself, someone who had served as the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild for many years. Not only was she knowledgeable, but she was also very efficient. Blackie would even often seek guidance from her on various problems.

If he could have Liang Jing manage the Guild, she would lighten Aqua Rose’s burden as well. At the very least, Aqua Rose would not try to run away as soon as she saw him the way she did right now.

However, there was one problem with having Liang Jing manage Zero Wing.

Liang Jing was an employee of the Big Dipper Training Center.

The Guild’s manager needed to be someone from Zero Wing.

“It seems I’ll need to find time to have a chat with Liang Jing.” When Shi Feng considered the Guild’s present situation as well as the problems that would crop up in the future, he felt an even greater need to poach Liang Jing.

While experts were necessary for a Guild to develop, managers were similarly important. Otherwise, it would simply be impossible to operate a Guild with so many members.

In truth, aside from Liang Jing, he had another candidate in mind.

White Night!

White Night was strong not only in combat but also leadership capability, if not stronger.

When they were fighting against the Demonic Ape King, he had led the members of the team as if they were his own arms and legs. Even Shi Feng had no choice but to admit defeat against him in that regard.

In the past, under White Night’s management, Owl had gradually grown into one of the top adventurer teams in God’s Domain, an existence on par with the Midnight Tea Party. One could see just how capable White Night was from this feat.

If Shi Feng could recruit White Night into Zero Wing, Zero Wing would definitely rise by another level.

However, Shi Feng could only take it slowly regarding White Night’s matter. In the past, White Night had rejected even the offers of Super Guilds without hesitation; Zero Wing would not fare any better at the moment.

After Shi Feng finished dealing with the various Guild affairs, he hurried to the reception room of the Residence.

“Sorry for the wait,” Shi Feng apologized when he saw Bloodsucker, who had been waiting for him for quite some time now.

“It’s fine. I’ve also just received instructions from our Guild Leader,” Bloodsucker said. “May I know if Elder Ye Feng has some time to spare right now?”

“Time?” Shi Feng stared at him, somewhat confused by this question.

Before giving a reply, Bloodsucker took in a deep breath. In a very serious tone, he then said, “Our Guild Leader wishes to have a personal chat with you and hopes that you can come meet him.”

After reporting Zero Wing’s information back to the Guild, he had been shocked to hear that Raven’s Guild Leader wanted to meet with Shi Feng.

Kirin had also been surprised by this news. Less than ten people in the entire Raven Guild had ever seen the Guild Leader’s appearance before. Even Kirin himself had never personally met the Guild Leader, his conversations with the man limited to voice calls. However, just the means displayed by the Guild Leader so far had already inspired a worshipful mentality towards him in everyone in the Guild. Hence, Kirin found it truly inconceivable that their Guild Leader was actually willing to meet personally with Shi Feng.