Chapter 941 - Complete State

Chapter 941 – Complete State

Suddenly, the Three-deaded Demonic Ape King roared and stomped the ground violently.

Boom!

The ground shattered instantly, a shockwave spreading from the Grand Lord. Cola currently had less than 20,000 HP. Not wanting to risk his life, he activated Protection Blessing to reduce the AOE Skill’s damage. Even so, he still received close to -8,000 damage from the attack. Other players who stood within 60 yards of the three Bosses also received varying damages, with the farthest players receiving the least amount of damage. Even so, the team’s ranged players still received nearly -6,000 damage each…

Immediately after using the Skill, the Ape King slapped at Cola. The Guardian Knight hurriedly raised his shield to block the attack; the impact forced him back three steps before he stabilized himself, his HP dropped by almost another 5,000 points.

In the blink of an eye, Cola had less than 5,000 HP remaining. If not for Protection Blessing, he would’ve died already.

However, after the Ape King’s attack, several heals blanketed Cola, one after another, raising his HP to just over 20,000.

Meanwhile, Fire Dance had already circled to the Grand Lord’s back. She then thrust Thousand Transformations into the dirt. Suddenly, water began to spew from the ground.

“Go!” Fire Dance smoothly swung Thousand Transformations at the Demonic Ape King.

Water Binding!

The water that had pooled around the Ape King’s feet transformed into a rope, binding the Grand Lord’s limbs and body tightly. No matter how many times the Ape King broke the water rope, the latter always reformed around the Grand Lord’s body, slowing the Boss so much that it couldn’t hit Cola properly.

Even when the Ape King’s attacks struck Cola, it only dealt around 70% of its normal damage due to the watery restrictions. The Ape King was no longer a threat to Cola.

“What a powerful Skill! It can even affect a Great Lord!” Everyone was stunned when they saw the Demonic Ape King’s combat power decrease significantly.

While everyone was still dazed, Fire Dance executed an even more surprising move.

As Fire Dance swung her short sword through the air, a water whip emerged from the ground and lashed at the Ape King’s fist.

Boom!

Although the whip shattered upon impact, The Ape King’s attack had also stopped.

Following which, Fire Dance swung again, summoning another water whip that lashed at the Ape King’s back. A damage of over -10,000 points immediately appeared above the Grand Lord’s head, stupefying her teammates.

“What Skill is that?” Youlan’s mouth twitched involuntarily as she watched Fire Dance’s attacks.

Fire Dance stood still as she swung her two blades, yet she had restrained the Demonic Ape King without help.

Oddly enough, no one on the battlefield was more surprised than Fire Dance.

She had never imagined that the Skill she had learned in the Titan Library would be this powerful. She had only upgraded Water Binding to Tier 1, Level 1, yet the Skill could already partially subdue a Grand Lord. If the Skill were upgraded to Tier 2, it could suppress a Grand Lord completely.

“Good. Everyone, focus your full power on the Ape King!” Shi Feng excitedly ordered after watching Fire Dance’s performance with her new Skill.

In God’s Domain, Skills generally fell into three categories: Attack Skills, Healing Skills, and Control Skills. However, there were also Domain Skills. However, this type of Skill was extremely rare, and players usually only discovered them after reaching Tier 4.

This was also one of the reasons that there was such a huge strength gap between Tier 3 and Tier 4 classes.

However, the Domain Skill Fire Dance had learned also had a glaring flaw–the Skill’s user could not move while using Skill. Moreover, the Skill’s duration wasn’t very long. Based on Shi Feng’s guess, it would be a miracle if the Skill lasted ten minutes. Hence, they needed to deplete the Ape King’s HP while Fire Dance was engaged with her Skill.

With Fire Dance’s assistance, fighting the Demonic Ape King became much easier.

The Ape King’s Defense could not compare to the King of Corrosion’s. It was also a Dark Creature. As a result, even without activating a Berserk Skill, Shi Feng’s attacks easily dealt around 20,000 to 30,000 damage.

When Fire Dance’s Water Binding ended, the Demonic Ape King only had 50% of its HP remaining.

As the Grand Lord’s HP had dropped to 50%, Shi Feng commanded, “All DPS, distance yourselves from the Ape King and attack the other Two-headed Apes! Healers, focus on your Mana! Use a potion as soon as the Cooldown is over! Don’t try to conserve them!”

When the Demonic Ape King’s HP fell to 50%, it would target a random player, executing Charge and forcing the player into a Fainted state before launching a barrage of rapid attacks. The Grand Lord’s Charge was far more powerful than a Berserker’s, and even an MT with an active Lifesaving Skill had little hope of survival against such a vicious assault.

Unless the targeted player had a Skill such as the Elementalist’s Ice Barrier that could grant them a long period of damage immunity or they managed to dodge the Ape King before it reached them, only death awaited the Grand Lord’s victim.

However, if players dealt with the Two-headed Demonic Apes first, when the two Great Lords’ HPs fell below the 70% threshold while the Grand Lord’s HP was above that, the Great Lords would enter a Berserk state, their damage and Attack Speed increasing by 30%.

Hence, for safety’s sake, after reducing the Ape King’s HP to nearly 50%, he shifted the team’s attention towards the Two-headed Apes. Once the two Great Lords were almost dead, they would then return to deal with the Grand Lord. However, to achieve all of this, the team’s positioning and coordination needed to be precise. Moreover, as this would be a long battle, the healer’s Mana usage would be put to the test.

As for the Three-headed Demonic Ape King’s situation, Shi Feng had four other Guardian Knights support Cola.

At Tier 1, Level 1, Protection Blessing had a Cooldown of 3 minutes, 30 seconds. At higher levels, that Cooldown would drop. As every member of the team was an expert, their Skill levels were very high. Including Cola, all five of the team’s Guardian Knight had roughly a three-minute Cooldown on their Protection Blessings.

When Cola had taken on the Demonic Ape King, Shi Feng had used Life Bloom on the Guardian Knight. Life Bloom had a duration of 40 seconds and a Cooldown of 1 minute, 30 seconds. After including the healing from three healers, Cola had been practically invincible during Life Bloom’s duration.

Once Life Bloom’s Cooldown ended, the other four Guardian Knights would take turns casting Protection Blessing on Cola. Protection Blessing had a duration of 20 seconds, so Cola only needed three to tide him over until Life Bloom was ready once more. With Protection Blessing, even without Shi Feng’s Life Bloom, Cola would not die. If necessary, Shi Feng was also prepared to activate a Lifesaving Skill to help Cola survive the Ape King’s attacks, reducing the pressure on the Guardian Knight. With this, they formed a solid defensive cycle.

Time passed quickly. The Three-headed Demonic Ape King had been pinned down during the entire battle. As for the two Level 45 Great Lords, they weren’t a challenge for Shi Feng’s team in the least. Very quickly, the two Great Lords’ HPs had dropped below the 5% threshold. Shi Feng then delegated one party to pin the Great Lords while everyone else attacked the Ape King.

When the Demonic Ape King’s HP fell below 50%, it finally activated its Charge.

Despite Shi Feng’s warning, the Ape King was simply too fast. In the end, the Ape King’s targeted Assassin had died instantly. During its Charge, the Ape King also collided into three others, two of which died and one had been gravely injured. Unfortunately, the injured player was a Shield Warrior…

Chills ran down the players’ spines as they received a blow to their morale.

As the Ape King’s HP gradually decreased, the team lost members.

By the time the Ape King had 10% HP remaining, only 64 team members were standing. Fortunately, the survivors familiarize themselves with the Ape King’s Charge, decreasing the number of fatalities with each subsequent Charge.

“Roar!”

As these players wondered if victory were within sight, the Demonic Ape King hammered on its chest as its entire body turned red; it was entering its Berserk state. Its fist then slammed into Cola’s Shield, instantly burying Cola up to his waist in the ground.

Even with Protection Blessing, Cola still received close to -9,000 damage. As a Healing Beam struck Cola from one side, the Ape King’s next punch struck from the other. This time, the rest of Cola’s body sunk into the ground, his HP instantly falling below 50%.

As everyone thought that the Ape King would punch Cola again, the Grand Lord swung its arms at the nearby players. Immediately, several players transformed into streaks of white light and disappeared…

The Ape King’s Strength left the players dumbfounded.

“The Boss doesn’t have a lot of HP left! Give it everything you’ve got! Blackie, cast Guardian of Light on Cola!” Shi Feng hurriedly shouted.

After saying so, Shi Feng activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power and Thunder God’s Descent before attacking the Ape King with everything he had. Fire Dance also used Illusory Power.

At this moment, the team went into a frenzy as they desperately fought to kill the Demonic Ape King.

Many also began to hurl powerful Magic Scrolls at the Grand Lord.

7%…

5%…

3%…

As the Ape King’s HP decreased, the team dwindled. Very quickly, only 40 or so players remained standing. When the Grand Lord’s HP fell below 1%, the team finished off the two Great Lords. However, even with less than 300,000 HP, the Demonic Ape King’s might rained despair over the team.

Even with Dragonscale Body activated, the Ape King still killed Cola.

“Kill it!” Shi Feng used Flame Burst. However, in its complete state, the Demonic Ape King’s Defense was too high. Both Shi Feng and his doppelganger had only managed to deal a total of 120,000 damage.

When the Ape King only had 100,000 HP remaining, there were less than 20 survivors. However, the most their attacks dealt was around -1,000 damage, with a majority of them only dealing hundreds of damage.

The Ape King’s last 100,000 HP felt like an insurmountable wall.

When the Grand Lord only had 50,000 HP, only ten players were still alive. Even White Night was beginning to lose hope.

Suddenly, the Ape King’s gaze fell onto Shi Feng. Without hesitation, Shi Feng activated the Aura of Earth’s Activatable Skill, Absolute Defense.

The Ape King’s sudden punch sent Shi Feng flying over 30 yards away. Even Shi Feng shuddered when he felt the Grand Lord’s tremendous Strength. Fortunately, the Ape King could not penetrate Absolute Defense.

Seeing Shi Feng survive its attack, the Ape King grew furious. It charged at Shi Feng before whaling on the Swordsman.

However, throughout Absolute Defense’s five-second duration, the Ape King could do nothing to Shi Feng. All its rage-fueled attack did was buy more time for the team’s other survivors.

Suddenly, Shi Feng retrieved a pitch-black Magic Scroll from his bag. Sensing the horrific Mana radiating from the ancient scroll, the Ape King shrunk back in fear, panic shining in its eyes.

It seems that I will have to use this after all.

Reluctance flashed in Shi Feng’s eyes as he looked at the black scroll.

He had obtained this from the Epic Treasure Chest he got from Phoenix Rain. He had spent a lot of Mana Stones to open that Epic Chest, yet it had only contained two items. Among them, one had been the black scroll in his hands.