Chapter 942 - Beastmaster'S Compendium

Chapter 942 – Beastmaster’s Compendium

The remaining team members noticed the scroll the moment Shi Feng took it from his bag.

“What’s that?”

“Why is it radiating so much Mana?!”

The instant the black scroll appeared, it released a daunting pressure. The flow of Mana around them froze under this pressure.

If it could display such power before its activation, it was hard to imagine just what kind of Magic Scroll it was.

Even Youlan, Bloodsucker, and White Night, people who knew a lot about God’s Domain, had never seen anything like this.

In the end, we still have to use it?

Aqua Rose sighed, clearly reluctant when she saw the scroll.

In Zero Wing, only she and Shi Feng knew what items he had obtained from the Epic Treasure Chest.

In God’s Domain, even Fine-Gold Treasure Chests were extremely rare. Generally, they were only found in special, hidden locations. As for Dark-Gold Treasure Chests, it was unlikely for a player to stumble across one even in the most resource-rich hidden locations or ruins.

Hence, one could just imagine how precious an Epic Treasure Chest was.

A Magic Scroll from an Epic Treasure Chest would be just as extraordinary.

Currently, the strongest known Magic Scrolls in God’s Domain were Tier 3 Magic Scrolls. However, the scroll in Shi Feng’s hands was a Tier 4 Magic Scroll.

However, this scroll was not why Shi Feng kept his the Epic Treasure Chest and the items he had obtained from it a secret. Rather, he had done so due to the other item the Treasure Chest had given him.

The Beastmaster’s Compendium!

Although it was an ordinary parchment book, every Guild dreamed of having their own.

As Guild players reached higher levels, their need for Mounts would also increase by the day. Hence, the Guild Mounts’ importance was self-evident. However, nurturing Guild Mounts was more important.

Common Mounts could not satisfy the members of the various large Guilds, yet upgrading a Common Guild Mount was far from easy. Even if the base Mount were a 5-star Mount, players only had a 70% chance of upgrading it from Common to Bronze rank, a 30% chance to upgrade it to Mysterious-Iron rank, and a 3% chance to upgrade it to Secret-Silver rank.

If the Mount a Guild captured was a 3-star Mount or below, its upgrade chances were even lower.

However, with the Beastmaster’s Compendium, Guilds could craft medicine that increased the promotion success rates. Moreover, the boost was quite high. Even a Basic Beastmaster’s Potion could increase the success rate of upgrading a Mount to Bronze rank by 10%, Mysterious-Iron rank by 5%, and Secret-Silver rank by 1%.

If others knew that Zero Wing possessed the Beastmaster’s Compendium, every Guild in God’s Domain would target them. Furthermore, to produce the Basic Beastmaster’s Potion, one needed to become a Master Alchemist at the very least. Hence, they needed to keep the compendium a secret.

When Aqua Rose had seen the Beastmaster’s Compendium, she had been utterly stupefied. If Phoenix Rain had known that the Epic Treasure Chest she had given away had not contained Epic Weapons or Equipment, but the Beastmaster’s Compendium instead, she would have even been content to wait six months before she could open it.

…

After a pause, the Demonic Ape King started to hammer its fists at Shi Feng in fear, the powerful impacts forming large crater that was eight meters deep and forty meters across. Because of this, the team’s survivors were forced to attack the Grand Lord from a distance.

“It’s no wonder why so many teams called it Hell’s Gatekeeper. With this horrific Strength, even a team of Tier 2 players wouldn’t defeat it,” Shi Feng muttered to himself, smiling bitterly.

However, no matter how hard the Ape King struggled, it was for naught. Shi Feng only needed one second to activate the Tier 4 Magic Scroll, and Absolute Defense would last for another two seconds. The Ape King could not stop Shi Feng.

Shi Feng unfurled the scroll and began to chant the recorded incantation.

Immediately, everything within 300 yards of Shi Feng froze. Aqua Rose and the others, who stood some distance away, couldn’t move at all; only the Demonic Ape King could move. However, the instant the Grand Lord saw Shi Feng unfurl the Magic Scroll, it turned and fled.

Youlan and her companions were flabbergasted.

A powerful monster like the Demonic Ape King was actually running away from a Magic Scroll. No one would ever believe this…

“You want to escape?” Shi Feng chuckled at the Demonic Ape King, who was already 30 yards away from him. “Can you get away, though?”

With Shi Feng at the Spell’s epicenter, black fog rose from the ground across 300 yards in every direction. The fog then flowed into every body in the area.

As Aqua Rose and the others were allies, they did not feel affected by the black fog. However, as if it had been submerged in a muddy swamp, the fleeing Ape King slowed rapidly until it eventually stopped. No matter how hard it struggled, it could not move an inch. In the next moment, the black fog formed ropes that bound the Grand Lord’s limbs and body.

“Isn’t this the Domain Skill that I used earlier?” When Fire Dance saw the familiar ropes, her Water Binding Skill came to mind. Only, Water Binding was significantly weaker than this black fog. Moreover, Shi Feng could move the black fog as he wished.

The Tier 4 Domain Skill Dark Madness is superb!

Shi Feng controlled the black fog as if it were an extension of himself.

In the past, one such Tier 4 Domain Skill had been precisely the reason he had been forced to let a Tier 4 NPC rob him.

Of course, not every Tier 4 class had a Domain Skill. However, any player, NPC, or monster that managed to grasp one would undoubtedly stand at the peak among Tier 4 classes.

Let’s test out its power.

After activating Divine Providence, Shi Feng waved his hand at the Demonic Ape King.

Suddenly, four black whips appeared around the Demonic Ape King. The whips then proceeded to batter the Ape King.

The restrained Grand Lord couldn’t defend itself against these whips at all. When the first whip struck the Ape King’s tough hide, the Grand Lord’s skin spit, revealing flesh. The Ape King cried in agony as a damage of over -30,000 appeared above its head. Before the third whip landed, the Demonic Ape King’s HP dropped to zero, its body falling lifelessly to the ground.

“So strong!”

“That Skill is terrifying!”

Youlan and the others gaped at the fallen Ape King. Even Bloodsucker and White Night, who had fought through many large battles, were shocked.

Their attacks had only dealt around -1,000 damage. Moreover, that was the damage of a critical hit. However, one black fog whip had dealt over -30,000 damage with a single strike…

After the Demonic Ape King died, the survivors’ Levels soared. Shi Feng and his companions rose to Level 44 on the spot, with some even closing in on Level 45.

The Demonic Ape King had provided far more EXP than the King of Corrosion.

However, the remaining team members were far more interested in the Demonic Ape King’s loot.

Despite Shi Feng’s Divine Providence, the Demonic Ape King had dropped fewer items than the King of Corrosion. In total, the Grand Lord had only dropped five items and some Gold Coins.