Chapter 947 - Mysterious Shop

Chapter 947 – Mysterious Shop

The moment Shi Feng left the Teleportation Hall, he saw dozens of 100-man teams rushing towards the Slums. A few among them immediately attracted the attention of the surrounding players.

The reason for such attention was these teams’ all-female composition; there was not a single man among them. Such situations seldom occurred in the virtual gaming world. Moreover, the woman leading these teams was also extraordinary.

The woman was dressed in a set of crimson mage robes that gave off a faint impression of scorching flames. In her hand, she held a silvery-white crystal staff that constantly drew the ambient Mana, causing illusions to appear around it. She was even Level 40, a level which could rank her at the very top even in empires.

However, compared to her dazzling equipment and level, her appearance and bearing held an even greater attraction for the surrounding players. She carried herself as if she was the empress of this space; one could not help but want to submit oneself to her rule.

“Huh? Doesn’t that Guild Emblem belong to the Hundred Flowers Palace of the Dark Night Empire?”

“Lucky! I actually got to see the Frostflame Goddess Cleansed Rue! This trip to White River City was definitely worth the money!”

When the male players on the street saw Cleansed Rue, they all fell into a reverie.

The title of Frostflame Goddess was not one that Cleansed Rue had long possessed. Cleansed Rue herself was a female player who had become famous in God’s Domain just recently. However, due to her superb combat power and beautiful appearance, many male players treated her as a Goddess.

The reason why Cleansed Rue was known as the Frostflame Goddess was her extreme skill in fire and ice Spells, which she had used to defeat over a dozen well-known experts in the virtual gaming world. Recently, she had even triumphed over the Guild Leader of a first-rate Guild, her victory instantly solidifying her Guild’s rule over Silver Pine City, the seventh most populous city in the Dark Night Empire.

After that famous battle, she received the rank of 173rd in the latest update of the God’s Domain Experts List.

Meanwhile, aside from the Hundred Flowers Palace, Shi Feng also spotted many teams belonging to other first-rate Guilds. With just a single glance, he already noted four first-rate Guilds—an impossible sight even in Star-Moon City.

“Guild Leader, I’ll carry out an investigation right away,” Aqua Rose hurriedly whispered to Shi Feng. She, too, found this situation perplexing. She was prepared to head to the Slums personally to find out just what was capable of attracting the interest of so many large Guilds.

“No need,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head.

“But…there are so many Guilds coming here.” Aqua Rose was somewhat surprised that Shi Feng would actually have so little interest in such a huge incident.

“All of this is part of my plan. Zero Wing’s members just need to watch from the sidelines,” Shi Feng explained secretly. “Don’t let others know of this matter.”

Before he headed to Titan City, he had sent Melancholic Smile to purchase some Lands in the Slums on the sly. The Guilds and players in White River City paid practically no attention to the city’s Slums, and nearly all of the Lands there were still ownerless. Hence, these Lands were very cheap and easy to purchase.

After purchasing the Lands, he had constructed a Shop there. He then had Melancholic Smile set up the Teleportation Magic Array inside the Shop; the location tied to the magic array was the teleportation point he had previously set up at the Twin Towers Kingdom. After that was done, he had hired a group of high-intelligence NPCs to manage the Shop as well as ordered them to keep any information regarding the Shop an absolute secret. To outsiders, all information regarding the Shop would only appear as “Unknown,” preventing players from finding out if an NPC or a player owned the Shop.

Afterwards, he had Melancholic Smile spread rumors of a Shop that had appeared in the Slums of White River City—a Shop with a teleportation array that could send players directly to the Twin Towers Kingdom where players could freely kill low-level abyssal monsters to earn Honor Points. After that was done, he just needed to wait patiently for things to develop on their own.

The Ancient Abyssal Book was simply too dangerous. He absolutely could not allow others to find out he possessed the book.

It would be very easy for others to make a connection between the teleportation array and the Ancient Abyssal Book. Although not many should know about the secret of the Abyssal Book at the moment, Shi Feng did not wish to take any risks. Keeping his identity hidden while earning money through the collection of teleportation fees would be much safer.

As an extra precaution, he didn’t set up a Teleportation Shop in just White River City. Cities in the Black Dragon Empire and the Purple Thorns Kingdom also had them. All countries affected by the Abyss Invasion had such Shops set up in them, only the teleportation fees charged in these two countries were much higher than White River City’s. As a result, ordinary players who could not afford frequent teleportations would choose to come to White River City, instead.

However, Shi Feng never expected that, in less than a day’s time, so many people would’ve already come to White River City. Moreover, everyone was highly interested in killing the abyssal monsters in the Twin Towers Kingdom.

Aqua Rose was briefly stunned when she heard Shi Feng’s explanation. She was very curious about what method Shi Feng had used to attract so many players and Guilds.

Although she did not investigate, she still managed to catch the gist of the situation from conversations of players on the streets.

This sudden development greatly tempted the members of Shi Feng’s team.

Currently, if one were to point out what the players of God’s Domain were most interested in, the first would have to be Mounts, while coming in second would be the new class.

Although the official game developers had only given a brief introduction of the new class, the strength of this new class was simply unbelievable. It was definitely the top pick for players who loved both melee and ranged battles.

Growing impatient, White Night and his group said their goodbyes to Shi Feng and directly rushed towards the Slums.

However, before White Night left, he also sent Shi Feng a friend request. Through this trip to Titan City, Owl’s relationship with Zero Wing had deepened further.

After White Night’s group left, Bloodsucker’s group also grew hesitant.

Originally, they had planned to awe Zero Wing with their ability, making Zero Wing aware of the Raven Guild’s power, so that they could negotiate from a stronger position later on. However, after seeing Zero Wing’s performance today…

Bloodsucker’s confidence was severely shaken.

It would’ve been fine if their party was inferior to Shi Feng alone, yet the ones that surpassed them in damage-dealing were not just two or three people. After such an unsightly performance, Bloodsucker would find it very difficult to negotiate for a higher price. However, he was also somewhat reluctant to settle for just 20%. If he returned to the Guild with such a poor result, the upper echelon would no doubt hold him accountable for it.

Had he known that Zero Wing’s main force was actually this strong, he never would’ve chosen to have his party perform alongside Zero Wing’s main force.

After arriving at the reception room of Zero Wing’s Residence, the Assassin Kirin could not help but look at Bloodsucker and ask, “Boss Blood, what should we do now?”

As a member of Raven, he always held the Guild in high esteem. He looked down on even Super Guilds. However, after witnessing Shi Feng’s horrific strength, for the first time ever, he felt an overwhelming sense of defeat.

Before, they had confidently declared their strength to Shi Feng. Now, however, they were nothing more than jokes.

“I don’t have any ideas, either. Let’s just contact the Guild Leader for now,” Bloodsucker replied, shaking his head. If possible, he really wished he could stop his past self from speaking so boldly. At the very least, he wouldn’t be at a complete loss for words right now.