Chapter 943 - Holy Weapon

Chapter 943 – Holy Weapon

After the Demonic Ape King died, the sound of a system notification entered the ears of the survivors simultaneously.

System: Congratulations! You have obtained the First Kill of the Three-headed Demonic Ape King. Rewarding “Trial’s Hero” title.

This is the reward for getting the Demonic Ape King’s First Kill?

This was the first time Shi Feng heard of the title. He then clicked to check its information.

[Trial’s Hero] (Title)

When title is in use, Reputation with the Holy City of Titan increased by 10%. Movement Speed and all Basic Attributes increased by 20% while within the area of Titan City.

A pity.

Shi Feng could not help but sigh as he swept a glance at the nine remaining players on the team. Including himself, only four of the survivors were Zero Wing members.

The third stage of the entrance trial was different from the previous two. The system directly disqualified any players killed here and sent them out of the trial. Hence, only the survivors received this title.

Moreover, this was the reward for getting the First Kill of the Demonic Ape King. In the future, others wouldn’t be able to obtain this title even if they killed the Grand Lord.

With this title, they would have a much easier time should they attempt the entrance trial again in the future.

A 20% increase in Attributes was already equivalent to a mini Berserk Skill. Excluding the effects of Skills and equipment, even MTs like Ye Wumian and Turtledove could surpass Cola if they received such a huge boost.

Unfortunately, only Fire Dance, Aqua Rose, and Violet Cloud had managed to reach this point. There were no MTs among the survivors of Zero Wing.

Even so, this was still a good outcome. The Trial’s Hero title increased its user’s Reputation by 10%.

In Titan City, there was nothing that could be better than this reward.

Following which, Shi Feng shifted his attention to the loot dropped by the Demonic Ape King.

As he appraised the items dropped one after another, he could not help but sigh repeatedly.

“Leader, how is it?” Aqua Rose could not help but ask curiously.

The Demonic Ape King in its complete state was definitely the most horrific Boss she had ever gone up against. Even the King of Corrosion they faced before was no comparison to it. If not for Shi Feng using the Tier 4 Magic Scroll in the end, they would’ve team-wiped for sure. They wouldn’t have the luxury of sitting down and resting here right now.

“Much better than the King of Corrosion’s. Of the five items, two are Growth-type Equipment.” Shi Feng chuckled.

[Life Talisman] (Necklace, Bronze Rank)

Level 40 – Level 90

Equipment Requirement: Intelligence 300, Vitality 200

Intelligence +21, Vitality +27, Endurance +22 (Level 40)

Casting Speed increased by 10%.

Healing effects increased by 15%.

Additional Passive Skill-

Light of Life: Select up to eight allies within a 30-yard radius and heal them for 30% of player’s Intelligence once every 3 seconds.

Additional Active Skill-

Life Connection: Select up to five allies, connecting and sharing their HPs. Life-connected targets receive a 20% increase in healing effects.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 5 minutes

A possession of the Life Priest Irene, the Life Talisman was made using the Stone of Life, which formed from the tears of the Goddess of Life. The Life Talisman contains immense Life Force. However, due to contamination by the power of darkness, it is greatly weakened. A large amount of Magic Crystals and EXP is needed to purify it. Can be purified five times. (The first purification requires 200 Magic Crystals and 300,000,000 EXP)

[Crimson Moon] (Greatsword, Bronze Rank)

Level 40 – Level 100

Equipment Requirement: Strength 600, Agility 400

Attack Power +975 (Level 40)

Strength +102, Endurance +36

Ignore Levels +5

When attacking, has a 30% chance to trigger Boiling Blood, increasing Strength Attribute by 500 points for 10 seconds, and a 15% chance to cause 200% damage.

Additional Passive Skill-

Blood Domain: Within a radius of 30 yards, the presence of any creatures with less than 50% HP will increase wielder’s Strength by 100%.

One of Titan City’s thirty-one Holy Weapons, its strength has been greatly weakened due to battle damage. Fortunately, the Holy Weapon’s core remains intact. A large amount of Magic Crystals and EXP is needed to repair it. Can be repaired five times. (The first repair requires 1,000 Magic Crystals and 500,000,000 EXP)

Everyone gasped upon reading the statistics of the items.

Both pieces of Growth-type Equipment were clearly far from ordinary, particularly the greatsword, Crimson Moon. Despite being only Bronze rank, the Strength Attribute it provided surpassed even that of Epic Weapons. Crimson Moon was an entirely Strength-oriented weapon made purely with destruction in mind.

Strength-wise, not even Shi Feng’s Killing Ray could compete with Crimson Moon. Most likely, only Fire Dance’s Thousand Transformations was superior to it. However, the former was a Fragmented Legendary Weapon, while the latter was currently still a Bronze Weapon.

While these two items were indeed shocking, what truly grabbed Shi Feng’s attention was a dilapidated crimson crystal ball. Despite its appearance, the crystal radiated faint Divine Might. Everything in the displayed information of the item was listed as “Unknown”; the result was the same even after Shi Feng used Omniscient Eyes.

However, Shi Feng knew what exactly this crystal was.

This was no longer his first time to encounter such an item.

God Crystal!

This was something even a Tier 4 Sky Knight had died trying to obtain. It was simply not an item that ordinary mortals could control. If not for the God Crystal being damaged, causing it to lose most of its power, he wouldn’t even be able to touch the crystal right now.

Shi Feng had never imagined that he would encounter yet another God Crystal.

The last time the blue crystal ball devoured a God Crystal, it had transformed into the Legendary ranked Holy Grail. However, as the Holy Grail had been destroyed by the God of War, it was still in a damaged state right now. Even so, it was still a Legendary item. The power it possessed was not something that a Fragmented Legendary item could compare to.

One could see just how amazing a Legendary item was from the fact that the current Holy Grail could upgrade an item up to a maximum of Fragmented Legendary rank.

If he obtained this God Crystal, he would be able to repair the Holy Grail further.

Obtaining Growth-type Equipment or an Epic item would pale in comparison to being able to upgrade the power of a Legendary item.

The other two items that dropped, aside from the two pieces of Growth-type Equipment and the God Crystal, were extraordinary as well. One was a Secret-Silver ranked summoning flute, while the other was a Tier 3 Summoning Scroll.

Currently, even Bronze Mounts were extremely rare in God’s Domain, not to mention Secret-Silver Mounts. The latter was most likely much more valuable than even an Epic item.

As for the Tier 3 Summoning Scroll, even Super Guilds would only have a few of these things. Its rarity was even greater than Epic items’.

“There are a total of five items. It won’t be possible to split them equally. How about we bid for the last item?” Shi Feng suggested to Youlan.

Every single one of the five items was extremely valuable to a Guild. It was natural for neither side to be willing to let the other side get an additional item. Hence, bidding for the last item would be the fairest solution.

“No need. If not for Team Leader Ye Feng using that precious Magic Scroll this time, we wouldn’t have been able to defeat the Ape King. I’ll let you choose three items first. Our side will be fine with taking the rest.” Youlan shook her head, rejecting Shi Feng’s goodwill.

After witnessing Zero Wing’s strength, she put much more importance to forming a friendly relationship with Zero Wing than to gaining these items.