Chapter 946 - Magic Light Set

Chapter 946: Magic Light Set

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

While Youlan’s head ached over how much it would cost to nurture Advanced Lifestyle players, Shi Feng wandered to the sales counter.

Aside from renting Workshops, Lifestyle Associations also sold designs and recipes for the various Lifestyle classes. Titan City’s Lifestyle Association was no exception.

Moreover, compared to the other Lifestyle Associations in kingdoms and empires, Titan City’s designs were more valuable.

Reaching Titan City was not easy.

By focusing her attention on nurturing Advanced Lifestyle players, Youlan missed Titan City’s true value.

Like Blackwing City, Titan City sold many exclusive items. One could say that these items were Titan City’s specialties. However, players needed to explore to learn more.

“Sir, how may help you?” the NPC robot standing behind the counter asked.

“I wish to purchase forging designs,” Shi Feng stated.

“Understood. Here is the information you’ve requested,” the NPC robot responded before passing Shi Feng a list.

It was a list of the available forging designs.

Elsewhere, one would be hard-pressed to find an NPC selling Secret-Silver Equipment forging designs. Here, however, purchasing one was easy. Meanwhile, Shi Feng eyed the Magic Light Set Equipment Forging Design, which was unique to Titan City.

This was one of the top-ranking sets among Level 50 set equipment.

Due to the system’s evolution, Level 50 had become a great divide for players. Not only could players begin class-changing to their Tier 2 classes, but equipment would also receive huge Attribute increases. Moreover, Level 50 and above monsters had significantly reduced drop-rates.

Currently, even Guild elite players strutted around in the latest Fine-Gold Equipment. However, once players reached Level 50, this would no longer be possible. Even Secret-Silver Equipment would become a luxury, much less Fine-Gold rank. As a result, Forgers’ status would rise exponentially.

The Magic Light Set could be divided into three ranks: Secret-Silver, Fine-Gold, and Dark-Gold.

Titan City’s Lifestyle Association sold the forging designs for all three ranks. This was a benefit that no other Lifestyle Association offered. Of course, their prices were maddeningly high.

The Secret-Silver rank forging design cost 300 Gold, the Fine-Gold design cost 900 Gold, and the Dark-Gold design cost 3,000 Gold. The Dark-Gold design cost as much as an Epic Weapon. Among the three, any player could purchase the Secret-Silver version, while Honorary Citizens or higher could buy the Fine-Gold rank. As for the Dark-Gold version, one needed to be a Titan City noble to buy their own.

However, there was one detestable fact about the designs and recipes available in Titan City; they could neither be sold or traded to other players once they had been purchased. Hence, even if non-Lifestyle players earned sufficient Titan City Reputation, they would not be able to profit from the city’s designs and recipes.

Of course, Shi Feng also had no intention of reselling the Magic Light Set Forging Design. Even if he could, other forgers would struggle to craft the set.

After all, the set’s required core material was a Mana Stone. Even in 100-man large-scale Team Dungeons, Mana Stones rarely dropped. Producing weapons or equipment with one was incredibly expensive. Their production volume would also be limited. Furthermore, the set’s forging success rate wasn’t high.

The Magic Light Set had six set pieces. At Secret-Silver rank, forging the set needed a minimum of six Mana Stones, with each set piece requiring one. At Fine-Gold rank, the amount of required Mana Stones tripled. At the Dark-Gold rank, the cost rose to insane heights as the set required a minimum of 60 Mana Stones.

The Epic Treasure Chest that Phoenix Rain had obtained had only needed 88 Mana Stones to open. Even so, Phoenix Rain had given up on the Treasure Chest due to how much time and effort it would take to acquire 88 Mana Stones.

As for Shi Feng, even with the Philosopher’s Stone, he needed to invest 50 Magic Crystals to synthesize one Mana Stone. Based on market value, each Mana Stone cost 10 Gold to produce.

Fortunately, Magic Crystals were not a problem for Shi Feng. Shi Feng only regretted that he couldn’t purchase the Dark-Gold rank design.

If he could equip the plate armor classes of Zero Wing’s main force with the Level 50 Dark-Gold ranked Magic Light Set, the team would be invincible.

Unfortunately, this dream would remain a dream.

In his previous life, even after players had reached Level 50, first-rate Guilds’ main forces had been lucky if they wore a few pieces of Fine-Gold Equipment. Level 50 Fine Gold Set Equipment was nothing more than a dream.

Following which, Shi Feng spent 900 Gold to purchase the Fine-Gold ranked Magic Light Set Equipment Forging Design.

After the team had spent several hours strolling around Titan City, Youlan and War Wolf returned to White River City and started preparing their Lifestyle players and required funds. Shi Feng did not linger, either, as he also led his team back to White River City.

Although Shi Feng had wanted to complete a few Reputation Quests before he left, the Candlelight Trading Firm could no longer wait. The trading firm desperately needed Advanced Lifestyle players. They also had to face the issue of manufacturing the Bronze Mounts. He could not afford to waste much time in the Holy City.

—

While Shi Feng had been gone, many changes had occurred in White River City.

Not only had the tension of the Abyss Invasion alleviated, but more players had also gathered in the city. Currently, the city’s streets were packed with players. This looked nothing like a city in decline.

“Why are there suddenly so many outsiders here?” Aqua Rose was slightly surprised by the scene that had greeted her.

Although Zero Wing and the Candlelight Trading Firm’s recruitment campaigns had attracted quite a few of players to White River City, they hadn’t attracted this many. She could even see Guild players from other kingdoms and empires.

Aqua Rose wasn’t the only person surprised by this development. White Night and Bloodsucker were also stunned.

Players generally gathered in a city’s center, yet, rather than heading towards the central district, the players arriving through the Teleportation Hall rushed towards White River City’s Slums. Regardless of which city, players avoided the Slums.

Yet, the opposite was occurring in White River City.

While players flooded the city, White River City’s Guilds were in an uproar.

They had all believed that White River City had been finished. Even if Zero Wing tried to utilize its recruitment campaign to increase the city’s population, no one could change its fate. However, a new building had appeared in the city’s Slums, and it had changed everything.