Chapter 944

Chapter 944

Honorary Citizen

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Youlan’s determined answer slightly surprised Bloodsucker.

Of the five items, aside from the unknown, dilapidated crystal, the other four were priceless. One would be hard-pressed to find these items in Raven.

The Secret-Silver Mount, in particular, was extraordinarily rare. Only Super Guilds or super-first-rate Guilds had any chance of getting their hands on one or two.

He had never imagined that Youlan would actually be so generous as to give Shi Feng first-pick of three items.

While he could understand Youlan’s train of thought, if the choice were his, letting Shi Feng choose up to three items, rather than giving the Swordsman the first three picks, would be the limit of his generosity.

Among the five items, it went without saying which three were the most important.

The three included the two pieces of Growth-type Equipment and the Secret-Silver Mount. They had no information on the dilapidated crystal whatsoever. One could not use it even if they obtained it. As for the Tier 3 Summoning Scroll, while it was very valuable, there was no guarantee that it could help defeat a Boss or to obtain a Growth-type or Epic Equipment. At best, it could aid in team battles between Guilds or when raiding a town.

However, Youlan’s decision had not surprised War Wolf, who had also survived the tough battle.

Outsiders had no idea about Underworld’s internal situation or Youlan’s current position within it. However, after witnessing Zero Wing’s power, War Wolf was even more certain that they needed to strengthen their relationship with the Guild.

To elevate their fame and position in Underworld, many upper echelons had spent a lot of effort to curry favor with various Super Guilds. For example, the numerous Underworld upper echelons were trying to get close to Pantheon. Unfortunately, the Guild wouldn’t give Underworld the time of day.

After all, Underworld was only a coalition of organizations with some influence and capital. It was slightly stronger than an ordinary first-rate Guild. However, the organizations’ authority was scattered, and it was much harder to unite its members under one banner than it was in a first-rate Guild. Every upper echelon in the organization had their own motives, each trying to nurture their own forces and Guilds.

Overwhelming Smile was the combined effort of four Underworld upper echelons.

Although Zero Wing could not compete with Pantheon in terms of background, the same could not be said for its main force. With such a powerful team, they could acquire top-tier weapons and equipment just as fast as any Super Guild. This was clear based on the equipment Zero Wing’s members wore.

Moreover, Zero Wing was situated in Star-Moon Kingdom. If Overwhelming Smile could improve its relationship with Zero Wing, they might be able to ask Zero Wing’s members for some help in the future. Perhaps they could assist each other when raiding monsters that one alone could not handle or trade raid information. After all, weren’t Underworld’s upper echelons trying to do the same with Pantheon for those very reasons?

“I’ll take you up on that offer.” Shi Feng also understood Youlan’s intentions. Without hesitation, he chose the God Crystal and the two pieces of Growth-type Equipment.

As for the Secret-Silver Mount, it wasn’t nearly as valuable as the Growth-type Equipment to Zero Wing. Moreover, he had the Beastmaster’s Compendium. As long as he had a sufficiently skillful Master Alchemist, it was only a matter of time before he nurtured the Guild Mount to Secret-Silver rank.

The Tier 3 Summoning Scroll held even less appeal to him.

He had the Bible of Darkness. Once he was promoted to his Tier 2 class, he could easily summon Tier 3 Demons. Even now, it was possible to summon a Tier 3 Demon with Aqua Rose’s Song of Beatrice. Although this Tier 3 Demon would be weakened, they could use it as a meat shield.

After both sides finished splitting the loot, Shi Feng passed the Life Talisman to Violet Cloud.

Violet Cloud was already a powerful healer, and after equipping the necklace, her healing abilities would rise further.

Once the remaining team members had rested, Shi Feng led them up the mountain.

Although the group encountered many monsters on their way into Titan City, these monsters were no threat to Shi Feng’s team. After only three hours, these players arrived at the Holy City’s entrance.

Titan City’s gates were 100 meters tall. The surrounding walls climbed to 300 meters. When Shi Feng’s group arrived before the city’s entrance, they looked like ants.

Many divine runes had been engraved into the massive steel gates. When Shi Feng stepped within 500 yards of the gates, he felt an immense pressure wash over him. It felt as if these gates were the jaws of a gigantic monster.

Clouds drifted above the city. However, these clouds were not ordinary; Rather, they consisted of Mana. One could imagine just how dense the Mana was in the Holy City of Titan.

The instant Shi Feng’s group arrived before the gates, one of the two 200-meter tall Titan statues standing guard on either side moved.

“Outsiders, congratulations on reaching the Holy City of Titan. For clearing the entrance trial, you will be awarded 100 entrance tokens. You may use these entrance tokens to teleport to Titan City’s Teleportation Hall without undergoing a trial. Every token will grant you three days in Titan City. Use them well.” After the Titan statue had spoken, it waved its arm and formed 100 black iron tokens before Shi Feng and the others. “If you wish to enter the city now, you may do so using teleportation array to the side without expending an entrance token.”

After the Titan statue fell silent, the team members heard the sound of two system notifications.

System: Congratulations! For being the first team to clear the entrance trial, you have been awarded 110 Titan City Reputation Points.

System: Congratulations! Your Titan City Reputation has reached 100 points. Your status in the Holy City has been upgraded to Honorary Citizen. You will now receive the benefits of an Honorary Citizen while in the Holy City. You may now stay up to five days with each visit to the Holy City.

“Why is there a time limit when in Titan City?” Youlan frowned.

Originally, she had thought that, once she gained the slots to enter the city, her Lifestyle players could remain in the city until they became Advanced Forgers or Alchemists. She had not realized that each token only had a duration of three short days. It was impossible for an Intermediate Forger or Alchemist to reach Advanced rank within such a brief time.

This meant that each Intermediate Lifestyle player would need multiple tokens to reach Advanced rank.

She had never expected this development.

“Let’s head inside and take a look for now,” Shi Feng suggested. The revelation had not surprised him. Youlan and the others had simply hoped for too much. They had thought that, by obtaining the entrance slots to Titan City, they could nurture a small army of Advanced Lifestyle players without a care in the world.

God’s Domain wasn’t that nice. Otherwise, Master Lifestyle players wouldn’t have been so rare in the past, even more exalted than Tier 4 players.

This was also why he had prioritized the First Clear.

Only by becoming an Honorary Citizen could one prolong their stay by two days. If one’s Reputation rose further, their allotted stays would also be extended. Of course, the benefits of becoming an Honorary Citizen weren’t limited to an extended stay.

At Shi Feng’s words, Youlan quickly adjusted her mood and nodded before following Shi Feng to the teleportation array. She wanted to know if the team’s sacrifices had been worth the rumored benefits of Titan City.