Chapter 955 - Raven'S Background

Chapter 955: Raven’s Background

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

After the unfamiliar man spoke, he shifted his gaze towards Bloodsucker.

“Blood, follow me. Everyone else, return to the Guild.”

Kirin and the others nodded to the man’s commanding tone, reverence filling their eyes when looked at him.

This surprised Shi Feng.

During the entrance trial, Shi Feng had discovered that that Kirin was a Void Realm expert. Throughout Zero Wing, only he could trump over the Assassin. Both Fire Dance and Violet Cloud were still weaker than him in terms of combat standards. Though, if it came to an actual fight, Fire Dance would defeat Kirin easily as the difference between their equipment was massive.

Regardless, with Kirin’s combat standards, he would be an apex expert in any Guild.

Yet, the unfamiliar man had clearly expressed that they were heading somewhere where an expert of Kirin’s caliber wasn’t qualified to be. Among the party, only Bloodsucker was allowed to accompany them.

“Brother Blood, where are we going?” Shi Feng sent Bloodsucker a private message. He was very curious about their destination.

“I don’t know. This is only my third time meeting one of the Guild Leader’s Dark Guards.

Although he was a part of Raven’s upper management, he was not qualified to meddle with Raven’s core.

In addition, Raven’s internal affairs were kept hidden. As a Dark Guild, Raven did not prioritize killing monsters or developing cities. Instead, Dark Guilds killed players and plundered cities for a living, and everything they did demanded secrecy. After all, NPCs desperately wanted to eliminate them.

Hence, even an upper manager like Bloodsucker knew very little about the Raven Guild. He was only responsible for managing his area’s bounties.

As for the Guild’s core secrets, he knew nothing.

The Dark Guards were the Guild Leader’s trusted aids. Every one possessed extremely high combat standards; even he admired them. The Guild Leader almost never revealed himself during his various tasks. He even left crucial matters for his Dark Guards to handle.

“A Dark Guard?” Shi Feng glanced at the cloaked man, shocked.

He had heard about Raven’s Dark Guards before.

Raven had become one of the Six Great Dark Guilds in God’s Domain due to its Dark Guards. These Dark Guards possessed inhuman combat standards. There were also many of them. Moreover, as they constantly covered themselves with Black Cloaks, nobody outside of Raven knew of their identities.

Initially, many people had wondered if a Super Guild had established Raven.

However, facts had proven that Raven was not related to any Super Guild in God’s Domain. Every Super Guild in God’s Domain had been under the care of Raven’s Dark Guards at some point. Despite the Dark Guards robbing them of many riches, none of these Super Guilds had any real method of dealing with the Dark Guild. This was because Raven had no fewer top-tier experts than a Super Guild.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng could clearly feel that the Dark Guard before him was even more impressive than Bloodsucker.

Of course, ‘impressive’ did not refer to combat techniques. Rather, it was the Dark Guard’s aura that impressed him. He felt more like a machine, cold and emotionless, than a human.

Bloodsucker was a Dark Player. He could build a mountain with the corpses of the players he had killed, yet he could not feel as intimidating as this Dark Guard. Like a soulless robot, this Dark Guard revealed neither joy nor sadness.

After Kirin and the others had departed, this indifferent Dark Guard led Shi Feng and Bloodsucker through numerous teleportations, traveling far from Star-Moon Kingdom and arriving in a remote town in the Dawn Empire. Following which, the trio rode their Mounts for several hours before finally arriving in a seemingly-uninhabited town.

Unlike NPC towns, this town had plenty of NPC guards patrolling its borders.

A captured town?

After seeing the town’s situation, Shi Feng could not help but admire Raven.

Various large Guilds hungered to capture their own town.

However, capturing a town was easier said than done.

He had only managed to capture Stone Forest Town because the town was slightly unique. He had also been able to use hundreds of thousands of players as bait.

Although players had reached higher levels and their Attributes had increased significantly, capturing a town was still very difficult. Even Super Guilds needed to plan long-term to do so. They couldn’t afford any mistakes. Otherwise, the consequences would be extremely dire. There was even less need to mention other Guilds.

On his way here, Shi Feng had noticed that the surrounding monsters were all above Level 40. With this, the town’s original NPCs should have been Level 60 at least.

It was no longer possible to capture a town by relying on players’ strength. One needed powerful external assistants such as Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls or a small army of Personal Guards. They could also use siege weapons. However, without any of that, capturing a town of this level was impossible.

As for Bloodsucker, who was a member of Raven, he wore a dumbfounded expression. He could not believe his eyes.

Despite being one of the Guild’s upper echelons, he had no clue that his Guild had its own town…

“Is this the Strength Guild Leader Bloodfang wants me to see?” Shi Feng asked the Dark Guard leading them.

Currently, among God’s Domain’s various powers, those capable of capturing a town of this caliber could be counted with one’s fingers.

However, after entering the town, Shi Feng realized something.

The town was extremely poor. Aside from a Guild Residence, the only other buildings were a hotel and a smithy. There was nothing else…

Although the town was extremely poor, the several hundred players in the town were far from ordinary.

Not only were they all Level 38 or above, but they felt like ferocious beasts. The chill in their eyes was similar to the Dark Guard’s; there was not a shred of emotion in their gaze. They seemed even less human than high-intelligence NPCs. If not for the green, diamond marker above their heads, Shi Feng would’ve wondered if these players were the town’s NPCs.

( Updated by BOXNOVEL )

When Shi Feng arrived before the town’s only hotel, three cloaked men emerged from the dilapidated building. The auras around these men were the same as the Dark Guard who had led them here, and they felt just as dangerous to Shi Feng.

“Guild Leader has said that only Ye Feng may enter. Bloodsucker, wait outside.”

After hearing the Dark Guard’s command, Bloodsucker had no choice but to wait. As for Shi Feng, he boldly waltzed into the hotel. He was very eager to learn just what kind of person Raven’s Guild Leader was.