Chapter 958 - Inconceivable Zero Wing

Chapter 958: Inconceivable Zero Wing

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“If you can’t make a decision right now, you can return after discussing it with your Guild Leader. However, I can only give you a day to consider,” Bloodfang did not believe that there was another option for cooperation. He believed that Zero Wing could not afford to hand over that much money in such a short time. “One hundred thousand Gold is no small amount. I do not believe that Zero Wing can collect that much money in so little time, either; you can pay 40,000 Gold upfront and the remaining 60,000 in the next five days.”

Raven was currently broke. They had used almost all of their money to reconstruct the town and hire the necessary NPC guards.

However, these NPC guards were still not capable of standing against all those monsters.

If they wanted to defend the town, they needed to construct the defensive magic array. With the magic array and the NPC guards, they should survive through the 15-day protection period. As long as they constructed the Defense Turrets during the protection period, they could begin mining the Manatite vein without issues.

“Guild Leader Bloodfang, 100,000 Gold is just too much. Even Zero Wing can’t spend that much money,” Shi Feng again rejected Bloodfang’s offer. “Why don’t we try a different method of cooperation? Zero Wing will be responsible for protecting the town. However, you will pay us 30% of the vein’s income.”

He still needed a large sum to construct his own city. How could he possibly give Raven his Coins?

Moreover, even without the defensive magic array and NPC guards, it was possible to prevent monsters from trampling the town.

He could simply head to Blackwing City and purchase a Monster Repellent Scroll.

The Monster Repellent Scroll was an item that could disperse monsters within a certain area, preventing low-intelligence monsters from actively approaching. Although the effect was temporary, the scroll was very cheap. Each scroll only cost 5 Gold. It was much more cost-effective than constructing a defensive magic array or Defense Turrets.

In God’s Domain, the defensive magic array and Defense Turrets were mainly used during monster raids. When dealing with players, however, they were not as effective as NPC guards, yet they cost far more.

Rather than wasting money on that particular plan, Shi Feng would be better off investing his money into his own Guild or somewhere else.

Generally, the monsters that raided towns and cities possessed very low intelligence, so the Monster Repellent Scroll could chase them away. As for using the scroll against the Abyss Invasion, very few abyssal monsters possessed low intelligence. Hence, the scroll wouldn’t be as effective.

“Let Zero Wing defend the town?” Bloodfang could not help but laugh at Shi Feng’s proposal. “It’s not that I am looking down on Zero Wing, but rather, these monsters are over Level 100. There are thousands of them. With players’ current strength, it is impossible to defend against such an onslaught. And even if you succeed, why should I give you 30% for defending the town when I can ensure its safety for 100,000 Gold? Wouldn’t that be more of a loss? If this is your offer, I would rather contact several other major powers. I believe that they will be more than willing to cooperate.”

Zero Wing was not Bloodfang’s only option. The only problem was that none of the major powers could afford a 100,000-Gold investment. However, he did not necessarily need 100,000 Gold. As long as he had the initial 40,000 Gold, he could construct a sufficient number of hotels during the 15-day protection period. With a place to replenish their Stamina in, his subordinates could mine for Magic Crystals continuously. He could earn enough money to construct the required Defense Turrets before the protection period ended.

However, Raven would have to be particularly frugal during this period.

“If so, I have another suggestion. For each monster raid Zero Wing stops, Raven will pay 6,000 Magic Crystals. What do you think of that?” Shi Feng casually suggested.

“Are you serious?” Bloodfang asked in surprise.

If they utilized this method, the town’s income would belong to Raven fully. As long as they could begin their mining operation, Raven wouldn’t have any financial problems. They could quickly construct a powerful defense. Only, the initial period would be the most difficult.

He hadn’t expected Shi Feng to be interested in such an exchange.

Had Shi Feng simply handed over 100,000 Gold, he could have received 20% of the town’s income. As time passed, he would earn far more than 100,000 Gold, yet for short-term profit, he had given up on a future goldmine. Bloodfang found it hard to believe that a large Guild’s upper echelon would make such a rash decision.

“Of course, I’m serious. I’ve already discussed this with my Guild Leader, and he has approved. Now, it is up to you whether or not to accept this condition.” Shi Feng chuckled.

“Alright, I agree to work with Zero Wing. I just hope that you don’t regret this decision,” Bloodfang said. Even after watching Shi Feng for a long time, he did not understand the man’s thoughts. He could not figure out what Black Flame, Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, was thinking, either.

The only reason he had agreed to offer Zero Wing a share of the town was because he had worried the Guild would not be willing to fork over the money. That Zero Wing had refused the shares, only asking for some Magic Crystals, was good news for Raven.

The monster raids did not occur every day. Generally, they only attacked every other night. Even if Zero Wing defended the town from ten attacks, he would only spend 60,000 Magic Crystals. When the town’s defenses were complete, he would not need Zero Wing’s assistance.

Based on the current market price, each Magic Crystal was worth 25 Silver. Even if Zero Wing defended the town for twenty days, he would only spend 15,000 Gold. No matter how he looked at it, he would profit from this trade.

Following which, Shi Feng signed a contract with Bloodfang. As long as Zero Wing helped Raven defend against a monster raid, Raven would pay 6,000 Magic Crystals. Moreover, the payment could only be made in Magic Crystals. If Raven could not pay up, it would have to pay five times the value of the Magic Crystals with Coins or other products. Aside from that, Raven must also allow Zero Wing to construct a Guild Residence in the town so that Zero Wing’s members could travel here easily.

Of course, if Zero Wing failed to defend the town, it would have to pay Raven a reconstruction fee of 30,000 Gold.

“It is highly likely that the next raid will happen tomorrow night, but I can’t say for sure. I hope that you will be prepared before then.” Although Bloodfang had signed the contract with Shi Feng, he was still worried. Could Zero Wing really defend against that many monsters?

“Rest assured. Once Zero Wing’s Residence has been constructed, you won’t have to worry about monsters,” Shi Feng replied confidently.

Now that they had signed the contract, he was in a great mood.

Although it seemed as if Raven had just secured Zero Wing’s help, dealing with the Dark Guild’s biggest concern, Zero Wing would gain far more than 20% of the town’s income. However, Bloodfang didn’t know this.

While the Monster Repellent Scroll was very convenient, it also had a huge flaw.

The scroll could only chase monsters away, not exterminate them. As they fled, the monster army would grow. When players stopped using the Monster Repellent Scroll, the subsequent raid would be intense, even horrific.

As long as the army grew four or five times, the town would fall even if they had thirty turrets…