Chapter 959 - Spirit Seal

Chapter 959 – Spirit Seal

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Shi Feng had no intention of telling Bloodfang about the Monster Repellent Scroll’s flaws.

They were collaborators, not friends. They were simply obtaining what they needed from each other.

Whether or not Raven could fend off the monster army was none of his concern. After all, he only needed to pay a small price for Raven to endure through the early phases of the town’s construction. Moreover, it would be a waste if he did not rip off a Magic Crystal tycoon like Raven.

White River City’s teleportation house urgently needed Magic Crystals. As long as he had enough Magic Crystals, he could turn them into Coins. Once Zero Wing had its first city, it would have a safeguard of its own.

As the Main God System had administered the contract between them, both parties felt reassured.

Shi Feng had initially planned to leave using a Return Scroll. However, Bloodfang suddenly stopped him.

“A moment!” Bloodfang held Shi Feng back. Smiling, he continued, “I still have information that I think will be of use to Zero Wing.”

Saying so, Bloodfang took out a black envelope and passed it to Shi Feng.

Shi Feng raised his brows when he saw the envelope.

Although the envelope looked normal, it was actually an encrypted message. No one would be able to read the message aside from the intended player. Moreover, after the message was read, it would self-destruct. Even recording the message would not be possible.

“A video message?” After opening the envelope, the message came in the form of a video file. Following which, Shi Feng clicked to open the file.

When he finished watching the video, however, he was shocked.

In the video displayed numerous players encircling a one-horned humanoid creature that loomed over three meters tall and wore a black robe. Numerous crimson runes, resembling flames, decorated this humanoid creature’s body. Moreover, the humanoid creature exuded black fog from its body, and players shuddered when its crimson eyes turned towards them.

Aside from this monster’s level and HP, the video showed nothing about it.

Neither the monster’s level nor its HP was very high at Level 40 with just over a million HP. With a rough guess, Shi Feng surmised that the monster was only Chieftain rank, yet even it had massacred several hundred elite players.

However, rather than the deaths of several hundred Level 35-plus elites players, the one-horned monster’s extraordinary actions were the key points of the video.

The monster’s combat style was similar to a player’s.

Moreover, whenever this monster killed a player, not only did it recover some HP, but its Attributes also rose slightly. Most importantly, Shi Feng noticed something familiar on the monster’s body.

The Spirit Seal used to absorb Immortal Souls!

Sharlyn had only marked the Spirit Seal on the back of his hand so that he could complete his quest, and this Spirit Seal would only shine silver when absorbing an Immortal Soul.

The same Spirit Seal had been imprinted on the humanoid monster’s chest. Every time the monster killed a player, the Spirit Seal radiated a faint silver glow. From an outsider’s point of view, the glowing Spirit Seal throbbed like the monster’s heartbeat.

A passing expert Assassin had recorded this video. As this Assassin had maintained his distance from the battlefield and stayed in Stealth, they had been hard to detect. Hence, this video was a record of the entire battle.

After the one-horned monster finished killing the elite players, something even more astonishing happened.

Usually, monsters didn’t pay attention to the items players dropped when they died unless they were quest-related items, yet after killing the players, the one-horned monster looted the drops.

Before the monster left the area, several other figures appeared. Among these figures, a few looked like the monster. Not only were they tall, but a single horn also grew from their foreheads. Surprisingly, a player stood among them. However, as this scene had been recorded from far away and due to the player’s Black Cloak and mask, Shi Feng could not even discern the player’s gender, much less their identity.

Yet, Shi Feng was certain that it was a player due to the green, diamond marker about their head. The marker was unique to players.

The Assassin expert had tried to follow the monsters. However, he had been discovered. Although the Level 38 Assassin expert tried, with all his might, to flee, in the end, he failed to escape the one-horned monsters.

How can there be such monsters? Shi Feng inwardly shuddered as he watched the monsters kill the Assassin.

In terms of combat techniques, the Assassin could reach the Trial Tower’s sixth floor with his standards. He would be a considerably powerful expert, even in a first-rate Guild. After all, the general public recognized players as experts once they had reached the fourth floor.

Yet, the monsters’ combat standards were stronger than the Assassin’s. Unfortunately, due to a lack of combat footage, Shi Feng could not discern the one-horned monsters’ true capabilities. Even so, Shi Feng roughly guessed them to be near the Half-step Refinement Realm at the very least…

If they had been NPCs, Shi Feng would not be surprised if they had reached this standard. After all, he had encountered NPCs with much higher combat standards than that. However, for God’s Domain’s monsters to fight like this, their intelligence must be extremely high; even Great Lords didn’t fight like this.

“The Assassin who recorded this video is a Red Player and a slightly famous one at that. It had been two days since he had died, but even now, he cannot log into God’s Domain,” Bloodfang informed Shi Feng. “Very few people know about this. From what this player has said, these monsters are extremely powerful. Before these monsters dealt with that elite team, they were roaming the area, killing Field Bosses. These monsters were also capable of increasing their Attributes by killing both monsters and players. Moreover, their intelligence is very high.

“The Assassin reported that, when he had faced those one-horned monsters, it had felt as if he had been fighting expert players. They were so intelligent that they could easily predict his movements and implement the appropriate countermeasures.”

“What does this have to do with Zero Wing?” Shi Feng asked.

Although he agreed that these monsters were extraordinary, there were many bizarre situations in God’s Domain. It might be some sort of in-game event. Furthermore, he was already swamped with his own matters. He did not have the time to concern himself with someone else’s business.

“This video was taken in Star-Moon Kingdom, only a short distance from Stone Forest Town. Although these monsters are not yet a threat to the NPCs protecting the town, I believe that the town’s safety will be a problem once the protection period ends. After all, nobody can say for sure just how powerful those monster can become,” Bloodfang said, chuckling.