Chapter 965 - Super Guilds’ Attention

Chapter 965: Super Guilds’ Attention

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“It’s nothing major. I just wish to purchase an item from Zero Wing.” Quiet Melody chuckled at Shi Feng’s question.

“What item are you interested in?” Shi Feng began to grow curious.

Generally, any items that Zero Wing sold could be purchased from the Candlelight Trading Firm.

With the Sacred Temple’s capabilities, Quiet Melody could even easily afford the limited Intermediate Mana Armor Kits. Rather than seeking him out personally, she could simply issue a command, and her subordinates would fetch the items and deliver them to her doorstep.

“The slots to the Holy City,” Quiet Melody responded seriously.

“How do you know about that?” Shi Feng’s expression immediately darkened.

Very few people knew of his acquisition of the Titan City entrance tokens. He highly doubted that Youlan’s people would have leaked anything.

However, based on Quiet Melody’s tone, it was clear that she was certain that he had the entrance tokens.

“There’s no need for surprise. In reality, this news has spread throughout the various Super Guilds,” Quiet Melody smiled. “I believe you remember Peerless, right?

“As a result of his major loss at your hands, Peerless advertised your deeds. He even revealed the secret about Titan City. Moreover, he is very certain that you obtained slots to the Holy City.

“Before this incident, I never knew that God’s Domain had such a Holy Land. Many Super Guilds are now watching Zero Wing. It is only a matter of time before they contact your Guild. I had intended to visit White River City after I had finished shopping here. However, it seems that won’t be necessary.”

Hearing Quiet Melody’s explanation, the Sacred Temple members were stunned.

Even Lonely Fantasy wondered if he had heard wrong.

They had never imagined that Shi Feng was actually responsible for the Pantheon Elder’s suffering.

Even newbies knew about Pantheon’s Peerless. He was a big shot on the same level as Quiet Melody, yet Shi Feng had killed such a powerful character. It was unbelievable!

Field battles were different from the PvP battles in the Dark Arena. Although Peerless was not as powerful as Sirius, one could use various tools in a field battle. Many powerful experts had also accompanied Peerless, making it even more difficult to kill him.

Moreover, from listening to Quiet Melody’s words, the item in Shi Feng’s hands was even tempting to the various Super Guilds, so much so that a Vice Temple Master like Quiet Melody deemed it necessary to make a personal visit.

This was a first in Sacred Temple’s history.

Generally, when dealing with a Guild like Zero Wing, it was a miracle if the Sacred Temple even sent someone from middle management, yet the Guild had delegated the negotiations with Zero Wing to a core upper echelon.

Lonely Fantasy was confused.

Zero Wing was merely an upstart Guild in God’s Domain, yet it warranted treatment that first-rate Guilds dreamed of. How did it manage this?

“So, he’s the one who let it leak.” Shi Feng smiled bitterly as a realization struck him. “It seems that had been his final chance.”

He now, more or less, understood Peerless’s actions during the entrance trial.

It was no wonder why the high and mighty Peerless of Pantheon had tried to negotiate halfway through the battle. Without a doubt, that had been his last chance to challenge the entrance trial. After losing that chance, he would have to wait a long time before he could try to enter the Holy City again. He might not even get another chance.

Since he had lost this opportunity, he wouldn’t let the culprit behind his failure get off scot-free. Hence, he had spread the news and pointed the various Super Guilds towards Zero Wing.

“Our Sacred Temple also knows how valuable the slots are, so we won’t ask for too many. Ten will be enough. I believe that with how many slots Zero Wing obtained, trading ten shouldn’t be an issue. Moreover, we are more than willing to pay a sufficient fee in either money or items,” Quiet Melody unhurriedly explained her offer.

In an ordinary Guild, the Holy City’s slots would, at most, add a few Advanced Lifestyle players. However, it was a different story for Super Guilds.

Super Guilds like the Sacred Temple had many Lifestyle players who were masters in other virtual reality games. Unfortunately, as these masters were still unfamiliar with God’s Domain’s Lifestyle classes, they could only utilize a small fraction of their true abilities. However, with access to the Holy City of Titan, these past masters would rapidly become true Lifestyle Masters in God’s Domain.

Once these masters could exert their true abilities, rather than just generating limited profits, the Sacred Temple’s network of Shops could finally be put to good use.

Hence, to obtain the slots to the Holy City, the Sacred Temple was willing to pay a massive price.

“If Zero Wing is willing to sell the slots, the Sacred Temple is willing to trade Epic items or golden Lands in major cities for them.” Since Shi Feng had remained silent, Quiet Melody decided to use the Sacred Temple’s trump card.

One needed more than just money to afford Epic items and major cities’ golden Lands. It was especially true for the Lands. Even a fool knew that these Lands’ value had room to grow.

If not for how important Lifestyle Masters were to the Sacred Temple, the Temple would never have considered these bargaining chips.

“Although I want to agree to your offer, the Holy City’s slots are too precious. I believe that you know just how important they are. Moreover, to tell you the truth, Zero Wing has already used many of our slots. Even if I wanted to trade them to you, Zero Wing doesn’t have many left. If you wish to buy them, I’ll have to discuss your offer with my Guild Leader.” Shi Feng did not openly reject Quiet Melody’s request. After all, the Sacred Temple offered an impressive price.

Moreover, based on Quiet Melody had said, it seemed that multiple Super Guilds were very interested in the Holy City’s entrance tokens.

Even if he told the truth and claimed that Zero Wing had used all of its slots, none of the Super Guilds would believe him. At which point, Zero Wing would have earned many new enemies for no reason at all. This was all a part of Peerless’s sinister plan.

“I understand. I’ll have to request that you speak with Guild Leader Black Flame, then. If he is willing to trade, our offer will not disappoint.” Quiet Melody nodded, not surprised in the least about this outcome.   ( Updated by BOX NOVEL.COM)

In her opinion, Shi Feng was merely one of Zero Wing’s upper echelons, and the Holy City’s slots could decide the fate of a trading firm. Naturally, such an important decision fell to the Guild’s leader.

As for whether or not Black Flame would agree to the Sacred Temple’s offer, she was unsure.

However, she didn’t believe that it was likely that he would refuse the offer. After all, golden Lands in major cities were too valuable. They were also something that Zero Wing needed urgently. There simply was no reason for Black Flame to refuse.