Chapter 968 - Evolving The Emblem

Chapter 968: Evolving the Emblem

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

How is this Divine Might be so powerful?!

Shi Feng could only look at the damaged God Crystal. He could not even move a finger.

The powerful Divine Might could even overpower Tier 5 NPCs.

It was hard to imagine that this was merely a

damaged

God Crystal.

Even the complete God Crystal he had previously snatched from a Tier 4 monster had not been as powerful as this.

If he weren’t in his Private Warehouse, the God Crystal’s Divine Might might be enough to paralyze every player in the bank, causing a commotion in White River City.

Although this damaged God Crystal was quite powerful, in front of the Holy Grail, it was a sheep for the slaughter. It could only wait for its death.

The Holy Grail then radiated a purple aura that spread throughout the warehouse.

This purple aura ate away at the Divine Might rapidly, and Shi Feng’s Private Warehouse was soon void of Divine Magic. As for the damaged God Crystal, it could barely stay afloat while it struggled desperately against the Holy Grail’s aura.

Suddenly, the sound of a system notification reached Shi Feng’s ears.

System: Do you wish to allow the Holy Grail to absorb the Titan Core?

“This is a Titan Core?” The sudden revelation surprised Shi Feng. He used Omniscient Eyes once more to check the damaged God Crystal.

[Titan Core] The Ten Great Saints of Titan’s greatest masterpiece. The Titan Core is capable of supplying a near-infinite amount of energy. It originally served as the Titan Fortress’s power core. However, it had been heavily damaged during the war between Gods.

When Shi Feng finished reading the description, he was thunderstruck.

He had heard of this item before. It could be used to construct a war fortress’s power core, which was also the most important component in a war fortress.

A war fortress was far more difficult to construct than a city as it was a machine meant for slaughter.

Even Tier 5 NPCs would flee from a war fortress as a single, random strike was enough to end their lives. However, moving a powerful war fortress required an astronomical amount of energy. Hence, one needed a very powerful power source. Among the available materials in God’s Domain, the Titan Core was the best option.

Speaking of war fortresses, Shi Feng had seen one in the Physis Canyon. He had also accepted the Unique Quest “Steel Fortress Barrutia.”.

He had nearly lost his life attempting to power the Steel Fortress Barrutia with the Titan’s Heart.

However, although the Titan’s Heart could also be used as a power core, it was far weaker than the Titan Core. The Titan Core possessed Divine Might, while the Titan’s Heart only possessed power.

If the Titan’s Heart were powerful enough to threaten Tier 5 classes, the Titan Core was powerful enough to invoke Gods’ fear.

Moreover, unlike the Titan Core, the Titan’s Heart’s energy was limited.

Even a hundred Titan’s Hearts were not as valuable as one Titan Core.

“Do I absorb it?” Shi Feng hesitated.

To a Guild, the Titan Core was leagues more important than a Legendary item.

Of the many components needed to construct a war fortress, the power core was the most difficult to obtain. In the past, this had caused many headaches for many of God’s Domain’s major powers. Moreover, even if they obtained a power source, they would not mobilize their war fortress due to the immense energy consumption. However, there was no denying a war fortress’s extreme power.

If a Tier 5 player could defend a town with a player population over one million, a war fortress could defend nearly half of a kingdom’s territory. Moreover, that was with a limited energy source when it could not be moved casually.

Obtaining or producing another power source was immensely difficult.

If he could equip a war fortress with the Titan Core, the war fortress would have no problems defending an entire kingdom. Even the Super Guilds in the past had not had such a weapon of mass destruction.

Moreover, powering a war fortress was only one of the Titan Core’s functions. The Titan Core could also be used in a player-constructed city to emulate the Holy City of Titan.

According to legend, eighteen Titan Cores powered Titan City, granting it infinite energy. In the distant past, a large group of Tier 6 Gods had attacked the Holy City. In the end, however, these Gods had failed. Titan City’s dense Mana and its floating Lifestyle Association were due to its endless amount of energy.

One could just imagine how precious a Titan Core was.

If he allowed the Holy Grail to absorb the Titan Core now, it would be nigh impossible to obtain another in the future. After all, Titan City’s ten saints were long gone. There was no one around who was capable of producing another Titan Core.

In the end, after giving it some thought, Shi Feng decided to withhold the Titan Core from the Holy Grail.

Although the Titan Core was damaged and could not be used, there was hope of repairing it. After all, he had the Holy City’s Emblem. He could enter Titan City any time he wanted. As the Titan Core’s birthplace, he should be able to learn how to repair it in Titan City.

To stop the Holy Grail from craving the Titan Core, Shi Feng stored the Core in another safe. No one was allowed to open the saves in a Private Warehouse without the user’s approval. The items in these safes would also be disconnected from the outside world.

Sure enough, after Shi Feng stored the Titan Core inside a safe, the Holy Grail receded its aura and fell dormant.

It seems I’ll have to look for other God Crystals to restore the Holy Grail.

Shi Feng sighed as he looked at the Holy Grail, which emitted a purple hue. He suddenly had a realization.

Since the Grail can evolve an item, I wonder if it can evolve the Holy City’s Emblem?

Although there was no indication of the Holy City’s Emblem having a rank, the Titan City Entrance Tokens were divided into ranks.

His black-iron entrance tokens allowed wielders to enter the Holy City for three days. If players possessed sufficient Reputation, they could extend their stay.

Silver was the next rank. Wielders of the silver entrance token could stay in the Holy City for six days. Similarly, they could extend their stay with sufficient Reputation.

The highest ranking entrance token was the gold entrance token. It allowed players to stay in the Holy City for up to ten days.

Which token players acquired depended on which difficulty they chose when challenging the entrance trial.

Titan City’s entrance trial was not limited to one difficulty setting. Only, as Shi Feng’s team was still too low-level and only consisted of Tier 1 players, they had not had any other options.

When the team had Tier 2 players, the entrance trial would provide a Hard Mode difficulty. As long as players cleared the Hard Mode trial, they could obtain silver tokens. When Tier 3 players were present in the team, Hell Mode would be made available, from which players could obtain the golden tokens.

The Normal Mode of Titan City’s entrance trial was already as difficult, or more, as the Hell Mode difficulty of a 100-man large-scale Team Dungeon, not to mention Hard Mode and Hell Mode.

Even in the past, Shi Feng had never heard of a team obtaining the gold tokens, and extremely few teams had managed to obtain the silver tokens; most had settled for black-iron. /  boxnovel.com

Since the entrance tokens were divided by ranks, the Holy City’s Emblems should have ranks as well. After all, he had obtained his Holy City’s Emblem from Normal Mode. What about those obtained from Hard Mode and Hell Mode?

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng could not help but click on the Holy Grail and select its Power of Evolution Skill. He chose the Holy City’s Emblem as the evolution’s target.