Chapter 960 - Evil God Appears

Chapter 960 – Evil God Appears

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“They are near Stone Forest Town?” Shi Feng fell quiet as he pondered the situation.

He could not remember such monsters in Star-Moon Kingdom in his previous life. This was the first time he had ever seen such a thing.

If they were Mutants, they wouldn’t let any creature live. And they might allow a payer to tag along.

They were somewhat similar to Mutants in that they could grow stronger by killing other monsters and players

Indeed, just as Bloodfang had said, while there was nothing to worry about right now, as the monsters grew stronger, they would become very dangerous.

“Before I sent Bloodsucker to negotiate with you, I sent him to investigate. Based on Bloodsucker’s report, not only was every Field Boss in the area dead, but he couldn’t find a single Common monster either. Moreover, he discovered a similar situation in the nearby Level 60 map,” Bloodfang said. He then shared several pictures with Shi Feng. “Bloodsucker took these images in the Level 60 area. With the monsters’ growth rate, it won’t be long before they’re a threat to Stone Forest Town or NPC towns.”

When Shi Feng saw one of the pictures, he could not believe his eyes.

The originally lush forest had become a scorched land pocketed with craters. Bloodsucker had also captured the corpse of a Level 63 Great Lord that had been over thirty meters tall. The corpse had withered like a mummy.

What was more frightening was that Common monsters stopped spawning in the locations the one-horned monsters had visited. This was the equivalent of crippling an entire map. Although the effects were barely noticeable right now, if this continued, there wouldn’t be any leveling spots left in Star-Moon Kingdom.

“Thank you for your information, Guild Leader Bloodfang. I have some matters to deal with, so I’ll be leaving.” Shi Feng frowned deeply as he finished looking through the pictures. After saying his goodbyes, he retrieved a Return Scroll and activated it.

After Shi Feng transformed into a streak of white light and disappeared, Bloodfang turned towards one of the Dark Guards beside him and commanded, “Tell Bloodsucker to pull out our men from Star-Moon Kingdom and relocate them in the Black Dragon Empire temporarily.”

“Guild Leader, our business is doing relatively well in Star-Moon Kingdom. If we pull out of the kingdom now, we will lose a significant amount of income. Moreover, those monsters are only around Star-Moon City right now. Do we need to be this cautious?” the Dark Guard asked in surprise.

“Do you really think those monsters are that simple?” Bloodfang eyed the Dark Guard. “There’s one thing that I didn’t mention to Zero Wing. I recently received a report from the Thorn Shadow Team, stating that they’ve discovered the one-horned monsters’ whereabouts. Do you know what else they discovered?”

The Dark Guard shook his head.

“Those monsters are currently based in an NPC town in a Level 50 map. They have nested in the town. The previous reports counted less than ten monsters, yet now, there are hundreds. Moreover, the lowest level among them is Level 50, while the highest are over Level 80. With their development speed, something is bound to happen in Star-Moon Kingdom sooner or later. It is best if we bow out now. Don’t forget that every player that those monsters had killed still can’t log into God’s Domain,” Bloodfang said. Chuckling, he continued, “Moreover, I’ve received news that the bastards from the Blackwater Corporation have decided to make their move in Star-Moon Kingdom. It is best that we avoid them for now.”

“What?! Blackwater Corporation has finally joined God’s Domain? Why are they starting with Star-Moon Kingdom?” When the Dark Guard heard Bloodfang mention the Blackwater Corporation, his indifferent expression changed as fear flashed in his eyes.

“I’m not sure. However, my guess is that it is likely due to this new class. After all, throughout God’s Domain, it is the easiest for players to obtain the new class through Star-Moon Kingdom. A batch of players with this new class would benefit their development in the game,” Bloodfang said, shaking his head. “Among the many major corporations, I hate Blackwater the most. They always use unscrupulous means to achieve their goals, and they never follow the rules. Zero Wing will have to rely on its own power to weather this coming storm.”

…

Shortly after Bloodfang issued his command, although the command confused Bloodsucker, he began to move the several hundred Raven members hidden throughout Star-Moon Kingdom, shifting their operations to the Black Dragon Empire. As for Shi Feng, rather than traveling to Blackwing City to purchase the Monster Repellent Scrolls, he visited Star-Moon City instead.

Star-Moon City had visibly changed over the past few days. Many of the players roaming the streets were from other kingdoms and empires, all hawking their weapons and equipment. The city had also experienced an increase of their noncombat players. These players were relatively low-leveled, with some even below Level 20. However, they were all very rich; these people were Merchant players.

In cities, it was extremely difficult for ordinary players to obtain their own Shops. There were also fixed times when players could set up stalls in the free market. As for using the Auction House, the handling fees were too high for ordinary Merchant players. Hence, these players generally peddled their items on the streets. If they found an interested buyer, they would conduct a trade.

Although doing so was somewhat time-consuming and strenuous, every Coin an ordinary player earned counted. Merchant players who dealt weapons and equipment, in particular, could earn a nice income.

After reaching Level 10, Merchant players roamed between various cities and countries, purchasing items from players in one city and reselling those items elsewhere. After all, every city and country’s prices were different. Merchants could earn a lot of money due to this difference.

As these players had chosen the Merchant class, they received a discount on teleportation fees as they traveled across God’s Domain. Moreover, like Lifestyle classes, Merchants were divided into ranks. The higher their rank, the higher their discounts were on teleportation fees.

In the past, many players had earned enough capital from their travels to construct Shops in NPC cities. Otherwise, if one relied on an ordinary combat player’s income, they could never afford a plot of Land, even after a lifetime of saving.

Following which, Shi Feng followed the main street to Grand Duke Hartfield’s mansion.

The NPCs guarding the mansion didn’t stop Shi Feng, allowing him to enter the Grand Duke’s home.

However, Shi Feng had not come here for the Twilight Treasure Chests this time, but for the one-horned monsters.

Shi Feng had not initially recognized the one-horned monsters’ origin. However, from what he had learned from the pictures and Bloodfang, he was certain of one thing.

Those one-horned monsters were somehow related to the Evil God’s Temple.

Across the continent of God’s Domain, abyssal monsters weren’t the only threat to humans. There were other dark powers at play. Among these dark powers, the most dangerous was the Evil God’s Temple. Unlike the War God’s Temple, which specialized in resisting Abyss Invasions, the Evil God’s Temple focused on destroying God’s Domain. Moreover, the temple thirsted for the destruction of all life, unlike the abyssal monsters, who only aimed to conquer.