Chapter 972 - Test Of Strength

Chapter 972 – Test of Strength

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

As Gentle Snow was pushed aside, the middle-aged man quickly stepped forward to speak up. However, before he could do so, Lethal Gale shot him a penetrating glare.

With the one look, the middle-aged man froze.

Even though the middle-aged man knew that players wouldn’t dare attack another in a place like this, Lethal Gale’s sharp gaze had left him petrified. The dense killing intent within that gaze felt as if a blade had been pressed against the middle-aged man’s throat, and if he moved, his head would leave his body.

This is killing intent! Gentle Snow could also feel the frightening pressure that Lethal Gale exuded, and she could not help but stare at the Berserker.

To put it simply, killing intent was a kind of mental suppression.

Although killing intent couldn’t be seen or touched, the human mind could sense the threat of danger. As a person could not perceive the danger with their five senses, the mind employed a self-preservation mechanism, halting the body from making any sudden movements.

It was the same mechanism that was responsible for small animals freezing when surprised.

There was a saying in the real world that looks could kill. Although it sounded like a joke, a person’s gaze could indeed transmit certain signals.

Take wild animals for example. When two wild animals faced off against one another, if one of the wild animals received a ferocious glare from the other, the former would hesitate.

Wild animals were born with much keener senses than humans, so they could pick up on these signals easier.

Normally, it was very difficult for ordinary players. However, for experts who had experienced many life or death situations, their will and instincts had already been hardened and sharpened. Hence, they could transmit more powerful signals, which even ordinary people could pick up on.

Lethal Gale was one such expert. / update by boxnovel.com

However, Gentle Snow had not focused on Lethal Gale due to his killing intent, but rather because his was somewhat different from other gaming experts’. His killing intent was much colder and sharper. Unlike the killing intent other experts radiated, which only served as a warning signal, the killing intent Gentle Snow felt from Lethal Gale showed that the Berserker truly wanted to murder his target. More importantly, the Berserker wore a calm and natural expression while he radiated such killing intent.

The fact that Lethal Gale could do this told her that his hands were stained with real-world blood.

“One should always act on a first come, first served basis. Do the Blackwater Corporation’s people not respect this rule?” Gentle Snow asked as she pulled her subordinate away and glanced at Lethal Gale. Sneering, she continued, “Or do you need me to teach you a lesson in manners?”

Although Gentle Snow’s tone was soft and not particularly loud, everyone who heard her trembled involuntarily.

It seems the rumored Snow Goddess isn’t just a push-over. Lethal Gale thought, surprised by Gentle Snow’s aura. In his eyes, virtual gaming experts did not know what it truly meant to fight and kill. These people were nothing to them, people who had seen hell and walked the boundaries of life and death. However, the aura Gentle Snow radiated showed that she was not one bit weaker than him. He had not expected this revelation. “Sure. Since Guild Leader Snow made the offer, I’m interested to see just how tough you really are. If you can defeat me, my men and I will leave. If I win, however, you will have to wait for us to finish our chat with this gentleman.”

Although Gentle Snow’s aura had surprised him, that was all. In an actual fight, one could only rely on their own skill. He refused to believe that his skills, which he had honed in true battle, would lose to someone like Gentle Snow, was all style and no substance.

Moreover, if he beat Gentle Snow, Abandoned Wave would have an easier time taking over Ouroboros.

Lethal Gale’s companions wore mocking smiles as they watched Gentle Snow. He was absurdly strong. He had even defeated a famous expert from the Dark Night Empire, who ranked 354th on the God’s Domain Experts List. As for Gentle Snow, in the latest update of the Experts List, she only ranked within the top 900. Defeating her would be a piece of cake for Lethal Gale.

“Okay, I want to see just what kind of experts the Blackwater Corporation has nurtured,” Gentle Snow said. She then turned to Shi Feng, and in an apologetic tone, she said, “Excuse me, sir, but will you wait for a little while longer? I’ll finish this match very quickly. We can proceed with the trade once I’m done.”

Blackwater’s people had not initially been looking to cause Shi Feng any trouble. It was only because of her that these ruffians had done so. Hence, it was only right that she deal with this matter.

Trying his best to hold back a chuckle, Shi Feng said in a deep tone, “It’s fine. I am more than happy to watch a good show.”

He had to admit that the Black Cloak was an excellent item for hiding one’s identity. Even as he stood before Gentle Snow, she didn’t recognize him at all. Right now, all she could discern was his gender.

In reality, Shi Feng could’ve revealed his identity and put an end to this match. However, he was curious to see how strong Gentle Snow was.

Both Gentle Snow and Lethal Gale were Level 39 Berserkers. Both wore equipment of similar standards, with both wearing Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment. It was obvious that they both possessed top-tier equipment that could reduce item level requirements. Their weapons were the only difference between them.

Although Shi Feng did not know the quality of Gentle Snow’s silver greatsword, seeing the greatsword gather traces of Mana from the area, it was definitely stronger than a Dark-Gold Weapon. On the other hand, Lethal Gale’s greatsword was slightly weaker. Even so, it was a top-tier Dark-Gold Weapon.

With almost a negligible difference between them, this match would come down to their combat techniques.

Shi Feng had already been observing Lethal Gale. Although he was a Berserker, a class famed for violence, his actions felt light and gentle. It was obvious that his physical control had already reached a very high standard. It was highly possible that he had reached the Refinement Realm.

Refinement Realm experts were considered apex experts in first-rate Guilds. After all, unless one had the benefit of a simulation training system or some miracle, it was extremely difficult to reach the Refinement Realm. Hence, it was quite impressive if a first-rate Guild had a few such experts. As for experts of higher combat standards, that depended on luck.

It was similar to some unrated Guilds’ luck as they saw a Refinement Realm expert arise from among their members. Unfortunately, the probability of such at this stage of the game was extremely small unless the player was also an extremely powerful martial artist in the real world.

As for Gentle Snow, Shi Feng did not notice any sign that she had reached the Refinement Realm. In that case, where was her confidence coming from?

Of course, it was also possible that Gentle Snow intentionally hid the subtle signs. If so, even Shi Feng would not be able to determine her combat standard. He could only confirm his doubts by watching an intense battle.

Once Gentle Snow agreed to the match, they all headed for the Divine Colosseum above White River City.

Hellscythe_ Hellscythe_