Chapter 979 - Strength Gap

Chapter 979: Strength Gap

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 979 – Strength Gap

“What happened?”

“How did those Assassins die?”

“That Skill is so powerful!”

The spectating players on the street were dumbfounded by what had just happened.

Shi Feng’s sword drawing speed was incredibly fast. They hadn’t even seen an afterimage of Shi Feng’s swords. They had barely seen Shi Feng’s arms move, and in the blink of an eye, not only had the Assassins died, but even the distant Berserker was left in a critical condition…

“Is this the strength of Zero Wing’s Ye Feng?”

“So awesome!”

“He’s too strong!”

Experts from other Guilds, who had come to White River City to grind for Reputation, stood among the spectators. Ordinary players might not realize what Shi Feng had done and would assume that he had simply used a system-learned Skill, but as experts, they knew that Shi Feng’s attack was no such thing.

When Shi Feng first used this “Skill,” they had been uncertain. This time, however, they had watched its execution carefully.

No matter what stance a player used to execute a learned Skill, they all had the same starting motions. Moreover, the closer a player’s movements were to the required actions the system had determined, the higher their Skill Completion Rate would be.

However, Shi Feng’s initial motions the second time he executed the “Skill” were different from the first.

Furthermore, how could such a powerful “Skill” be used twice within one second? The skill had also been more powerful during its second use. No matter how they thought about it, this was out of line with God’s Domain’s rules.

The only explanation was that…

This was a combat technique!

The various Guild experts couldn’t help but shudder.

Unlike system Skills, combat techniques were not limited by Cooldowns or other restrictions. Even while Silenced, they could use their combat techniques with normal attacks. The only downside was the burden on a player’s Stamina and Concentration.

Those who attacked using special combat techniques knew that the more powerful a technique was, the more of a burden it had on Stamina and Concentration.

Meanwhile, of the two Assassin experts Shi Feng had defeated, both were Level 39. Both could easily rank among the top of any kingdom’s Ranking List. As for the Berserker Lethal Gale, they were even more familiar with him. After all, he was the Berserker who had dueled Gentle Snow just some moments ago. With Lethal Gale’s combat standards, he could rank highly even among Super Guilds’ experts.

Yet, even when all three players had worked together, they had been beaten so badly…

However, among the watching players, no one was more shocked than Gentle Snow.

Is this really the Ye Feng I know?

She had personally experienced Lethal Gale’s power. If not for her Peak Legacy, there was no way in hell she would have defeated the male Berserker.

In spite of that, Shi Feng had ended the battle in three moves.

Gentle Snow was even under the false impression that Lethal Gale and his Assassins were, in fact, quite weak. She knew that wasn’t true. Shi Feng was just that strong.

Despite such fierce attacks, not only had Shi Feng nullified the attacks, but he had also dealt Lethal Gale and his companions such a devastating blow.

Before this, Gentle Snow had never seen Shi Feng’s true strength. Now, she finally understood that they were no longer on the same level…

“Focus your attacks on Gentle Snow!” Lethal Gale, who looked pitiful, hurriedly commanded as he retreated from Shi Feng. He then took an ancient, black Magic Scroll from his bag. “To think I would be forced to waste this…”

Although it seemed as though both sides had been fighting for a long time, their exchange had only lasted a moment. The NPC guards were still quite a distance away from them. He still had time to use his precious Tier 3 Magic Scroll, Life Seizure.

Life Seizure was a single-target attack Spell that could even severely wound a Tier 3 class. It would be a small matter to instant-kill a Tier 1 player.

As Lethal Gale unfurled the Magic Scroll and began to activate it, a violent vortex of Mana appeared above them. Even a fool could tell that this Magic Scroll was extraordinary.

Lethal Gale’s three remaining companions launched their attacks once more.

“Die!”

This time, their attacks were more vicious. All three hurled over twenty attacks at Gentle Snow.

However, their attacks focused on quantity over quality. After all, even a low damage Skill like Ice Spear could deal frightening amounts of damage to Gentle Snow. In addition, the increased number of attacks would also make it more difficult for Shi Feng to guard Gentle Snow.

“Despicable!” the bystanders cursed at Lethal Gale’s group as they watched.

If this were a fair and proper battle, Lethal Gale’s group would be no match for Shi Feng. However, if Shi Feng were forced to remain by Gentle Snow’s side, the incoming Tier 3 spell would no doubt kill him.

Suddenly, however, Shi Feng appeared beside Lethal Gale, arcs of blue electricity circling his body faintly. Shi Feng then sent a slash at the Berserker, who was invoking the Magic Scroll.

What’s going on?!

Lethal Gale had not predicted that Shi Feng would leave Gentle Snow to the wolves to come for him. However, as he glanced at Gentle Snow, he discovered Shi Feng standing beside the female Berserker…

Lethal Gale wasn’t the only one seeing this. Every other player on the street stared in wonder as well.

“There are two of him?”

“How can there be two of him?!”

“Is it a Doppelganger Skill?”

As everyone tried to figure out what was going on, Lethal Gale’s vision started to fade to gray. Before the shocked Berserker realized it, his HP had fallen to zero.

Such a fast attack!

When Shi Feng had appeared beside him, Lethal Gale saw a blue flash leave the Swordsman’s hand just before he activated Whirlwind Slash to fend off the attack. In the next moment, his body stopped responding to his commands.

As his vision dimmed into darkness, he noticed the Shi Feng before him dissipate into nothing. It was as if the attack hadn’t happened, as if this had all been a bad dream.

Meanwhile, before anyone realized it, another Shi Feng had appeared behind Gentle Snow.

Even more surprisingly, this new version of Shi Feng blocked all twenty-plus attacks aimed at the Snow Goddess. Moreover, when he executed Sword’s Orbit again, it was even more powerful than before. He struck down every Spell and arrow before they had come within ten yards of Gentle Snow…

“How did he do that?!”

Everyone was shocked. Even the Guild experts from other kingdoms and empires were speechless.

Shi Feng was like a ghost, appearing wherever he wanted.

In reality, however, Shi Feng had pushed himself to his very limits to execute this phantasmal attack.

First, he had used Instant Strike to finish off Lethal Gale. He then activated Silent Steps to appear behind Gentle Snow. He had completed these two moves almost at the same time. Later, he executed Sword’s Orbit.

Although Shi Feng appeared calm, he had exhausted most of his Concentration. His head was starting to ache.

“You guys have had your fun. It’s my turn now.” Looking at the three ranged members of Lethal Gale’s party, Shi Feng raised Killing Ray high before swinging it forward violently.

Lightning Edge!

Suddenly, streaks of blue lightning arced across the 50 yards ahead of him. Not only did the arcs of lightning devour the players’ attacks, but the lightning also devoured the players. All three players transformed into particles of light, leaving behind only three items. Not even their corpses remained…