Chapter 975 - Taboo Skill Life Return

Chapter 975 – Taboo Skill Life Return

Although Twofold Berserk could give players the strength to combat existences of a higher Tier, it also had a glaring weakness.

Legacy Berserk Skills all shared the same problem.

And that was the side effects!

Unlike ordinary Berserk Skills, all Legacy Berserk Skills would place its user into a Weakened state once their durations ended.

Moreover, the duration of Twofold Berserk was very short. Even Shi Feng, who possessed one of the Ten Great Saint Legacies, could maintain it for only twenty seconds. Once Twofold Berserk ended, he would fall into a Weakened state for several hours.

However, it was also precisely because of such a drawback that the system allowed the use of Twofold Berserk.

Based on Shi Feng’s estimates, Gentle Snow’s Starlight Saint should have a shorter duration than his Blade Liberation. If she could not finish off Lethal Gale within this period, once her Berserk Skill ended, she would lose without a doubt.

One could say that Gentle Snow was taking a gamble.

Boom!

The collision of the two weapons created a shockwave. The ground under both fighters instantly collapsed as the clear sound of metal clashing against metal echoed throughout the surrounding forest.

Peng!

Half a second later, Lethal Blade’s entire person went flying out of the crater, his body breaking several large trees before slamming heavily into the ground. His HP instantly decreased by over -1,800 as well. The difference in strength between both sides was clear for all to see.

“Flew… He flew!”

“How is she so strong!?”

“Is this the Guild Leader of Ouroboros?”

This scene staggered everyone inside the main hall.

The players who had previously entertained unscrupulous thoughts about Gentle Snow now had shivers running down their backs. Lethal Gale, who had defeated the 354th ranker on the God’s Domain Experts List, actually got sent flying with a single hit. If it were them in the male Berserker’s place, they would’ve gotten killed instantly by Gentle Snow’s lightning-quick attack.

…

“Gentle Snow!” Abandoned Wave’s countenance turned grim when he saw Lethal Gale repulsed.

To him, Lethal Gale losing in a contest of Strength even after activating Beastification was simply inconceivable. This was equivalent to Gentle Snow sending a Great Lord of the same level flying.

…

How is her Strength so high?!

After standing back up, Lethal Gale looked at the rapidly approaching War Goddess in shock.

After activating Beastification, his Strength Attribute could already rival that of a Great Lord of the same level. Coupling it with his Cross Slash, even a Great Lord would be pushed back, not to mention a player.

Despite that, Gentle Snow had managed to send him flying with a single strike—without using any Skills. His mind just could not figure out how this was possible.

However, Lethal Gale did not have the luxury of pondering this. If he did not cope with Gentle Snow’s next attack properly, he might very well lose directly.

In a flash, Gentle Snow appeared before Lethal Gale once again. This time, he no longer dared to clash weapons with the female Berserker. Instead, he chose to take a large step backwards before defending himself with his greatsword.

Peng!

Lethal Gale was forced back once more. This time, however, he only received -400 damage or so. Moreover, the impact of the attack allowed him to pull away from Gentle Snow.

Suddenly, a cat-and-mouse game commenced on the battlefield. Every time the two fighters clashed, Lethal Gale would manage to buy himself some time by sacrificing a small amount of HP.

Lethal Gale was no fool. He knew that Gentle Snow’s current equipment was only slightly better than his. The fact that there was still such a huge disparity between them pointed to just one thing: a difference in Skills. God’s Domain was fair in all things. Such a powerful Skill definitely could not have a very long duration. Hence, all he needed to do right now was drag out the battle. If he managed to last until Gentle Snow’s Skill ended, victory would be his.

He could tell that Gentle Snow had yet to reach the Refinement Realm and was only at the Half-step Refinement Realm; she did not possess perfect control over her own body. Moreover, she was clearly not used to this sudden increase in power since she would expose plenty of weaknesses when she attacked. This was the reason why he could deflect the trajectory of her attacks, dampening the collision of the attacks significantly and taking only a small amount of damage each time.

…

This Lethal Gale fellow really is something.

Shi Feng was slightly surprised when he looked at Lethal Gale successfully deflecting Gentle Snow’s attacks one after another.

Rather than the Refinement Realm, the combat standard the male Berserker was displaying right now already approached the Flowing Water Realm. One could say that he had reached the Half-step Flowing Water Realm.

Players at the Refinement Realm would have precise control over their own bodies. Even in high-speed combat, they would be capable of impromptu changes.

However, just having such a combat standard would not be enough for one to deflect Gentle Snow’s attacks. One also needed to understand the Holy Warrior’s every action and predict her attack trajectories in advance. Only with this would one be able to keep up with Gentle Snow’s superior Attack Speed and turn aside her attacks.

Although it sounded straightforward, experts at the Refinement Realm would find such a feat extremely difficult to achieve.

Had Gentle Snow not activated Twofold Berserk, she really wouldn’t have any chance of victory against Lethal Gale.

…

The seconds ticked by quickly. Ten seconds after the battle began, over half of the terrain of the combat room lay ravaged. At this moment, Lethal Gale was in a very miserable state and only a quarter of his HP remained. Gentle Snow would need just a few more seconds to defeat the male Berserker. U.p..dated by B oxnovel.com

“I have to admit, you are by far the strongest opponent I have faced in battle since I entered God’s Domain. However, I believe your Skill’s duration should be almost up. Originally, I did not intend to use this move. However, I acknowledge that your strength indeed deserves my going all out!” Lethal Gale said excitedly.

Lethal Gale’s HP began recovering rapidly. At the same time, the aura he exuded also strengthened apace.

…

Not good! That’s the Tier 1 Taboo Skill Life Return!

Shi Feng immediately recognized the Skill Lethal Gale used when he noticed a green mist circling the male Berserker’s body along with his growing aura.

As a Tier 1 Taboo Skill, Life Return was very powerful. When activated, the Skill completely recovered its user’s HP within a short period. Moreover, the more HP the user lost previously, the more bonus Strength and Agility Attributes the user would gain—up to a maximum of 600 Strength and 600 Agility.

Six hundred Strength was practically equal to the total Strength of a well-equipped Level 40 Berserker.

With such a massive increase in Strength, even if Lethal Gale’s Strength Attribute was still not a match for Gentle Snow’s, there would no longer be such a great disparity as before. With Lethal Gale’s standards, it would be enough for him to defeat Gentle Snow. To make matters worse, Gentle Snow’s Twofold Berserk was already nearing its end.

…

“Hahaha! Gentle Snow, I admit that you are amazing. Unfortunately, you chose the wrong opponent to go up against!” Abandoned Wave could not help but guffaw when he saw the gloomy expression on Gentle Snow’s face.

Although Lethal Blade had used his final trump card, which would probably impact his future performance in the Dark Arena, being able to thoroughly defeat Gentle Snow now was also a good thing.

…

Immediately, Lethal Gale used Charge and took the initiative to dash towards Gentle Snow.