Chapter 976 - Sudden Kill

Chapter 976 – Sudden Kill

After using the Taboo Skill, Lethal Gale’s Attributes and speed both increased by a large margin.

With the inclusion of the speed boost from Charge, everyone only saw the male Berserker leaving behind an afterimage as he crossed over a dozen yards and arrived before Gentle Snow instantly.

“Die!”

Lethal Gale shouted, a bloodthirsty glint flashing across his eyes. Without even waiting for the Fainted effect of his Charge to settle in, he raised his greatsword and used Beheaded.

Although he took less than a breath’s time to complete this entire process, Gentle Snow still managed to activate a Control Removal Skill and counter the male Berserker’s attack with Chop.

Boom!

Dazzling sparks flew as the clangor of metal resounded throughout the entire forest.

Unlike before, however, Lethal Gale was not sent airborne this time. Instead, he had to retreat just a single step. The impact of the collision also cost him only around 100 HP. To Lethal Gale, who had recovered back to full HP, this loss was barely a scratch.

Although his attack had failed to finish off Gentle Snow, Lethal Gale did not mind one little bit. He had long since figured out how powerful Gentle Snow’s current Attributes were. This first attack of his was merely to gauge how much of a difference there remained between their Strength Attributes.

In a quick follow-up to his attack, Lethal Gale’s body flashed; then he appeared beside Gentle Snow and abruptly swung his greatsword upwards, the massive weapon slashing straight at her blindspot.   U.p. dated by b o x n o v e l. com

As Gentle Snow was still unaccustomed to her greater Strength, the clash with Lethal Gale had thrown her stance off. Hence, her defense was full of holes right now.

Had Gentle Snow reached the Refinement Realm, even with the suddenness of the increase in Strength, she would have been able to control it skillfully. Unfortunately, that was not the case.

Lethal Gale’s greatsword suddenly split into four afterimages, each one striking at one of Gentle Snow’s weak points.

Caught off guard, Gentle Snow no longer had the time to adjust her stance to defend against Lethal Gale’s attacks. In the end, she forcefully used Whirlwind Slash. In the next moment, a silver whirlwind suddenly formed around her. When the four afterimages of Lethal Gale’s greatsword collided against the silver whirlwind, they immediately got dispelled into nothingness. Meanwhile, Lethal Gale himself had to take a step back, giving Gentle Snow a chance to catch a breather.

What a terrifying expert.

After Gentle Snow retreated to a safe distance, she could not help breaking out in a cold sweat when she thought back to Lethal Gale’s previous attack.

The difference between their combat standards was clear for all to see.

Despite her advantage in Strength, Lethal Gale always managed to maintain his stance after receiving her attacks. Moreover, even after his Attributes had increased significantly, he was still able to receive all her attacks without fail, as well as launch attacks from various positions. On the other hand, it was taking her all just to handle her sudden increase in Strength, which made it very difficult to maintain her stance after a direct clash.

Unlike ordinary computer games, fights in virtual reality games were no different from fights in the real world.

In many cases, an attack that one could easily block while in a proper stance would become very difficult to handle if one lost their stance. This was true even with a very normal attack.

Fights between experts were all high-speed battles. Deciding the outcome took only an instant. Losing one’s stance in battle was a fatal matter.

Although Gentle Snow had repelled Lethal Gale, the latter had no intention of letting up on his attacks. He immediately charged at her once more and let loose a barrage of violent strikes.

…

In the main hall, all anyone could see between the clashes of Gentle Snow’s one-handed swords and Lethal Gale’s greatsword were afterimages.

“Is this a battle between true experts?”

For a time, the players in the main hall even stopped blinking, afraid that they would miss out on the moment where victory and defeat were decided.

If it were any other player going up against either of the two fighters right now, most likely, they would’ve already fallen numerous times to either Gentle Snow’s or Lethal Gale’s attacks before they could even react.

…

Inside the combat room, although Gentle Snow seemed to hold the advantage in both speed and Strength, in reality, she was actually at a disadvantage. In order to maintain her combat stance, Gentle Snow kept having to retreat. Otherwise, she would create an opening that Lethal Gale could exploit.

The seconds ticked by slowly.

When Lethal Gale noticed the three pairs of silver metallic wings behind Gentle Snow starting to fade away, one after another, a triumphant smile appeared on his face. At this moment, he could sense that her Strength and speed were both starting to wane.

Will I be able to make it?

Gentle Snow looked at the last remaining pair of wings on her back.

The outcome of this battle was already plenty obvious. With Lethal Gale’s combat techniques, even if she did not enter a Weakened state after Starlight Saint ended, she would still end up losing the battle.

However, she was not willing to simply give up.

From the moment Lethal Gale activated the Tier 1 Taboo Skill Life Return, she already knew just how powerful the Berserker was.

The only reason she had fought desperately up until this point was for this final strike!

When the three pairs of metallic wings generated by Starlight Saint started disappearing, it was not a warning to the user that their bonus Attributes were about to expire. Instead, the moment all three pairs of wings disappeared, the Skill would at last display its true power, releasing its final brilliance.

However, this final power only lasted for one attack.

If Lethal Gale managed to deflect or dodge her attack, her fate would be sealed.

Hence, if Gentle Snow wanted to win, she needed to stay calm like never before. She needed far more precise control over her own body. She also had to push her mental concentration to its very limits. Thus, when her wings began fading, Gentle Snow had deliberately repressed her own Strength to the point where she could control it perfectly. Meanwhile, from Lethal Gale’s perspective, it seemed as if Gentle Snow’s Strength was continuously deteriorating.

Upon seeing the final pair of metallic wings disappear, Lethal Gale immediately used the Tier 1 Skill Energy Slash.

Energy Slash not only increased the power of an attack but also extended the attack range by five yards.

“Six Ultimate Flashes!”

Gentle Snow, on the other hand, had forsaken all her excess power and concentrated the remainder into one final attack.

The collision of swords and greatsword generated a blinding glare, followed by a thundering boom.

Peng… Peng… Peng…

As the glare dissipated, the shrill of metallic armor being pierced echoed throughout the entire forest—as well as the entire main hall of the Divine Colosseum.

Five penetrating cuts appeared on Lethal Gale’s armor. His HP had also instantly fallen to zero.

As for the victor of this battle, Gentle Snow, her complexion looked somewhat pale right now.

The extraordinary concentration she displayed at the final moment depleted her mental strength, so much so that she was on the brink of collapse. With the side effects of the Starlight Saint kicking in, she appeared extremely frail.

The players in the main hall of the Divine Colosseum, however, clamored at this scene.

“It’s over?”

“What happened in that instant!? I didn’t even manage to see anything!”

“Gentle Snow won, just like that?”

“This is a lie, right…?”

“All hail the Goddess!”

Everyone simply could not figure out what had happened in that final moment. Lethal Gale clearly had the upper hand just then and was about to finish her off, yet such a shocking reversal had actually taken place. The tables had turned so suddenly that even Lethal Gale himself did not know how she had defeated him…

With the end of the duel, Gentle Snow and Lethal Gale both walked out of the combat room. Due to their previous agreement, even if Lethal Gale was reluctant, he no longer had the face to look for trouble with Shi Feng at the moment. He could only watch as Gentle Snow slowly walked over to Shi Feng.

…

“Defeated?! Gale was actually defeated?! He even lost while every Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom was watching?!” When Abandoned Wave saw the outcome of the match, he threw the bottle of Witch’s Tear, which was worth 5,000 Battle Points, to the floor. “Immediately notify Gale and the others! Since they’ve embarrassed the Blackwater Corporation, they need to make up for their actions! Have them think of a way to get rid of Gentle Snow within White River City!”

Currently, Gentle Snow’s complexion was pale, and she looked extremely weak. She was clearly suffering the backlash of using that powerful Skill from before. With her in such a weak state, even with the deterrence of the city guards, killing her would be child’s play for Lethal Gale’s party of six.

As long as the Blackwater Corporation killed Gentle Snow inside White River City, they would be able to regain the reputation they lost before in one fell swoop. As for Lethal Gale’s party members getting jailed by the NPC guards, that was irrelevant to Abandoned Wave.

…

“Understood!”

Lethal Gale accepted to the instructions he received without hesitation. A cold glint flashed across his eyes as he shifted his gaze towards Shi Feng and Gentle Snow, who were chatting with each other.