Chapter 980 - Ye Feng'S Deterrent Force

Chapter 980: Ye Feng’s Deterrent Force

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 980 – Ye Feng’s Deterrent Force

Every spectator was shocked as they watched Shi Feng instantly kill three Level 39 expert players.

“What a powerful AOE Attack Skill!”

“Is this Zero Wing’s strength?”

After seeing this, the Guild experts from other kingdoms and empires began to fear Zero Wing.

If Shi Feng decided to ambush their Guilds’ elite teams in the field with such a powerful Skill, the consequences would be unimaginable. He was practically a human cannon. Although he didn’t wield as many AOE Skills as Elementalists, his versatility and mobility surpassed the latter by leaps and bounds.

Currently, due to the emergence of the new class, many Guilds had dispatched their top teams to grind for Merits.

As the top combatants of large Guilds, they had their own pride. Due to that, they didn’t pay any attention to White River City’s ruler, Zero Wing. After all, they were not grinding around White River City. They were simply using the teleportation array within the city.

Once they reached the Twin Towers Kingdom, Zero Wing would lose its the home-ground advantage. If Zero Wing wanted any level of authority in the Twin Towers Kingdom, it would have to rely on its teams’ strength.

However, the strength Shi Feng displayed a moment ago was beyond terrifying. He was fully capable of threatening their progress in the Twin Towers Kingdom. From now on, if they accidentally provoked Zero Wing, they would have to take into account the possibility of Zero Wing’s teams annihilating them.

Immediately, the various large Guilds’ top teams reined in their arrogance and reevaluated their opinion of Zero Wing. They had notified their teams in the Twin Towers Kingdom, warning them to avoid conflict with Zero Wing’s teams as much as possible. Although they had their own experts, fighting Zero Wing would gain them nothing.

Moreover, Zero Wing had another major advantage over the other large Guilds; the teleportation house was located in White River City. Their foreign Guilds did not have a Residence here. They had to foot the additional fee of teleporting from their respective cities to White River City.

Of course, it was a different story for wealthy tyrants like Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds.

Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds had far more powerful backgrounds than first-rate Guilds. It was especially true for their connections. These Guilds could set up a Residence in any city in God’s Domain. After which, they could dispatch their Guild members en masse. Unlike first-rate Guilds, these super powers didn’t need to struggle to obtain Land

This was why the various large Guilds feared Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds.

Not only could these major powers dispatch apex experts to assassinate their Guilds’ upper echelons, but they could also send swarms of elite players to obliterate the Guild members.

…

After Lethal Gale’s party had been annihilated, the NPC guards, who had been rushing to the scene, stopped and resumed their patrols. It was as if the surprise attack had never happened.

As for Lethal Gale’s party, who had initiated an attack within the city limits, they would not escape the system’s punishment just because Shi Feng had killed them. Once they revived in half an hour, the NPCs would arrest them in the Resurrection Temple.

After taking care of Lethal Gale’s party, Shi Feng collected his spoils of war.

Although the weapons and equipment Lethal Gale’s party had dropped were useless to him, they could still enrich Zero Wing’s Guild Warehouse.

After Shi Feng finished with the loot, he caught an advanced horse carriage with Gentle Snow and proceeded towards a high-class restaurant in the Noble’s District. From beginning to end, not a single player had dared to step forward to snatch Shi Feng’s loot. Only after Shi Feng was truly out of sight did these players launch into heated discussions.

…

“What?! Zero Wing’s Ye Feng wiped out Gale’s party?! How is that possible!” Abandoned Wave was dumbfounded as he listened to his subordinate’s report. He could not believe his ears. He then asked, “What about Gentle Snow? Did she die?”

Lethal Gale’s people were one of the top ranking parties among those under his control. Usually, he tasked the party with assassinations and dealing with experts that made themselves a hindrance. Until now, they had never failed a job. They had always triumphed, even against a Void Realm expert.

Field battles were different from PvP competitions. There were many factors that could affect a player’s combat power, not to mention the combat power of a group. Thus, it had been easier to send Lethal Gale to warn away Gentle Snow’s mysterious buyer. If words could not sway the buyer, Lethal Gale’s party would convince the buyer to submit by force.

However, after giving it some thought, this task had been quite dangerous. If he had help from the NPC guards, it wouldn’t be impossible for Ye Feng to annihilate Lethal Gale and his companions.

“Gentle Snow did not die. Gale’s party couldn’t even lay a finger on her before Ye Feng slaughtered them…” the bald, middle-aged man said as he nervously played a recording for Abandoned Wave.

The video clip showed the entire process of Shi Feng wiping out Lethal Gale’s party.

Many curious spectators had recorded the entire battle. This video was already a popular topic on Star-Moon Kingdom’s official forums.

Not only had this incident boosted the fame of Zero Wing’s Ye Feng, but it also made a mockery of the Blackwater Corporation.

Abandoned Wave’s expression darkened as he watched the video. The dense killing intent he radiated could be felt over 30 yards away.

Sensing this killing intent, several strong and talented youths rushed over, asking, “Big Brother Wave, what happened? What has you so riled up?”

Although these youths’ Levels were not high, they were greatly admired by the Divine Colosseum’s regulars.

“It’s nothing!” Abandoned Wave closed the video, enraged. A cold glint flashed in his eyes as he said, “I’ve had to make some minor adjustments to my plans. Although Young Master Jing has told me that there is no need to bother with Zero Wing, if I don’t teach the Guild a lesson, be it Black Flame or Ye Feng, neither will acknowledge the Blackwater Corporation’s power!

“I’ve heard that the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion’s Pavilion Master, Nine Dragons Emperor, has quite a grudge against Zero Wing and has been eager to teach Zero Wing a lesson. You, travel to the Black Dragon Empire and tell Qin Muyun this: If Nine Dragons Emperor wants to deal with Zero Wing, I will lend him a hand. Also, dispatch three parties to trail Gentle Snow. If there is an opportunity, kill her.”

“Understood!”

After receiving his instructions, the bald man rushed out of the VIP room.

…

Inside a high-class restaurant in White River City’s Noble’s District…

Zero Wing’s elite members filled the restaurant. Furthermore, several of Zero Wing’s core members surveyed the area from the establishment’s main hall. The high-class restaurant had become an impenetrable fortress.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng and Gentle Snow chatted with each other on the top floor.

“The Blackwater Corporation is quite eager to take your life,” Shi Feng commented as he gazed out the french windows. From his position, he could see at least eight people stalking the restaurant. While there was a chance that he had earned his own stalkers, it was far easier to believe that these players were hunting Gentle Snow.

After all, the Blackwater Corporation had ambushed her once before. Moreover, Gentle Snow was still Weakened. He wouldn’t be surprised if they tried another three or four assaults.