Chapter 983 - Gentle Snow'S Condition

Chapter 983: Gentle Snow’s Condition

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 983 – Gentle Snow’s Condition

“Guild Leader Snow, feel free to state any concerns,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

Many of Ouroboros’s elite and expert players followed Gentle Snow. If he recruited all of them, it would raise Zero Wing’s overall strength by a large margin.

Although Zero Wing’s member count still wouldn’t compare to a first-rate Guild’s, it would have far more elites than its competition.

There was also Gentle Snow’s potential to consider.

If he could give Gentle Snow access to the Secret Pavilion’s simulation training system, with her talent and his other training resources, it wouldn’t be long before she became a true apex expert. It wouldn’t be long before she surpassed him, either.

What Guild wouldn’t want such an expert?

Moreover, Gentle Snow was different from Fire Dance and Violet Cloud, who lacked management experience.

Regarding management capabilities, only Aqua Rose might be a match for Gentle Snow. Before joining Zero Wing, Aqua Rose had only managed her own subordinates in Twilight Echo. Gentle Snow, on the other hand, had managed Ouroboros. Moreover, her previous Guild had continuously improved. The Guild had even shown signs of surpassing the Star Alliance.

Even if Gentle Snow listed three or four conditions, Shi Feng would likely agree.

Only Shi Feng knew exactly how valuable an expert capable of becoming a Tier 6 God-ranked player was to a Guild.

“After so many years of development, Ouroboros has formed its own perfect expert training system. This was the reason that Ouroboros had ranked near the top among first-rate Guilds. Unlike other Guilds, we could produce our own experts without recruiting or poaching players.

“However, the perfected expert training system had cost my White Clan Group too much. Although I can bring the God Slaying Army with me, I can’t take the training center. The White Clan Group only owns 40% of the training center’s shares, while the other companies own the remaining 60%.

“I want Zero Wing to purchase the training center.”

Gentle Snow’s condition stunned Shi Feng for a moment.

For any Guild in God’s Domain, constructing their own training center was of the utmost importance. This was also why second-rate Guilds couldn’t compete with first-rate Guilds.

The initial cost of constructing an expert training center was already more than what the companies supporting second-rate Guilds could handle. Moreover, even if a second-rate Guild had a training center and established a perfect training system, the upkeep would be astronomically expensive.

Unless a Guild could earn enough to maintain this training system, no Guild or company would be crazy enough to invest in something that would hemorrhage money.

Shi Feng had been contemplating his own training center as well. The Big Dipper Training Center was simply not enough to meet his requirements. The training center did not even have a simple simulation training system. However, as constructing a training center was immensely expensive, he had to tackle this problem gradually.

He had never imagined that Gentle Snow would ask him to purchase Ouroboros’s training center.

He would have been lying if he has said he wasn’t pleased.

With Ouroboros’s training center, Zero Wing could save several years of effort. Unfortunately, there was one big problem.

He didn’t have enough money…

Shi Feng had served as the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild in the past. He had been personally involved in establishing and constructing Shadow’s training center. It had happened shortly after Shadow had officially become a second-rate Guild. Hence, he knew just how much money a training center’s construction required. If not for several major companies in Jin Hai City working together, Shadow’s training center would never have come into fruition.

The cost of the site and machinery was one thing. However, the various simulation facilities and the required energy to maintain them were a different story. Take the fruit of the Secret Pavilion’s research, their simulation training system, for example. Only energy of the highest grade could power this kind of system. Even an inferior simulation system’s daily maintenance cost was enough to quickly bankrupt multiple large companies.

With Zero Wing’s current financial strength, affording its maintenance was impossible, not to mention purchasing it…

“Guild Leader Snow, you must be joking. Zero Wing can’t even afford to operate a training center, not to mention purchasing a perfected one. Even if we could afford it, I doubt that the other companies would willingly sell it. After all, that is Ouroboros’s foundation. As long as the training center exists, the Guild can produce more experts,” Shi Feng said, smiling bitterly.

Zero Wing had started with nothing. It didn’t have the support of any companies. The Zero Wing Workshop in the real world relied on the Guild’s daily income. Moreover, Shi Feng also did not dare to convert in-game resources into Credits casually. More major companies were joining God’s Domain by the day, and the competition was becoming more intense. The resources in God’s Domain were also becoming more valuable.

Converting Coins into Credits would be a devastatingly foolish move.

“I understand that I am being somewhat unreasonable, but now is the best opportunity to buy it.” Gentle Snow was also aware of how expensive it was to purchase a training center. “Although Blackwater has purchased Ouroboros, Ouroboros’s training center is nothing to the corporation. Meanwhile, the training center’s daily operation is a huge burden to those companies. They will try to get rid of it as quickly as possible. If we don’t buy it now, another corporation, that wants to nurture its own experts, will.

“If Zero Wing is willing to buy it, I can try to lower the price as much as possible.”

“I understand. Please wait a moment. I have to contact the Guild Leader about this first,” Shi Feng said, creating an excuse to leave the room.

It would be much more convenient to purchase a training center than establishing his own.

If he purchased it now, he could save himself a lot of trouble in the future. Zero Wing would not have to risk stagnation as Shadow had in the past due to a lack of experts. With the training center, he could nurture a large number of experts rapidly, sending them out afterward to capture and defend towns. He could then use the money and resources these towns generated to sustain the training center.

However, Zero Wing couldn’t gather so much money in such a short timespan.

“Forget it. Let’s give it a try.” After Shi Feng left the room, he contacted Aqua Rose.