Chapter 981 - Difference Between Guilds

Chapter 981 – Difference Between Guilds

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“As expected of the Blackwater Corporation. Despite paying so little attention to God’s Domain when it launched, it has so many powerful experts,” Shi Feng commented.

Prompted by Shi Feng’s remark, Gentle Snow followed his gaze out the window. What she saw, however, surprised her.  U.p.dated by b o x n o v e l. com

White River City was even more prosperous than Star-Moon City. Even in the costly Noble’s District, she could see plenty of players going about their business.

From her vantage point, she had a clear view of what these players were doing, and very quickly, several players caught her attention. Although these players seemed to be chatting among themselves, they occasionally turned to look at the room she and Shi Feng occupied. These were not low-leveled players, either; the lowest among them was Level 38, while the rest were Level 39. Among these experts, a few neglected to hide their auras. Hence, she could feel just how much of a threat these people posed.

If she left the building…

Needless to say, she wouldn’t leave White River City alive.

The Blackwater Corporation had not prepared overmuch for the first ambush. Shi Feng’s presence must’ve also been unexpected. However, the corporation would prepare from here on out.

“Relax. As long as you’re in here, they can’t touch you. If you stay here until you recover from your Weakened state, they will eventually give up and leave,” Shi Feng assured Gentle Snow. On his way here, he had purchased the latest information regarding Ouroboros from the Secret Pavilion. Although the purchase had cost him a pretty penny, he had learned both bad and good news.

He discovered that the Blackwater Corporation now focused fully on God’s Domain. In fact, it had already dealt with the companies that had backed Ouroboros.

To put it simply, Blackwater now owned Ouroboros. Although, it had not yet declared so publicly.

The good news was that he could finally recruit Gentle Snow.

The bad news was that the Blackwater Corporation was not to be trifled with. Among the various international corporations, Blackwater was relatively overbearing. Moreover, the corporation had a powerful affinity for a game like God’s Domain.

Compared to veteran gamers, fighting experts a much higher starting point when they joined God’s Domain. Their lack of familiarity with God’s Domain’s superhuman combat style was the only thing that held them back. However, once they were comfortable with this combat style, they would quickly become experts in God’s Domain with the combat techniques they had learned in the real world.

The Blackwater Corporation had a perfected system to nurture fighting experts. Moreover, after many years of development, it had various dojos around the globe. Given enough time, even Super Guilds would be no match for the Blackwater Corporation.

Even in the past, shortly after the Mind Space System had launched, the Blackwater Corporation had forced itself into God’s Domain.

Although Blackwater had started later than everyone else, it was one of the first corporations to upgrade its own established Guild into a Super Guild.

In contrast, corporations like Open Source could only invest in Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds to establish themselves in God’s Domain. It was simply too difficult to nurture their own expert players, much less apex experts. By the time they did so, their competition would’ve left them in the dust.

When Blackwater had begun to focus on developing in God’s Domain, the game had been operating for over a year. After all, nobody would have imagined that the game would be more popular than fighting competitions, so much so that it had ushered in a new era. In reality, God’s Domain had not only impacted the fighting industry. The various other industries had been affected as well. By then, God’s Domain had become irreplaceable in people’s lives. It was similar to humanity’s introduction to the internet several hundred years ago. After learning about the benefits of God’s Domain, people couldn’t live without it.  U.p..dated by Box Novel .com

Meanwhile, among the affected industries, the fighting industry had suffered the most.

When the Blackwater Corporation had officially shifted its focus to God’s Domain, it had been significantly weakened. It wasn’t even half as powerful as it has been during its peak. Even so, it lorded over God’s Domain a decade later.

Currently, Blackwater was still at its peak, yet it had already shifted its gaze to God’s Domain. With its frightening financial strength and many experts, the corporation was akin to a natural disaster for Star-Moon Kingdom’s Zero Wing. If Zero Wing failed to cope with this disaster properly, it would be nothing more than a stepping stone for the Blackwater Corporation.

“I roughly understand Ouroboros’s current situation. May I ask what you have planned? Is there anything I can with?” Shi Feng asked quietly as he turned to the somewhat dispirited Gentle Snow.

“Blackwater has already obtained the majority of Ouroboros’s shares. Even my White Clan Group cannot change that fact. The only thing I can do now is take as many people with me as I leave Ouroboros and start all over again elsewhere. Would Zero Wing be interested in purchasing any other materials? I can sell them to you at a 40% discount,” Gentle Snow offered as she smiled bitterly. “I also have a few plots of Land in Star-Moon Kingdom that I want to sell; although I am not sure if Zero Wing can stomach so much at once.”

She still intended to continue her development in another city in Star-Moon Kingdom. After all, she understood Star-Moon Kingdom’s situation.

However, after witnessing the Blackwater Corporation’s strength, once it secured Ouroboros, she would seal her fate if she remained in this kingdom. Her only choice was to restart somewhere far from here. As for the Shops and Lands she owned in Star-Moon Kingdom, there was no point in keeping them. The Blackwater Corporation would see to it that these Lands became worthless. Hence, she might as well sell them to fund her relocation.

“Which Lands you are trying to sell?” Shi Feng could not help but ask.

If they were high-potential Lands of a major city, they would become more valuable by the day. He would definitely profit if he purchased them.

“Most of the Commercial Lands I possess are in Star-Moon Kingdom’s top ten major cities. I have a total of eleven plots. I also have three plots in the Black Dragon Empire and two in the Purple Thorns Kingdom,” Gentle Snow said as she handed Shi Feng a list. “Here is a list of the Lands’ cities and locations as well as my quoted prices.”

After Shi Feng took a look through the list, he couldn’t help but sigh inwardly.

Zero Wing was no match for a first-rate Guild. If these were only the Lands under Gentle Snow’s name, one could just imagine how many Lands Ouroboros controlled. On the other hand, despite having so much money right now, Zero Wing struggled to purchase any Lands in major cities. He was even forced to using the Holy City slots to purchase Lands from Super Guilds.

Based on the current market price, the cheapest Land on the Snow Goddess’s list was worth around 3,000 Gold, while the most expensive were worth over 8,000. These Lands had long since doubled their original selling prices.

Based on Gentle Snow’s quoted prices, he would need around 80,000 Gold to purchase all 16 plots. Even Zero Wing could not fork over so much money at a moment’s notice. Moreover, the prices were very reasonable. If anyone else were selling these Lands, he might have to pay an additional 20,000 to 30,000 Gold. Even then, he would have to fight many others to purchase them.