Chapter 982 - The Tip Of The Iceberg

Chapter 982 – The Tip of the Iceberg

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Even to Super Guilds, 80,000 Gold was a considerable amount of money. They couldn’t collect so much money within a short period, much less the smaller Guilds.

Gentle Snow had little hope that anyone could afford to purchase all of her Lands.

She would just sell as many plots as she could. Once she collected enough Coins, she could proceed with the next part of her plan more smoothly.

While Shi Feng = carefully inspected the Commercial Lands, Gentle Snow received a call from Zhao Yueru.

“Snow, the Guild has called an emergency Elder Meeting and has officially announced that Abandoned Wave will be replacing you as the Guild Leader. Aside from the raw materials you have, Abandoned Wave has frozen the Guild’s assets. Furthermore, many of the God Slaying Army’s members have reported ambushes in the fields and outside of Dungeons. They’ve suffered grievous damages,” Zhao Yueru reported, shaking with rage.

The Blackwater Corporation was too vicious.

The God Slaying Army was their asset as they left Ouroboros. The Guild had spent many years nurturing these experts. If these experts came them and they had enough funding, the new Ouroboros could quickly establish a firm foothold in another kingdom.

Initially, hiding the locations of the Army’s members had not been an issue. After all, every member was an expert. With their equipment, killing these players would not be easy.

Now, however, the Blackwater Corporation had somehow recruited an army of its own experts and slaughtered the God Slaying Army scattered throughout Star-Moon Kingdom. The loss of a single level might have been fine, but the lost weapons and equipment was horrendous.

When Blackwater’s experts killed them, the legion members would drop at least two pieces of equipment; some would even drop three items.

The God Slaying Army had been equipped with the best items available in Ouroboros. If several hundred members lost an item each, it would severely wound the army, much less if they lost two or three items. They would need a lot of time to recover from the loss.

Normally, the God Slaying Army could simply replenish their equipment from the Guild’s Warehouse. However, the Blackwater Corporation had already limited their authority. Now, they could not even take a piece of Common Equipment from the Warehouse.

With the God Slaying Army suffering such a blow, rising in another kingdom in a short time would be impossible.

“I understand. For now, have the army’s members be extra careful.” Gentle Snow’s frown deepened after receiving a more detailed report.

Even Ouroboros’s old rival, the Star Alliance, couldn’t kill so many of the God Slaying Army’s members so quickly.

“Guild Leader Snow, you don’t look too well. Has something happened?” Shi Feng asked curiously when he noticed Gentle Snow’s troubled expression.

“I’ve just received news that Blackwater has already begun to exact its revenge. The God Slaying Army that I command has suffered over 700 deaths. Although reports say that they’ve been ambushed by groups of cloaked players, I’m sure that these players are experts from Blackwater,” Gentle Snow helplessly explained, not bothering to hide this fact from Shi Feng. Moreover, it was impossible to keep a tight lid on such a major incident. It was only a matter of time before the truth revealed itself.

“It seems that your victory over Lethal Gale has made the Blackwater Corporation anxious. Otherwise, they’d have no reason to make such an excessive move.” The news surprised Shi Feng.

No matter what was said or done, the Blackwater Corporation had already purchased Ouroboros. One could even go so far as to say that Ouroboros was the Blackwater Corporation.

If news spread of mysterious players slaughtering Ouroboros’s strongest legion on its own turf, it would damage the Guild’s reputation.

“Since Blackwater has already gone to such lengths, I’m betting that even if you leave Star-Moon Kingdom, they will find some way to crush you,” Shi Feng said seriously. “How about this? Invest in Zero Wing and become one of its shareholders. With Zero Wing’s prestige in Star-Moon Kingdom, the fledgling Blackwater Corporation should hesitate before declaring all-out war.”

“This…” Gentle Snow was taken aback upon hearing Shi Feng’s proposal.

The symbol of Ouroboros, which the White Clan Group had created, was incredibly important to her. If possible, she wanted to establish a new Ouroboros. However, if she joined Zero Wing with Ouroboros’s top players, the Blackwater Corporation would shift its focus to Zero Wing.

“If you’re worried about the percentage of shares that you’d control or how your subordinates would be treated, relax. I can give you 15% of Zero Wing’s shares. I’ll also give you 50 core member slots and the power to form the Ouroboros Legion, which will be under your full control. What do you think?” Shi Feng suggested.

“Are you not afraid of the backlash from Blackwater?” Gentle Snow asked Shi Feng seriously. “With Zero Wing’s strength and potential, don’t you think that you’d be suffering a loss by offering me 15% of the Guild’s shares for the little manpower and resources in my possession?”

Zero Wing was no longer the upstart Guild it had been.

Not only did Zero Wing control Stone Forest Town, but it also owned Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one trading firm. Zero Wing was the publicly-acknowledged number one Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom. Even first-rate Guilds were no match for it. There were also many companies and corporations chomping at the bit to invest in Zero Wing. Some major corporations were offering enough to tempt Super Guilds for as little as 50% of Zero Wing’s shares. Unfortunately, Zero Wing had declined every offer, yet Shi Feng had offered 15% of the Guild’s shares to recruit her and her people. No one would believe this if she told them.

In response to Gentle Snow’s query, Shi Feng shook his head and confidently stated, “No. You are worth it.”

Shi Feng’s answer confused Gentle Snow. Even she didn’t believe that she was worth this price, yet Shi Feng sounded strangely confident. Moreover, the look in Shi Feng’s eyes told her that he was not lying.

Gentle Snow also felt a little moved.

After so many years in Ouroboros, her trust had long since ceased to exist, yet she trusted Shi Feng, despite so few meetings with him. Yet, despite only coming into contact with Shi Feng several times before, the man had somehow managed to fill her with trust.

She didn’t know what to say.

If Shi Feng were a fool, Zero Wing wouldn’t have had so much success.

An indistinct feeling made Gentle Snow even more curious about the Guild known as Zero Wing.

After taking a deep breath, Gentle Snow looked at Shi Feng and replied, “Alright, then. I agree to your conditions. However, you have to promise me one thing.”