Chapter 992 - Legendary Difficulty

Chapter 992: Legendary Difficulty

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 992 – Legendary Difficulty

Thoughtful Rain’s resolute refusal gave Fallen Wind a headache.

Ordinary Blade truly knew how to give him trouble.

Thoughtful Rain was a God’s Domain player who had come into contact with virtual reality games just recently. However, when Fallen Wind watched the battle video Autumn Goose sent him, which showed a duel between herself and Thoughtful Rain, a shiver had crawled down his spine.

If not for Autumn Goose telling him about Thoughtful Rain’s situation, he would not have even imagined that God’s Domain was her first virtual reality game. Within just a few months’ time, she had actually managed to grow to a point where she could hold her own against Autumn Goose. Her improvement speed was simply godly.

Compared to Thoughtful Rain, those players who were held up as geniuses in God’s Domain were simply garbage.

Recently, Autumn Goose had been improving very quickly, and right now, her strength already ranked steadily within the top ten of the Wind God’s Spear.

Although the Wind God’s Spear was only an adventurer team, its members were all battle maniacs and extremely proud. Members of the team would frequently spar with each other. They would also often pick fights with members of large Guilds. As a result, their strength increased continuously every day. Rather than passing their time leisurely in God’s Domain, they desperately sought all sorts of means to improve themselves. Hence, ranking within the top ten of the Wind God’s Spear was a challenging proposition, not to mention maintaining a position there.

Yet, when Autumn Goose reunited with Thoughtful Rain after not meeting her for a short time, Autumn Goose had actually lost to Thoughtful Rain, who was significantly weaker than herself before, in a duel. Moreover, when Thoughtful Rain defeated Autumn Goose, it was obvious she had not used her full strength.

Fallen Wind found it truly hard to fathom what heights Thoughtful Rain’s combat power had already reached. However, he estimated that she should be able to rank within the top five of the Wind God’s Spear. In contrast, although Ordinary Stranger was very talented and his improvement speed was very fast, he only ranked within the top 20 even now.

Losing a combatant like Thoughtful Rain would greatly hamper their quest.

Just as Fallen Wind was about to say something, a crisp voice suddenly came from within the mansion, echoing throughout the entire courtyard and making everyone’s souls tremble.

“What a lively day it is today. I never thought that even an important person from the War God’s Temple would be willing to pay me a visit. However, since you’ve already arrived, I’ll have to ask you to remain and head to another world to enjoy.”

After the sound of this voice dissipated, a magic barrier enveloped the entire mansion.

“What’s going on?”

This sudden development threw everyone for a loop, Fallen Wind in particular.

Their quest had tasked them to visit Countess Katie Green of the Black Dragon Empire. The Countess would then bring them to a secret location. However, based on the words she had just spoken, it was clear that she was trying to make them suffer.

While everyone was panicking, Shi Feng remained relatively calm.

It was very obvious to him that the Countess’s words were intended for him. Otherwise, she would not have mentioned “War God’s Temple.”

While Shi Feng and everyone else were thinking of how to deal with their current predicament, their vision immediately filled with darkness. Every one of them transformed into a streak of light and disappeared from the luxurious mansion. It was as if none of them had ever appeared there. The NPC guards patrolling the streets did not even sense the existence of the barrier magic array.

…

“What is this place?”

“Why have my movements turned sluggish?!”

“Commander, I can’t use my Return Scroll!”

“Me too!”

…

As soon as everyone could see again, they discovered that the scenery before them had changed. Their bodies also felt leaden. Many in the team could not help but grow anxious at this situation.

Meanwhile, this sealed space had only a set of open, pitch-black stone doors, a few hundred meters in height, standing right before them. Beyond these doors was a wide and spacious passage, the walls of which boasted countless carvings of Gods and Demons, the images depicting the ancient war between Gods and Demons.

This passage led directly to a towering temple in the distance.

Upon seeing the massive stone doors, a name immediately appeared in Shi Feng’s mind.

The Trial of God!

To players, the Trial of God was an opportunity. It was extremely difficult to encounter one. Previously, Blackie and the others had only managed to enter one due to luck.

However, great rewards also came with great risks.

Maybe it was also due to their luck, but Blackie and the others had encountered only a four-colored trial. It was also precisely because it was only a four-colored trial that they had managed to deal with the challenges and safely clear the Trial of God.

However, the Trial of God before him right now was no four-colored trial.

Generally, players could determine the rank of the trial they were taking through the transfer gate in the outside world. However, after entering a trial, there was still another method to determine its rank.

And that was the size of the Trial Gate.

Trial Gates that were around ten meters tall signified that one was undertaking a one-colored trial, after which came 20 meters, 30 meters, 50 meters, 100 meters, 300 meters, and 999 meters.

Meanwhile, the Trial Gate before them was clearly over 100 meters in height, perhaps around 300 meters in all. In other words, this was a six-colored trial, and its difficulty could rival Legendary Quests.

Shortly after Shi Feng realized that this place was the Trial of God, Fallen Wind and several other experts came to the same conclusion. Immediately, their expressions turned very gloomy.

“Why is it a six-colored Trial of God?” As calm as he was, even Fallen Wind’s mouth twitched involuntarily when he noticed this fact.

The Trial of God was no secret in God’s Domain. With so many players playing the game, there were bound to be quite a few players who had encountered it. As more and more players discussed the trial on the official forums, details about the Trial of God became public.

After the others heard Fallen Wind mentioning the Trial of God, they promptly looked it up on the official forums.

However, once everyone understood what exactly a six-colored trial was, their hearts grew very heavy.

“Commander, what should we do now?” many members of the Wind God’s Spear asked worriedly.

There were only two methods to leave a Trial of God. One was to clear the trial, while the other was to give up on it. There was no third possibility. Those who died inside the trial would be resurrected and forced to continue.

Those who completed the trial would be showered in glory, their strength increasing significantly. However, those who chose to give up would have to pay a heavy price. Moreover, the higher the rank of the trial, the greater the price exacted.

If one forfeited a six-colored trial, the consequences were unimaginable. There was a great chance that their account would be crippled permanently.

Hence, most players who encountered a Trial of God would first determine the trial’s difficulty before deciding whether or not they should challenge or distance themselves from it.

In their case, however, they had been forcibly transported to this place. They did not even have a say in the matter.

To the Wind God’s Spear, if the trial had the difficulty of only an Epic Quest, they would still be confident of clearing it. However, for a Trial whose difficulty approached that of a Legendary Quest, they had no confidence whatsoever that they would succeed.

After taking a deep breath, Fallen Wind said, “Calm down. Since we’ve already entered the Trial of God, what we need to do now is think of a solution to clear it. We don’t have any other choice.”

As soon as Fallen Wind finished speaking, numerous silver-armored knights with glowing red eyes started emerging from the walls of the passage. In the blink of an eye, the entire passage was packed full of knights, every one of them charging towards Shi Feng’s ground.

[Undead Fanatic] (Dark Creature, Elite) Level 50 HP 200,000/200,000

This scene caused everyone’s scalps to go numb.

“Form a defensive formation!” Shi Feng shouted hurriedly.

At this time, everyone finally reacted.

Currently, everyone no longer considered whether they could succeed or not. Instead, they wondered how long they could survive.

When the tide of Undead Fanatics reached the team, the MTs at the front felt greatly pressured.

Despite these Undead Fanatics being Elite rank only, they possessed great Strength. Not only was every one of their attacks capable of pushing the MTs back, but it also caused nearly -1,000 damage even when blocked. With multiple Undead Fanatics attacking at the same time, the MTs lost HP by the thousands. The healers standing at the rear simply couldn’t keep up.

Although everyone from the Wind God’s Spear was doing their best to retaliate, their attacks inflicting several thousand damage to the Undead Fanatics, there were simply too many monsters. No matter how much they attacked, their efforts did not seem to be making a difference.

When the team was close to succumbing, a streak of light suddenly cut across the monsters.

A large number of Undead Fanatics in a cone-shaped area died instantly. Everyone was stupefied by this scene.

At this time, everyone could not help but shift their gaze towards the cloaked Shi Feng, the origin of this phenomenon.