Chapter 995 - Guardian

Chapter 995: Guardian

Translator:

Hellscythe_ __

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 995 – Guardian

“Commander, these Undead Guardians are too close to each other. Even if we lure them over, we’ll have to fight a minimum of three at a time,” Death Wind said, frowning.

While he might be able to hold his ground against a Level 40 High Lord for a short time, he couldn’t handle three. He would be lucky if he did not die instantly. Meanwhile, their team only had two MTs; himself and the team’s leader, Fallen Wind.

However, even an expert like Fallen Wind couldn’t hold off two Undead Guardians simultaneously.

“Starfish, can you handle kiting one?” Fallen Wind asked as he turned to a lean, muscular Ranger.

The Ranger class possessed high Movement Speed. In addition, the class had quite a few Control Skills. Rangers were perfect for kiting monsters.

Starfish happened to be one of the top ranking Rangers in Wind God’s Spear. If Starfish could lure one Guardian away from the team, the MTs could handle the rest.

“If Control Skills work on these monsters, it should be doable,” Starfish said after observing the hall. He had plenty of space to run, so kiting the Undead Guardian shouldn’t be a problem for him.

“I don’t think Control Skills are effective against them. None of our Control Skills worked on the Undead Fanatics. Only the Elementalists’ Ice Walls slowed them down. The stronger Undead Guardians should have the same settings as the Undead Fanatics,” Autumn Goose said.

The other team members agreed with Autumn Goose’s deduction.

Generally, unless a Control Skill were very high-tiered, it would have no effect on Boss-level monsters.

“We don’t have another choice. Use a Tier 2 Summoning Scroll, then,” Fallen Wind said, gritting his teeth.

He had thoroughly prepared to tackle this quest. The Tier 2 Summoning Scroll was one of his trump cards. Unfortunately, Tier 2 Summoning Scrolls were rare, and he had only brought four with them.

Suddenly, Shi Feng offered a suggestion, “No need. I can handle one of them. However, we will need to prioritize killing mine.”

“Are you sure? That’s a Level 50 Chieftain we’re talking about,” Fallen Wind questioned.

As high as Shi Feng’s Basic Attributes were, they should not be higher than a Level 50 Chieftain’s. Moreover, a Swordsman was not an MT. The class’s impact resistance and damage reduction were far weaker than the tank classes.

“I can handle it,” Shi Feng said, shrugging.

“Commander, leave it to Brother Ye Feng. While he might be a Swordsman, he is even more capable as a tank than I am,” the Shield Warrior Death Wind piped in.

During one of their last meetings, he had watched Shi Feng tank a Level 44 Lord ranked Ice Cheetah. A lot of time had passed since that day. Shi Feng’s equipment had definitely improved during this period. He should have no problems tanking a Level 50 Chieftain.

“Alright, I’ll have to trouble you with it, then,” Fallen Wind said. After hearing Death Wind’s confidence and witnessing Shi Feng’s shocking performance earlier, Fallen Wind could not help but believe in Shi Feng.

Once everyone knew their responsibilities, the team began to move.

To start things off, the Ranger Starfish stretched his bow into a full moon and fired three arrows at the Undead Guardians patrolling the staircase’s first layer. Not only did his arrows hit all three Undead Guardians, but the arrows also struck the three Chieftains when they were furthest from the second level. As a result, the attacks had not attracted the second level’s Guardians.

The instant the arrows struck the three Undead Guardians, a damage of around -500 points appeared above each of their heads. Their Defense was frighteningly high.

Aside from the high Defense, these Chieftains were also very fast. When they moved, they were as swift as cheetahs. If not for Fallen Wind using Justice Roar in time, pulling the three Undead Guardians’ aggro, Starfish would not have been able to escape.

As the three Undead Guardians turned towards Fallen Wind, Death Wind used Charge from another side. The Shield warrior then slammed his sword into the nearest Undead Guardian.

_

Peng! _

The sharp sound of clashing metal echoed throughout the hall.

The Undead Guardian had blocked Death Wind’s slash with its greatsword, not receiving a single point of damage. On the other hand, the impact forced Death Wind to retreat by two steps, and a damage of over -5,000 points appeared above his head. The Shield Warrior instantly lost a quarter of his HP.

Everyone watching was appalled.

Among the MTs in Wind God’s Spear, Death Wind’s equipment was only second to Fallen Wind’s. He was also a Level 40 MT, yet not only had the Undead Guardian discovered his sneak attack, but it also had more Strength than any of them had expected.

“Its Strength rivals a Level 40 Strength-based High Lord! And its reaction speed is incredibly high! Melee players, approach it with care! Don’t try to fight it head-on!” Fallen Wind hurriedly shouted.

“Understood!” the melee players promptly answered, tensing.

A Level 40 Strength-based High Lord could kill any class except for plate armor classes instantly, not to mention a Strength-based High Lord with such quick reactions.

In their opinion, Death Wind had timed his attack perfectly, yet the Guardian had still blocked his blade. If they crossed weapons with the Chieftain, they would lose far more than 5,000 HP.

Just before the other two Undead Guardians reached Fallen Wind, a streak of red light struck one of the Chieftain’s sides.

-43,246.

The terrifying critical damage rendered everyone speechless.

Starfish’s attacks had only dealt around -500 damage, yet this attack had inflicted over -40,000.

Moreover, the impact had sent the Undead Guardian flying, its body slamming into the ground.

Instinctively, everyone turned towards Shi Feng, the source of the attack, mixed feelings filling their hearts as they looked at the Swordsman.

_

It’s Magic Resistance sure is high. _ Shi Feng frowned at the Undead Guardian that he had hit.

Others might not realize it, but the Skill he had used was Flame God’s Fury, a Surekill Skill. In addition, his Sacred Sword doubled his damage against Dark Creatures, yet his attack, even after achieving a critical hit, had only inflicted over -40,000 damage. One could just imagine how high the Undead Guardian’s Defense and Magic Resistance were.

Shi Feng’s terrifying damage instantly drew the Undead Guardian’s aggro. Raising its greatsword, the Chieftain leaped into the air and landed before Shi Feng.

Suddenly, crimson flames burst from the Undead Guardian’s originally silver greatsword as it swung the weapon at Shi Feng in a horizontal arc.

Tier 1 Skill, Flaming Cross Slash!

“Crap! This monster actually knows a Surekill Skill!”

Seeing the towering pillar of fire, the other players realized that this was many times stronger than the Berserker’s Flame Slash. They could see how much range the attack had from the height of the flames. This attack was impossible to dodge. Coupling this Skill with the Undead Guardian’s horrific Strength, even an MT like Fallen Wind would be hard-pressed to survive the attack.

_

You want to compare brute force? _ Shi Feng chuckled. He then activated Flame Burst.

Suddenly, the Sacred Sword in Shi Feng’s hand released a blinding light. As if he wielded a miniature sun, he swung Killing Ray at the incoming pillar of fire violently.