Chapter 1001 - Monster Grades

Chapter 1001: Monster Grades

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1001 – Monster Grades

In Blue Bamboo’s opinion, the Undead Commander was terrifyingly powerful. However, for reasons unknown, she felt an indescribable sense of security whenever she stood beside Shi Feng. She always felt like Shi Feng had some sort of solution to her problems.

The Undead Commander’s fighting style resembled the kiting method that players commonly used. It was simply toying with players as if they were random monsters.

This was the first time she had seen a monster use such a combat method.

Hearing Blue Bamboo’s question, the other team members shook their heads and laughed.

Not one among them was an ordinary player. In a large Guild, they would be top-class experts. They had faced plenty of powerful Bosses before.

However, the Undead Commander before them was, without a doubt, the most powerful Great Lord they had encountered so far. Unlike other Great Lords, which were strong in terms of Attributes, the Undead Commander was strong in terms of combat techniques.

Fallen Wind had controlled the Thundercloud Tiger personally. Even if the Thundercloud Tiger could not defeat a Great Lord of the same level, it should have been more than capable of dodging the Boss’s attacks with the combination of its powerful Attributes and Fallen Wind’s operation skills. However, even a Thundercloud Tiger under the control of Wind God’s Spear’s number one player had been helpless against the Undead Commander’s icicle attacks.

At this point, even Fallen Wind felt helpless against the Undead Commander.

Nobody knew more about Undead Commander’s power than him.

The Undead Commander was strong in both Attributes and Skills. Unfortunately, its combat techniques were even more frightening.

Despite him having already reached the Flowing Water Realm, even if he couldn’t control the Thundercloud Tiger as smoothly as his own body, the Tiger’s combat standards should be significantly stronger than most of the team’s experts, yet the Undead Commander had predicted his moves. The icicles had been able to adjust their attack trajectories as if they were alive.

Originally, Fallen Wind had thought he had misunderstood. However, after numerous attack and dodge attempts, he was certain that the Undead Commander had definitely reached the Refinement Realm. He had never encountered a situation like this before.

When he realized this, goosebumps had covered his body.

Aside from cooperation between players and targeting Bosses’ weaknesses, the reason that players could defeat monsters with far superior Attributes was their application of combat techniques. With combat techniques, players could display their true power, something that monsters were incapable of doing.

Yet, the Undead Commander’s combat techniques were stronger than the majority of God’s Domain’s expert players. The Boss this team faced was like a Refinement Realm expert with the Attributes of a Level 50 Great Lord. With such a huge difference, even a team of 1,000 Level 50 players would be child’s play for a monster like this, not to mention their team of 21.

Even someone monstrously strong like Shi Feng couldn’t contend with the Undead Commander. Unless they were all promoted to their Tier 2 classes right now, they had no chance of defeating the Undead Commander.

“While I do have a plan, executing it is a little too costly,” Shi Feng said, frowning at the Undead Commander.

To God’s Domain’s current players, a monster with the combat standards of a Refinement Realm expert might be inconceivable, but Shi Feng had long since grown accustomed to such things.

The monsters and NPCs in God’s Domain were different from those in other virtual reality games. The higher tiered and leveled a monster or NPC was, the more profound their combat techniques would be. Otherwise, once players gained their Tier 3 classes, wouldn’t defeating Great Lords of the same level be too easy?

However, the reality was that, even after obtaining their Tier 3 classes, many players were no match for Great Lords of the same level. Some players even struggled to take down Lords of the same level.

As their levels increased, monsters’ combat standards would improve. Hence, players’ combat techniques were extremely important in God’s Domain.

This was also the reason that Shi Feng was in a hurry to establish Zero Wing’s own training center. Without a sufficient number of experts, even raiding Team Dungeons would be a massive problem, not to mention gaining better equipment.

However, encountering a Level 50 Boss that had reached the Refinement Realm was a first even for Shi Feng.

Generally, ordinary Guilds only had one option when they encountered such a Boss–give up. There were no other options. If one were weaker in both Attributes and combat techniques, what could they expect?

As for large Guilds, aside from zerg-tactics, using a magic barrier was the most common method of dealing with a Boss like this. After suppressing the Boss with a magic barrier, Guilds would bombard the Boss with all sorts of precious tools.

“Brother Ye Feng, do you have a plan?” Fallen Wind turned to Shi Feng, shocked. He even wondered if he had heard wrong.

A six-colored Trial of God’s punishment was no laughing matter. He would rather give up his treasures than submit his people to the system’s punishment.

In response, Shi Feng nodded and asked, “Yes. May I know how many Tier 2 Magic Scrolls you have?”

“Tier 2 Magic Scrolls?” Fallen Wind quickly counted the Magic Scrolls he and his teammates had brought with them. Proudly, he answered, “Altogether, we have a total of 52 Tier 2 Magic Scrolls. Among them, three are Summoning Scrolls.”

In God’s Domain, the most common Magic Scrolls were Tier 0. Tier 1 Magic Scrolls were much rarer, and Tier 2 Magic Scrolls were even more so. Most top-tier 100-man independent teams were lucky if they carried ten Tier 3 Magic Scrolls.

“Fifty-two?” After some thought, Shi Feng said, “Aside from the Summoning Scrolls, hand me your Tier 2 Scrolls. I’ll leave these nine with you. Once I have the Undead Commander’s attention, use them.”

Saying so, Shi Feng handed nine Nine-star Polar Domain Scrolls to Fallen Wind. As an Intermediate Magic Array, the Nine-star Polar Domain could easily suppress a Level 50 Great Lord.

Although Fallen Wind had no idea what Shi Feng intended to do, he handed over all of his Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, keeping the Summoning Scrolls. Since they were going to die anyway, they might as well give it a try. If they succeeded, they would walk away with massive profits.

However, after Fallen Wind accepted the Nine-star Polar Domain Scrolls, he was shocked.

“Intermediate Magic Array Scrolls!?” Fallen Wind stared at Shi Feng, who gradually approached the Undead Commander, in disbelief.

Even Basic Magic Array Scrolls’ value could rival Tier 2 Summoning Scrolls. However, unlike Tier 2 Summoning Scrolls, one needed many copies of a Magic Array Scroll to use it. Even until now, the Wind God’s Spear had only collected half a set of Basic Magic Array Scrolls. They couldn’t use the Scroll’s magic barrier.

As for Intermediate Magic Array Scrolls, they weren’t even available on the market yet. They were so rare that, until now, Fallen Wind had never seen one. They were no less rare than Tier 3 Magic Scrolls, yet Shi Feng had casually pulled nine from his bag. They were even identical….

Even large Guilds couldn’t afford to expend so many, not to mention an adventurer group like the Wind God’s Spear.

The rest of the team was just as shocked when they saw the Intermediate Magic Array Scrolls.

Not only was Shi Feng so strong of his own right, but he also had such precious tools.

Following which, Fallen Wind distributed the Nine-star Polar Domain Scrolls to nine of his team members. He then instructed them to spread out and stand ready.

“There is no need to be nervous. After I damage the Undead Commander, you guys need to close in. Once you reach the maximum range, wait for my command,” Shi Feng said in the team chat after confirming their positions.

“Understood!” The nine people relaxed when they heard Shi Feng’s calm and confident tone.

Once everyone was ready, Shi Feng activated Power of Darkness and Thunder God’s Descent. He then transformed into a blur as he dashed towards the Undead Commander. He was so fast that, before anyone realized he was gone, he was within 50 yards of the Undead Commander.