Chapter 1006 - Attack-Type Domain Skill

Chapter 1006: Attack-type Domain Skill

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1006 – Attack-type Domain Skill

When Shi Feng retrieved the Rainbow Fruit from his bag, he had not bothered to hide its Attributes. The fruit’s fragrance immediately drew everyone’s attention.

After the team members read the Rainbow Fruit’s description, they were rendered speechless.

Compared to the Rainbow Fruit, the fruits Fallen Wind and Thoughtful Rain had obtained were nothing.

In God’s Domain, there were other items capable of permanently increasing a player’s Basic Attributes as well. However, even now, none of them had ever heard of items that could permanently increase a player’s Hidden Attributes.

Players could not put points into the four main Hidden Attributes by simply leveling up.

Yet, the four main Hidden Attributes happened to be extremely important to expert players.

The Wind God’s Spear had gathered in Lake Heart City because of a dangerous quest that might reward a weapon or piece of equipment that would increase a Hidden Attribute.

“I’m afraid that even an above-average Epic Weapon won’t be enough for this Rainbow Fruit.”

“What are you even saying?! If I had a Rainbow Fruit, I wouldn’t trade it for an entire set of Epic Equipment! Those are Hidden Attributes we’re talking about! Moreover, that fruit can increase anywhere from 15 to 40 points! Who knows how many quests we’d have to complete to get that many?”

“Giving the fruit to a Personal Guard wouldn’t be a bad decision either. NPCs are far more powerful than players of the same Level and Tier. If you can increase an NPC’s Growth Potential to Dark-Gold rank, you’d basically have a Boss monster that could grow. Wouldn’t that be even more awesome?”

“Promoting your class to the next Tier is always going to be more difficult than the last. For the sake of one’s future, no matter how I think about it, one should consume the fruit themself. After all, if you are strong enough, would you ever need to worry about getting good items in the future?”

The team discussed the Rainbow Fruit enviously.

Using the fruit on oneself or giving it to their Personal Guard were both good options.

If they tried to claim that they weren’t jealous, they would be lying. However, Shi Feng had already proven that he qualified to own the Rainbow Fruit.

Following which, Shi Feng stored the Rainbow Fruit. He had no intentions of deciding how to use the fruit right now. After all, he was still in the Trial of God. Clearing the Trial of God was still a problem. On the off chance that they failed, wouldn’t he have wasted the Rainbow Fruit?

As for the Epic Treasure Chest he had obtained, it was locked. He couldn’t open it right now as it required 21 Magic Stones.

As for the Dark-Gold Mastery Book, Shi Feng had no intentions of using it right now either. Even if he used it, he wouldn’t gain anything. The Dark-Gold Mastery Book provided anywhere from 50 to 300 Mastery Points. Unless he gained over 100 Mastery Points from the book, he couldn’t upgrade his One-handed Sword Mastery from the Basic Sword King standard to the Intermediate Sword King standard.

The only item left was the Tier 4 Sure-kill Skill, Chilling Field.

Shi Feng had no idea what sort of dangers awaited him. Meanwhile, Chilling Field could increase his combat power significantly, far more than what the Rainbow Fruit right now. After all, the Hidden Attributes would only be useful in the long term. They provided very little short-term gains.

Following which, Shi Feng clicked to learn Chilling Field.

[Chilling Field] Tier 0, Level 1 (Requires 400,000 EXP to upgrade to Tier 0, Level 2) Coverage radius of 30 yards. When activated, user may wield the power of frost within range to attack and defend. Attacks and defenses contain 70% of user’s Strength. Can attack up to 6 targets simultaneously. Main target will receive 160% damage, while other targets will receive 100% damage. All enemies within Chilling Field will suffer a 10% Attribute decrease, 20% Movement Speed decrease, and 10% increased Stamina consumption. When using this Skill, user cannot move from their position. Moving instantly cancels Chilling Field. Duration: 5 minutes Cooldown: 2 hours

It’s already so powerful at Level 1?

Shi Feng was surprised.

He had seen Fire Dance’s Domain Skill, Water Binding. As a Tier 3 Sure-kill Skill, it was considered a pseudo Domain Skill. It simply could not compare to Chilling Field.

Regarding control capabilities, Water Binding was superior to Chilling Field. However, Chilling Field had the absolute advantage regarding offense and defense.

In God’s Domain, Domain Skills were divided into many types. There were attack-types, defense-types, and control-types, among which were more detailed sub-categories such as single-target or AOE attack-types. The same was true for defense-types. To put it simply, all Domain Skills had their own strengths and weaknesses. There was no issue of weak or strong Domain Skills of a particular Tier. It was only a matter of how suitable a Domain Skill was for a player.

Obviously, Chilling Field was an AOE attack-type Domain Skill.

As for Water Binding, it was a control-type Domain Skill that could only affect two targets at a time.

In addition, the EXP required to level Chilling Field was double that of Water Binding. It would not be easy to upgrade it to Tier 4.

However, Shi Feng did not pay too much attention to that right now. Immediately, he upgraded Chilling Field to Tier 1, Level 2. Any further, and his level would fall from Level 44 to Level 43, losing him the effect of the Free Attribute Points he had gained and allocated when he reached Level 44.

When a player’s level decreased in God’s Domain, they would not lose the Free Attribute Points they had gained and allocated from leveling up. Instead, the points would be temporarily inactive. Only after said player recovered the level would the points become effective again. They would not gain new Free Attribute Points when they reached the level for a second time.

After upgrading Chilling Field to Tier 1, Level 2, the Skill’s Attributes underwent an earth-shattering change.

[Chilling Field] Tier 1, Level 2 (Requires 400,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Tier 1, Level 3) Coverage radius of 50 yards. When activated, user may wield the power of frost within range to attack and defend. Attacks and defenses will contain 90% of user’s Strength. Can attack up to 6 targets simultaneously. Main target will receive 260% damage, while other targets will receive 150% damage. All enemies within Chilling Field’s range will suffer a 15% Attribute decrease, a 30% Movement Speed decrease, and 20% increased Stamina consumption. When using this Skill, user cannot move from their position. Moving instantly cancels Chilling Field. Duration: 5 minutes Cooldown: 1 hour, 30 minutes

As expected of a Domain Skill. With this Skill alone, no player of the same Tier and Level will be my match in a one-on-one.

Shi Feng was speechless after reading the Skill’s description.

Only now did Shi Feng understand why players who had learned Domain Skills in the past were practically peerless among the same Tier.

Players of the same Tier without their own Domain Skill had no way of coping with such a Skill. One would only have a chance of winning if they had an overwhelming advantage in terms of Attributes.

If one could upgrade a Domain Skill to Tier 4, even escape would be difficult. Shi Feng had experienced this himself. After all, Domain Skills would no longer restrict the player’s movements after reaching Tier 4.

After Shi Feng learned the Domain Skill, he instructed the team to rest for a few hours. In any case, the Trial of God didn’t have a time limit. He could also use this opportunity to recover from the Weakened state he had earned from activating Twofold Berserk.

After the team recovered and had prepared to challenge the next stage, they approached a massive teleportation array in front of the stone altar. Suddenly, they heard the sound of a system notification.

System: You have completed the first stage. Do you wish to leave the Trial of God? If you leave, you will be teleported out of the trial and will not incur any punishment. If you continue, you will be teleported to the second stage’s individual challenge.