Chapter 1004 - Four-Star Treatment

Chapter 1004 – Four-star Treatment

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Is it dead?”

“Is he really a human!? He actually gave the Undead Commander such a violent beating!”

Everyone stared at the Undead Commander’s ashy remains, astonished.

The Undead Commander was simply too powerful. While inside its Chilling Field, the team had been forced to deal with the icicle attacks. Although the attacks aimed at them were not as strong or fast as those targeting Shi Feng, one mistake could lead to an instant death. They had no leeway to launch their own attacks, either, as it had taken everything they had just to stay alive.

If not for Shi Feng continuous assault on the Great Lord, none of them would’ve survived this ordeal.

An Advanced Title? After sheathing his swords, Shi Feng stared at the system notification before him in shock.

He had intended to save some of his strength to deal with the following Trial of God stages. However, he hadn’t expected the Undead Commander’s Tier 3 Curse. Had he allowed the Undead Commander to finish the Spell, the situation would have been unredeemable.

Hence, with no other choice, he had used Twofold Berserk, suffering a long period of the resulting Weakened state.

Now, however, it would seem that it had been worth killing the Undead Commander with his own two hands.

There were all sorts of titles in God’s Domain, and different titles provided different effects.

Titles were also divided into ranks, with Basic Titles at the bottom, followed by Advanced Titles, Epic Titles, and Legendary Titles. For the majority of God’s Domain’s players, obtaining even a Basic Title was exceedingly difficult. Even so, many players still sought them because of the convenience they offered.

Take the Demon Hunter title for example. It gave Shi Feng the perks of a noble in God’s Domain’s major cities.

There were also titles like the Basic Tyrant title, which increased a player’s combat power.

If even Basic Titles provided such useful effects, there was no need to mention Advanced Titles. Only, obtaining an Advanced Title was far more difficult.

In the past, many large Guilds had willingly offered Epic items in exchange for clues leading to Advanced Titles.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, one of the Ten Great Grandmaster Alchemists, Silent Wonder, had only obtained her unshakable position because of the Advanced Title, Alchemy Inheritor.

Aside from benefiting Lifestyle classes, many players had only managed to complete their Tier 4 class-change due to Advanced Titles.

When Shi Feng had been stuck at the peak of Tier 3, he had similarly sought clues regarding Advanced Titles. Unfortunately, he never found anything.

After all, Advanced Titles were no less rare than Fragmented Legendary items.

Now that he had just obtained one, how could he not be surprised?

Following which, Shi Feng clicked to check the Spirit Slayer’s information.

[Spirit Slayer] (Advanced title) The proof of vanquishing the Immortal. When equipped, this title suppresses nearby Dark Creatures. All Dark Creatures within 200 yards will fear the holder, preventing weak Dark Creatures from approaching. Dark Creatures within 100 yards will suffer a 20% decrease to their Basic Attributes. Holder of the title will also enjoy four-star treatment when interacting with the Adventurer’s Association.

What an amazing title! Shi Feng was breathless when he finished reading the title’s introduction. It’s no wonder why those experts from large Guilds were so desperate for an Advanced Title.

The Spirit Slayer’s suppression effects against Dark Creatures was one thing, but the rise in position one enjoyed with the Adventurer’s Association was over the top.

The Adventurer’s Association’s importance to players was self-evident. The majority of the quests players received were from the Adventurer’s Association. This was especially true for Guild players. As players received and completed more quests from the Adventurer’s Association, they gained more Reputation with the Association.

Only after obtaining 500 Reputation Points would one be considered an official member of the Adventurer’s Association. Before this, players were only outer members. Their status with the Association, and the way they were treated, was average at best. However, after becoming an official member, players received far more benefits.

One of the most obvious changes were the ranks of the quests they could receive. As outer members, players were usually limited to basic quests. Very rarely would they receive advanced quests.

It was common knowledge that more difficult a quest was, the greater were its rewards. After becoming official members, players received plenty of advanced quests. This was also why many independent players had been able to manage in God’s Domain relatively well without joining a Guild.

Also, after becoming an official member, players activated the Adventurer’s Association’s Star-rank System.

Official members started in the one-star position. Only after completing a sufficient number of one-star quests could they challenge the promotion test to become two-star adventurers. Two-star adventurers were the equivalent of Adventurer’s Association’s elite members. Needless to say, they enjoyed far more benefits. Three-star adventurers were equivalent to core members, while four-star adventurers were equivalent to the Vice Branch Association Masters, and five-star adventurers were equivalent to Branch Association Masters in the Adventurer’s Association.

The Branch Association Masters were the equivalent of the War God’s Temple’s Branch Temple Leaders and the Magistrates in major NPC cities.

Meanwhile, the Spirit Slayer title allowed him to enjoy a four-star position in the Adventurer’s Association. In the past, the furthest Shi Feng had gotten was the three-star status. After all, gaining a rank promotion in the Adventurer’s Association took more than completing quests. One also needed to be strong enough to pass the Association’s test.

Now that he was considered a four-star adventurer, even NPC cities’ major nobles would have to treat him with great respect. He could even enter a Palace freely.

Shi Feng was inspired, thinking of new plans for the future.

Although he knew many of God’s Domain’s secrets, uncovering these secrets required sufficient standing and special conditions. Now that he had the Spirit Slayer title, he could do more.

…

As the battle with the Undead Commander came to an end, Blue Bamboo and the other healers began to resurrect the dead.

In the Trial of God, players would not be sent out of the trial upon death. If no healers were available to resurrect them, the system would respawn them at the trial’s starting point after 30 minutes.

While Shi Feng carefully considered his future plans, Blue Bamboo walked over and asked eagerly, “Big Brother Ye Feng, we’ve mostly recovered. Should we activate the Treasure Chest now?”

Now that the Guardian Boss was dead, the magic barrier protecting the Seven-colored Treasure Chest had vanished.

After the long fight to defeat such a powerful Boss, the team was eager to learn what rested in the Treasure Chest that this Boss guarded.

Shi Feng had contributed the most to the Boss’s defeat. The team had also relied on Shi Feng to get this far. Hence, the honor of opening the Treasure Chest fell to Shi Feng. No one disagreed with the decision.

“I’ll open it, then,” Shi Feng laughed.

In reality, it did not matter who opened the Treasure Chest as the Trial of God tested all of them. Unlike ordinary Treasure Chests, which only provided a few items that players were required to share, the Treasure Chests at the end of each stage rewarded each player based on their contribution.

Following which, Shi Feng approached the Seven-colored Treasure Chest and slowly lifted its lid.

A golden light escaped the Treasure Chest. A seven-colored stone tablet then floated up from the chest. As the golden brilliance dissipated, words appeared on the five-meter-tall, seven-colored tablet.

This tablet would evaluate players’ performances in the stage.

Everyone stared, entranced, as the first name appeared on the stone tablet.

Team Leader – Fallen Wind Evaluation: B-rank Reward: One Basic Strength Fruit, one Secret-Silver Mastery Book, and one Fine-Gold Treasure Chest.