Chapter 1005 - Divine Artifact

Chapter 1005: Divine Artifact

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1005 – Divine Artifact

“Holy crap!”

“As expected of the Commander!”

Everyone gasped when they saw their team leader’s evaluation.

Aside from the rarity of a Fine-Gold Treasure chest, the Secret-Silver Mastery Book alone was a treasure that many experts dreamed of.

Players usually only obtained eight Mastery Points every five Levels.

Meanwhile, if players wished to raise their basic weapon damage, they could only do by increasing their weapon mastery. However, aside from the few points they earned when they leveled, there were very few means to obtain Mastery Points. Even Wind God’s Spear’s members, who frequently accepted all sorts of dangerous quests, could only earn one or two Mastery Points from Super-rare Quests or Unique Quests or by obtaining a Bronze Mastery Book if they were lucky.

Hence, even now, they possessed few Mastery Points. Only a few among their adventurer team had reached the Advanced standard[1], which allowed them to deal 20% more weapon damage. Meanwhile, the majority of the team’s Level 35 players were only at the Intermediate standard.

If their weapon mastery reached 150 points, they would reach the Basic Master standard, increasing their weapon damage by 30%.

A Bronze Mastery Book provided anywhere from 5 to 25 points. In reality, however, most of the books only awarded Mastery Points in the single digits. Very few awarded more than 10 points.

A Secret-Silver Mastery Book gave between 20 and 100 points. Even if Fallen Wind were unlucky, he should earn at least 30 or so points. If he were lucky, he might get enough points to raise his weapon mastery from the Advanced standard to the Basic Master standard, gaining a 10% boost to his damage.

“Commander, what are the Strength Fruit’s effects?” Autumn Goose asked curiously.

Seeing as the fruit had been included with a Secret-Silver Mastery Book and a Fine-Gold Treasure Chest, it should be roughly as valuable as these two items.

“Let me take a look,” Fallen Wind as he opened his bag. Examining the Basic Strength Fruit’s introduction, he was shocked. “This fruit can actually raise its consumer’s Strength Attribute permanently!”

[Basic Strength Fruit] Upon consumption, player permanently gains anywhere from 5 to 20 points in the Strength Attribute. A maximum of 5 Basic Strength Fruits can be consumed.

“This reward is so awesome!”

Everyone’s jaws hit the floor when they saw the fruit’s introduction. Tier 1 players only gained 8 Free Attribute Points with each level-up. Upon consuming the Basic Strength Fruit, a player could gain at least one level’s worth of Attributes.

The team’s gazes shifted back to the floating tablet, anticipation filling their eyes.

Shi Feng was also slightly surprised. He had never imagined that the Seven-colored Treasure Chest’s rewards would be this abundant. Moreover, that had only been a B-rank evaluation…

The system’s evaluations were not fast. After Fallen Wind’s name, evaluation, and reward were displayed, it took quite some time before the next person’s name appeared.

Death Wind Evaluation: C-rank Reward: One Mysterious-Iron Mastery Book, and one Secret-Silver Treasure Chest.

Gunfire Evaluation: C-rank Pass Reward: One Mysterious-Iron Mastery Book, and one Mysterious-Iron Treasure Chest.

…

Autumn Goose Evaluation: C-rank Excellent Reward: One Mysterious-Iron Mastery Book, and one Fine-Gold Treasure Chest.

Thoughtful Rain Evaluation: C-rank Peak Reward: One Basic Intelligence Fruit, one Mysterious-Iron Mastery Book, and one Fine-Gold Treasure Chest.

The system was quite meticulous in its evaluations. The majority of the team’s players only received C-rank Pass evaluations. Among the 20 players who had been evaluated thus far, only two had received fruits.

Although these players were slightly disappointed by their evaluations, they still watched the stone tablet.

Currently, only Shi Feng’s evaluation remained unknown. However, even after a long time, the system still evaluated his performance.

“With his performance, he should get an A-rank evaluation at the very least, right?”

“That is my guess as well. He might get an A-rank Excellent or even Peak. I wonder what kind of rewards he will get?”

“If the reward for B-rank is a Fine-Gold Treasure Chest, the reward for A-rank should be a Dark-Gold Treasure Chest.”

“Ever since I started playing God’s Domain, I’ve never seen a Dark-Gold Treasure Chest. I have heard that Dark-Gold Treasure Chests have a chance of containing Epic items. If I had an Epic item, I could brag to my friends in the real world for an entire year.”

…

Everyone looked forward to seeing Shi Feng’s evaluation and rewards.

Finally, after five minutes, the stone tablet displayed the name “Ye Feng.”

Ye Feng Evaluation: S-rank Peak Reward: One Rainbow Fruit, one Dark-Gold Mastery Book, one Epic Treasure Chest, and one Skill Book for the Tier 4 Sure-kill Skill, Chilling Field.

“S Peak?”

“What?! An Epic Treasure Chest?! I actually got to see the rumored Epic Treasure Chest!”

“This is too much for my heart to take!”

The rewards Shi Feng had earned stupefied everyone. In their opinions, an A-rank evaluation was already out of their reach. They had never dreamed that Shi Feng’s performance would earn an S-rank evaluation. The difference between their strengths was truly massive.

Even Shi Feng was a little surprised.

He had heard of S-rank evaluations before. However, he never imagined he would, one day, obtain such an evaluation. Moreover, his rewards were abundant.

The Skill Book for Chilling Field was already enough to drive countless Tier 4 and Tier 5 players crazy. After all, Domain Skills could only display their true potential at Tier 4. Meanwhile, the Domain Skill Fire Dance had learned was not even close to Tier 4. It was only considered a half-baked Domain Skill.

Moreover, Shi Feng had personally experienced just how powerful the Chilling Field Skill was. If not for the Undead Commander being a Great Lord and capable of only displaying the standards of a Tier 3 class, they wouldn’t have had any chance of victory.

This is the rumored Rainbow Fruit?

Shi Feng opened his bag to examine his rewards, his heart pounding furiously.

The Rainbow Fruit was the size of an apple. However, it radiated the dazzling seven-colored light. The fruit was soft like jelly. Just by holding it in his hands, Shi Feng could smell an intoxicating scent from the fruit.

The Rainbow Fruit was a Divine Artifact in God’s Domain. It was far rarer and more valuable than even the legendary Fruit of Life. It was one of the fruits that provided the largest boost to a player’s Attributes. Shi Feng had only read about the Rainbow Fruit in books. He had never actually seen one before.

He never considered that he could obtain one in the Trial of God.

[Rainbow Fruit] A fruit that has absorbed the power of God. Upon consumption, players can obtain a permanent increase of anywhere between 15 to 40 points to all of their Basic Attributes and Hidden Attributes. EXP gain will also increase by 10%. and death penalty will be reduced by 10%. In addition, the Rainbow Fruit can be given to an NPC. When consumed by NPCs, the fruit will significantly increase their Attributes and Growth Potential. A maximum of 3 Rainbow Fruits can be consumed.

What an intense boost!

Shi Feng’s jaw hung open after he read the introduction.

It’s no wonder why the books called it a Divine Artifact!