Chapter 1002 - Effects Of An Advanced Combat Technique

Chapter 1002: Effects of an Advanced Combat Technique

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1002 – Effects of an Advanced Combat Technique

“So fast!”

“Even the Thundercloud Tiger wasn’t that fast!”

“Was he not using his full strength before?”

Everyone was stunned by the afterimages that Shi Feng left behind. With such speed, getting a lock on Shi Feng would be difficult, not to mention hitting the Swordsman with ranged attacks. Even the speed-type High Lords they had encountered before were not as fast as Shi Feng.

“The Undead Commander is making its move!” Autumn Goose grew nervous when the Undead Commander suddenly opened its eyes.

Shi Feng’s ability to damage the Great Lord would decide the fate of this raid.

If he could hit the Great Lord, he could pull the Boss’s aggro. With this, everyone else would be safer while deploying the Nine-star Polar Domain. On the other hand, if Shi Feng failed to hit the Undead Commander, there was a good chance that Boss would target the nine scroll-wielders as they approached. They would be especially vulnerable when they activated the Magic Array Scrolls.

Generally, when players activated a magic array to suppress a Boss, they would attract the monster’s attention. If one of the scroll casters died, their efforts would be for naught.

Previously, when Fallen Wind had controlled the Level 50 Thundercloud Tiger, he had not been able to deal a single point of damage. Although Autumn Goose thought highly of Shi Feng, she felt a horrific aura that nearly stopped her heart when the Great Lord opened its eyes.

She stood well over 100 yards away from the Undead Commander, yet fear took over her body when the Great Lord’s gaze fell upon her, and her instincts screamed at her to run. The pressure felt as if she were facing a Grand Lord rather than a Great Lord.

Autumn Goose wasn’t the only one who felt like this. The other team members also felt a powerful sense of impending doom.

Suddenly, the Undead Commander turned to Shi Feng. It waved one of its hands towards the Swordsman.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Instantly, five massive icicles sprouted from beneath Shi Feng’s feet. Treating Shi Feng’s ghostly speed as if it were nothing, the Undead Commander accurately pinpointed Shi Feng’s movements.

Of the five icicles, three limited Shi Feng’s range of activity, while the remaining two attacked the Swordsman directly. Without suspense, the icicles pierced through Shi Feng’s body. The entire process happened in the blink of an eye.

“How is this possible!?” Fallen Wind couldn’t believe his eyes.

The Undead Commander’s attacks had not been this accurate when against the Thundercloud Tiger. When it had attacked, it had left plenty of space of the tiger to maneuver. Now, however, Fallen Wind could not find any loopholes in the Great Lord’s attack.

Seeing the Undead Commander’s glimmering green eyes, Fallen Wind suddenly felt as if he had been toyed with.

The Undead Commander had not used its true strength yet.

“No, Ye Feng is still alive,” Thoughtful Rain firmly stated as she watched the two icicles where Shi Feng had been.

“That’s not possible, right? Those icicles hit him. There is no way he is still alive after that kind of damage,” Autumn Goose said as she shot Thoughtful Rain an odd look. She couldn’t understand Thoughtful Rain’s determination.

“Look at the team’s status window,” Thoughtful Rain explained.

“What? How is he unharmed?” Everyone was surprised when they looked at the team’s status window. As Thoughtful Rain had said, Shi Feng was still alive. In fact, his HP was full.

As the team members wondered what had happened, the Undead Commander began to gesture with its hands rapidly.

Icicles shot from the ground, one after another. The Great Lord’s attack rate much faster than it had been against the Thundercloud Tiger. After a moment, the originally barren terrain had transformed into a forest of ice, yet the Undead Commander’s gestures didn’t stop. It was even starting to retreat.

“Can anyone tell me what is happening?” Blue Bamboo asked, watching the Boss with wide eyes.

All she could see is the Undead Commander launch random attacks, filling the battlefield. She refused to believe that such a powerful Boss had suddenly lost its mind.

While the other team members wanted to answer Blue Bamboo’s questions, they didn’t know what was going on either.

“Brother Ye Feng is fighting the Undead Commander. Only, our eyes can’t perceive him,” Fallen Wind said uneasily.

As they were relatively far away, he couldn’t see the battle clearly either. However, based on the Undead Commander’s movements, he could tell that the Great Lord could sense Shi Feng.

“I get it! He’s using Void Steps!” Thoughtful Rain declared. After hearing Fallen Wind’s explanation, realization dawned on her.

Void Steps was a footwork technique that only Zero Wing’s core members had an opportunity to learn. It was also the specialty technique of Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame. However, this advanced footwork technique was complex. Even now, she didn’t even understand a fraction of the technique.

“Void Steps?” Thoughtful Rain’s explanation confused the players from the Wind God’s Spear.

Even Autumn Goose felt as if she and Thoughtful Rain lived in different worlds. Hadn’t she been the one to guide Thoughtful Rain in the past…?

Following which, Thoughtful Rain explained the footwork technique as best as she could.

“What?! Zero Wing’s core members get to learn an advanced technique like that?!” Wind God’s Spear’s members were flabbergasted.

To them, learning combat techniques was a dream. They had no access to that kind of training. And yet, in Zero Wing, the Guild’s core members were handed the opportunity to learn such powerful maneuvers.

Wind God’s Spear’s members suddenly envied Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo.

To battle maniacs like them, nothing was more tempting than improving their combat standards. Even Legendary Weapons and Equipment were not as valuable as Void Steps in their opinion. After all, weapons and equipment were external. As long as one was strong enough, they would, sooner or later, obtain these items. However, combat techniques were a different story.

As everyone from the Wind God’s Spear admired Thoughtful Rain and Blue Bamboo, the Undead Commander stilled its hands abruptly. It unsheathed the two swords from hits waist and appeared to swing one of them at empty air.

Boom!

Suddenly, the clang of metal on metal echoed throughout the battlefield — the resulting shockwave unbalanced Fallen Wind and the others from over 100 yards away.

Meanwhile, a figure appeared where the Undead Commander had aimed its attack.

This figure was none other than Shi Feng.

Isn’t its Strength a little too high?!

Shi Feng was inwardly shocked.

He had used Parry to block the Undead Commander’s attack. Although he had not received any damage, the sturdy stone floor beneath him had shattered. The shock of the impact had also numbed his hands.

The Undead Commander had far more Strength than a Level 50 Great Lord should have. Based on Shi Feng’s estimation, it has as much Strength as a Grand Lord at the very least.

Fortunately, he had activated Power of Darkness before engaging the Boss. Without the boosted Attributes, he would have been dead on the floor.

However, he had achieved his goal.

“Scram!” Shi Feng then launched Dragon Breath at the Undead Commander.

A beam of silver light devoured the Great Lord. Caught by surprise, the Undead Commander failed to evade the attack and received over -30,000 damage. Moreover, he had triggered Dragon Breath’s knockback effect, shoving the Undead Commander back by ten yards.

Following which, Shi Feng took a silvery-gray, dilapidated Magic Scroll from his bag.

The instant he unfurled the Magic Scroll, the surrounding Mana flow froze.

Tier 3 Magic Scroll, Mana Seal!