Chapter 1003 - Advanced Title

Chapter 1003: Advanced Title

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1003 – Advanced Title

After seeing the Tier 3 Magic Scroll in Shi Feng’s hands, the green flames in the Undead Commander’s eyes flared. It could obviously feel the threat from the Mana Seal as it raised its swords and slashed forward.

Numerous icicles emerged beneath Shi Feng’s feet dense enough that dodging them was nearly impossible.

However, predicting the move, Shi Feng activated Defensive Blade and fended off the attacks. He then began to chant the scroll’s incantation.

As Shi Feng finished the final verse, more than a dozen small, silver magic arrays appeared around the Undead Commander, surrounding the Great Lord. Although the Undead Commander tried to escape the encirclement, silver chains shot out from the magic arrays that bound the Undead Commander.

As the chains tightened around the Undead Commander, its Chilling Field vanished.

“Move!” Shi Feng shouted in the team chat.

The Tier 3 Spell, Mana Seal, could only Silence one target. Although its effects wouldn’t last long against a Great Lord, it should be able to hold out for four or five minutes.

At Shi Feng’s command, everyone snapped out of their daze. The nine people wielding the Nine-star Polar Domain Scrolls rushed to surround the Undead Commander before activating their scrolls simultaneously.

Immediately, the surrounding Mana surged towards these nine people, forming a purple-gold magic array beneath each player’s feet.

“Rawrr!”

Sensing the battle’s shift, the flames in the Undead Commander’s eyes raged. It turned to charge towards the closest caster.

“You’re too late!” Shi Feng smiled as he pointed the Abyssal Blade at the Undead Commander.

Abyssal Bind!

Nine pitch-black chains emerged from the ground and bound the Boss.

Although the Great Lord tor the chains like paper, they still managed to delay the Undead Commander. The brief moment allowed the magic arrays to merge, forming a golden magic barrier.

Seeing the Nine-star Polar Domain, the Undead Commander released an angry roar. However, no matter how much it struggled, its Attributes decreased rapidly under the magic barrier’s suppression.

In the blink of an eye, the Undead Commander’s maximum HP had fallen from 27,000,000 to 12,000,000. The Great Lord’s Attributes had been reduced by more than half.

“Isn’t this magic array a little too strong?!” These players were nearly speechless.

They had seen large Guilds use magic arrays to suppress Field Bosses before. Generally, a Basic Magic Array was considered relatively powerful if it could reduce a Great Lord’s Attributes by 20%. However, the Nine-star Polar Domain had weakened the Undead Commander by over 50%. Moreover, this magic array only required nine people to activate. Compared to the Nine-star Polar Domain, the magic arrays they had seen before were nothing but garbage.

Although their team had sacrificed nine members to maintain the magic array, the Undead Commander was now significantly weaker. Even the Shield Warrior Death Wind could tank the Great Lord, not to mention the Guardian Knight Fallen Wind.

“Use all of your Tier 2 Summoning Scrolls! Have the summoned creatures tank the Boss! Everyone else, attack from the sides!” Shi Feng hurriedly commanded while he dodged and blocked the Boss’s attacks.

Although the Undead Commander had lost over half its Attributes, it still had a Great Lord’s Strength. Even after activating a Berserk Skill, Shi Feng received over -1,000 damage when he blocked the attacks. Moreover, this was after he had redirected a portion of the attacks’ power. Otherwise, he would have taken over -2,000 damage.

“We’re using the scrolls now? Isn’t that wasteful?” Some of the team members were reluctant.

“Stop talking nonsense and use them!” Fallen Wind shot his team members a glare.

Some had begun to think that they could rest easy. However, Fallen Wind knew that this was far from true. The real battle was just beginning.

The Undead Commander’s Attributes and Skills were indeed powerful. However, what made this boss truly powerful was its combat standards. Even though the Great Lord’s Attributes had been reduced, its Basic Attributes were still far higher than players’. It was more than capable of relying on its techniques to slaughter them.

Following which, three Tier 2 summoned creatures were summoned and charged at the Undead Commander.

Despite all three summoned creatures being Level 50 Lords, when they reached the Undead Commander and launched their attacks, the Undead Commander dodged two of them effortlessly. As for the third, the Undead Commander struck its vital points and sent it flying, devouring over 20,000 of the summoned creature’s HP instantly.

Everyone’s jaws dropped.

“Why is it still so strong?” Autumn Goose was a little dumbfounded.

Not only had the three summoned creatures failed to damage the Undead Commander, but one of them had also taken damage. At this point, she started to doubt that their summoned creatures Lords.

Although the three summoned creatures hadn’t inflicted any damage, they had affected the Great Lord’s actions slightly. This gave Shi Feng an opportunity to strike the Undead Commander’s joints, dealing a critical blow.

-12,216!

It seems that this is quite effective.

Shi Feng smiled when he saw this damage.

Although the summoned creatures hadn’t performed as well as he had expected, they still alleviated his burden. In addition, the other team members bombarded the Undead Commander, whittling down the Great Lord’s HP.

80%… 70%… 60%…

Everyone’s attacks were well organized. The more they fought, the more confident they became.

Time passed quickly. When the Undead Commander’s HP fell to 30%, the Great Lord’s wicked laugh echoed in the players’ ears. Green flames then covered its body, and the Mana-sealing chains binding it shattered, one after another. Sensing the Mana leaking from the Great Lord’s body, everyone shuddered.

The Undead Commander’s Chilling Field once again flooded the battlefield. Unfortunately, the Chilling Field was also more powerful than it had been. Everyone’s Attributes instantly fell by 30%, increasing the gap between the players and the monster before them.

“Give it everything you’ve got!” Fallen Wind knew that this was the crucial moment. Immediately, he used the Berserk Skill Power of Judgment.

Power of Judgment was a Berserk Skill unique to Guardian Knights. Upon activation, it increased the user’s Defense by 200% and Strength and Endurance by 100%. However, it only lasted 90 seconds and had a long, 10-hour Cooldown.

The rest of the team also activated their Berserk Skills, using this opportunity to close the gap.

Unfortunately, their actions bore minimal effects.

As the Undead Commander madly brandished its swords, one icicle after another exploded from the ground. With one wave of attacks, the Great Lord had claimed a life. The players maintaining the Nine-star Polar Domain also received splash damage. Nobody could get near the Undead Commander.

At this moment, Shi Feng activated Wind Rider, dodging the Undead Commander’s icicle attacks as he retrieved Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, activating them swiftly.

Unlike the other team members, he wielded a Sacred Sword. His damage with Magic Scrolls doubled against Dark Creatures.

As the Tier 2 Magic Scrolls activated, horrific damages in the tens of thousands appeared above the Undead Commander’s head. Unfortunately, the Great Lord also claimed one player’s life after another.

By the time Shi Feng had used all the Tier 2 Magic Scrolls Fallen Wind had given him, the Undead Commander only had around one million HP remaining. However, aside from the members maintaining the Nine-star Polar Domain and Shi Feng, only four players still lived. These four were Fallen Wind, Autumn Goose, Thoughtful Rain, and Blue Bamboo. All four had very little HP left. If not for Blue Bamboo activating Power of Darkness and increasing her healing capacity, they, too, would have long since succumbed to the icicle attacks.

Suddenly, Shi Feng’s Power of Darkness came to an end.

Possibly because it had realized the players were at their wit’s end, the Undead Commander began to chant an incantation. A giant magic array then appeared above the battlefield.

Isn’t this the Tier 3 Curse, Frozen Hell?

Seeing the magic array in the air and sensing its power, Shi Feng recognized the Undead Commander’s Spell immediately, his expression darkening.

Why does it know a Tier 3 Curse?

When Fallen Wind and the others sensed the magic array’s power, they knew that they were doomed.

Shi Feng then threw caution to the wind as he activated both Heavenly Dragon’s Power and Blade Liberation. He also activated Instant Strike, appearing before the Undead Commander and sending a violent blow down on the Great Lord’s head.

Boom!

When the streak of blue light struck, the attack planted the Undead Commander’s face into the floor, creating a small crater beneath it.

-126,718!

Not only had Shi Feng’s attack triggered Killing Ray’s Lightning effect, but his powerful damage had also interrupted the Great Lord’s casting. However, Shi Feng was far from done. Streak after streak of blue light passed through the Undead Commander’s fallen body. Although the Great Lord tried to defend itself with its icicles, the blue lights shattered the frosty lances.

By the time Instant Strike ended, the Undead Commander had less than 200,000 HP remaining.

“Die!”

Lifting Killing Ray high, Shi Feng used Flame Burst on the heavily damaged Undead Commander. Fifteen dazzling flames devoured the Undead Commander, burning it until nothing was left except for its suit of golden armor.

System: Congratulations! You have killed the Immortal. Rewarding the Advanced Title “Spirit Slayer.”