Chapter 1013 - Epic Personal Guard Quest

Chapter 1013: Epic Personal Guard Quest

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1013 – Epic Personal Guard Quest

When Shi Feng heard the system notification, he was dazed for a long moment.

He had never thought that he could obtain an Advanced Title like this.

It was already difficult to obtain a Basic Title, let alone an Advanced Title. Now, just by spending 1,400 Gold, not only had he dealt with the eyesores in the city, but he had also earned himself an Advanced Title.

No one would believe this.

In the past, many large Guilds had willing spent over 10,000 Gold for an accurate clue that led to an Advanced Title, not to mention the method of obtaining one.

City Protector?

While Shi Feng was relatively familiar with the Basic Titles throughout God’s Domain, his understanding of Advanced Titles was quite shallow. After all, Advanced Titles were extraordinary. Nobody would casually reveal information about them.

[City Protector] (Advanced Title) A hero that has protected the city from the dark forces’ influence. Wielder enjoys the benefits of a major noble in every human city. At the same time, Personal Guards can accept one Epic Quest per week. In addition, Personal Guards receive a 5% increase to quest success rate.

As expected of an Advanced Title, it actually allows my Personal Guards to pick up one Epic Quest each week!

Shi Feng could not help his surprise.

Personal Guards’ development speeds depended on the quests they accepted from the Adventurer’s Association. The higher the quest’s rank was, the better the EXP and items it would award.

However, there were not many Personal Guard Quests to choose from in the Adventurer’s Association. Even Dark-Gold Quests only appeared about once a week, much less Epic Quests. One would be extremely lucky if they picked up an Epic Quest once a month.

If his Personal Guards could complete an Epic Quest once a week, their improvement speed would be unimaginable. They also had a 5% success rate.

Even if he allowed Dark-Gold Guards like Kite and Anna to challenge a Dark-Gold Quest, their success rate was only 50%. If they were very well equipped, their success rate could top out at 80%.

As Shi Feng understood it, even extremely well-equipped Dark-Gold Guards only had a 30% chance of completing an Epic Quest. Otherwise, ordinary Dark-Gold Guards only had a 20% chance for success. As for Fine-Gold Guards, even with top-tier equipment, they’d be lucky if they had a 10% success rate.

Hence, the City Protector title’s 5% increase to his Guards’ quest success rate was amazing.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng immediately replaced his Spirit Slayer title with the City Protector title. He then summoned Kite and Anna to his side.

Both Kite and Anna had leveled up significantly after some time away from Shi Feng. The last time he saw the two NPCs, both were only Level 60. Now, however, both had reached Level 65.

Meanwhile, Aqua Rose and Fire Dance, who stood beside Shi Feng, were shocked upon seeing Kite and Anna.

“How are they so strong?” Aqua Rose asked curiously.

She had long since become a Viscount of White River City and could recruit her own Personal Guard. After mobilizing the Guild’s strength and Shi Feng’s guidance, she had managed to recruit a Fine-Gold Guard. Moreover, this Fine-Gold Guard was a Guardian Knight, which was an excellent match for her class. She had been overjoyed when she found this Personal Guard.

After that, she had spared no effort to nurture her Personal Guard, helping the NPC accept all sorts of high-ranking quests. Her Personal Guard had only recently reached Level 60. Who knew how many more quests the NPC had to complete to reach Level 65? However, the NPC was already considered very high-level. After all, the Personal Guards that other Guilds’ upper echelons recruited were usually around Level 55 to 58. In terms of strength, those Personal Guards were nowhere near a match for hers.

Yet, right now, not only had both of Shi Feng’s Personal Guards reached Level 65, but the NPCs’ auras felt like that of two Level 65 Great Lords. Aqua Rose felt as if she were suffocating in their presence.

After summoning his two Personal Guards, he spent 200 Gold for both of them to accept an Epic Quest together.

The Adventurer’s Association’s Epic Personal Guard Quests could be completed by more than one person. Moreover, by forming a party, the Guards’ success rates increased. However, only Personal Guards that belonged to the same player could form a party. Multiple players’ Personal Guards could not form parties together.

With both Kite and Anna challenging the Epic Quest, the displayed success rate had increased substantially. Including the benefits from Shi Feng’s title, their current success rate was 37%. That percentage was high enough to excite many players, but Shi Feng was not satisfied.

Although a 37% success rate seemed relatively high, Shi Feng knew that Kite and Anna might only succeed one of five attempts, rather than the theoretical one-of-three. However, these NPCs could only accept one Epic Quest each week. In other words, it could take five weeks for Kite and Anna to complete one Epic Quest.

To Shi Feng, who started in God’s Domain with nothing and had not had the support of any corporation, this efficiency wasn’t favorable.

It seems that I’ll have to use it.

Shi Feng opened his bag and looked at the Rainbow Fruit that sat quietly inside.

As a Divine Artifact, the Rainbow Fruit could increase a player’s potential, setting a sturdy foundation for challenging their Tier 4 and Tier 5 promotions. The boost might even help with one’s Tier 6 promotion. After all, the four major Hidden Attributes were incredibly important. It was extremely difficult to increase any of those Attributes by one point, not to mention improving all four by 15 points or more.

However, using the Rainbow Fruit to nurture a near-invincible Personal Guard was also not a bad idea.

In the past, despite Kite’s Growth Potential of 92 points, he had been practically invincible among Tier 5 classes. Only Tier 6 God-ranked players could take him down a notch.

If Shi Feng nurtured a Tier 6 Personal Guard, he could stroll through God’s Domain unhindered. However, getting an NPC to Tier 6 was far more difficult than getting a player to Tier 6. It was not a problem that could be solved with money alone.

Luck, opportunity, and strength were all necessary to raise a Personal Guard to Tier 6.

Kite’s potential is at 94, while Anna’s is at 96. Although Anna is no match for Kite in a head-on fight, it will be safer to let Anna use the fruit.

After giving it some thought, Shi Feng decided to let Anna consume the Rainbow Fruit.

After Anna ate the fruit, the room’s Mana grew rampant.

However, this phenomenon was different from a high-tiered Spell. It felt as if someone were deliberately controlling the surrounding Mana. Right now, various elemental Mana had come together to form a seven-colored mist that rapidly melded with Anna’s body.

Soon, the seven-colored mist formed a giant cocoon that enveloped Anna. The mist flashed, again and again, releasing a seven-colored radiance and a frighteningly powerful aura with each burst. Shi Feng paled in the face of this mighty aura, and even moving a finger was difficult. As for Aqua Rose and Fire Dance, they were as stiff as statues. They could not move whatsoever.

If not for them being in the VIP hall on the Adventurer’s Association’s second floor with a magic array separating them from the outside world, Shi Feng did not doubt that every player in the Association would have been thrown to the floor.

After a minute passed, a crack formed in the seven-colored cocoon. When the cocoon shattered, Anna slowly emerged from within. However, unlike before, Anna seemed to have dominated elemental Mana. The surrounding Mana could not help but submit to her.

Was it a success?

Shi Feng anxiously examined Anna’s statistics.