Chapter 1018 - Master Forger

Chapter 1018: Master Forger

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1018 – Master Forger

There were many kinds of armor kits in God’s Domain.

However, few armor kits were suitable for high-tiered players. The Advanced Mana Armor Kit was one. Armor kits suited for high-tiered players also had another name.

Extraordinary Armor Kits!

While armor kits such as the Intermediate Mana Armor Kit and the Cast Steel Armor Kit were acceptable for Tier 1 and Tier 2 players, to Tier 3 players and above, the Attributes those armor kits provided were simply too pitiful to the point of being negligible. After all, as players reached higher tiers, they received far more Free Attribute Points with each level.

At Tier 0, players received four Free Attribute Points with each level, while at Tier 1, they received eight points. After reaching Tier 2, however, players would receive 15 points. The difference was obvious at a glance.

Because of this, the earlier players completed their promotion to a higher tier, the more of an advantage they had. If a player completed their Tier 1 class promotion three or four levels later than others, they would have fallen behind by over ten Free Attribute Points. This gap would widen if the same situation occurred at Tier 2 and beyond.

This was where the Extraordinary Armor Kits came in.

Even among Extraordinary Armor Kits, the Basic Attributes the Advanced Mana Armor Kit’s Basic Attributes were on the higher end of the spectrum. Hence, many high-tiered players preferred these.

It seems my luck is quite good. The Attribute increases are all above the standard.

Shi Feng was very satisfied with the Advanced Mana Armor Kits he had forged.

[Advanced Mana Armor Kit] When Physical Armor Kit is equipped: Defense +600 Strength increased by 3%, Endurance increased by 4%, Agility increased by 3%. Maximum binding limit per character: 3 Cannot be bound to Level 40 equipment or below.

When Magical Armor Kit is equipped: Defense +240 Intelligence increased by 3%, Endurance increased by 4%, Vitality increased by 3%. Maximum binding limit per character: 3 Cannot be bound to Level 40 equipment or below.

When three kits were equipped, they would increase each of a player’s Basic Attributes by roughly 10%. This was a considerable increase for ordinary players, not to mention expert players, who wore full sets of excellent equipment.

A 10% increase to a player’s Basic Attributes could increase one’s combat power by roughly 20% to 30%.

With such a huge boost to combat power, a player with three Advanced Mana Armor Kits could easily defeat a player possessing the same combat standards, weapons, and equipment, who did not have any armor kits equipped.

Hence, many high-tiered players would flock to purchase the Advanced Mana Armor Kits.

What a pity.

Shi Feng felt a twinge of sadness as he looked at the Advanced Mana Armor Kits he had produced.

Although the Advanced Mana Armor Kit was very good, its flaws were obvious. These armor kits took significantly longer to produce than the Intermediate Mana Armor Kits. Moreover, only he could produce them. Its production volume was fated to be low. He’d be lucky to produce enough for Zero Wing’s core members.

At most, he could use the Advance Mana Armor Kits to attract players to the Candlelight Trading Firm. These kits were not profitable products right now.

Following which, Shi Feng waited for an hour to pass before he used another 500 units of Life Force to activate God’s Blessing, continuing to craft the Advanced Mana Armor Kits.

Once Shi Feng had made 100 armor kits, he switched to forging the Magic Light Set Equipment.

While the Advanced Mana Armor Kit provided a powerful increase to a player’s Attributes, its true purpose was to help high-tiered players. To current players, its increase was extremely limited. After all, current players’ Basic Attributes were still relatively low. Compared to the armor kits, the Magic Light Set Equipment was far more valuable to current players.

As a Level 50 Fine-Gold Set Equipment, the Attributes it provided were far superior to a Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment. The set’s total Attributes could even put a Tier 1 Set Equipment to shame.

Although Shi Feng had obtained the Magic Light Set Equipment Forging Design, he had been an Advanced Forger; he hadn’t been confident of successfully forging the Level 50, Fine-Gold Set Equipment. Only after reaching the Master rank was he confident of succeeding.

If a player could equip the Fine-Gold ranked Magic Light Set as soon as they reached Level 50, aside from players who owned multiple Epic items, they would surpass every player of the same level. If the Magic Light Set were Dark-Gold rank, even a player with multiple Epic items would be no match.

Moreover, players were not necessarily required to reach Level 50 to equip the Magic Light Set. As long as they possessed weapons or equipment that reduced level requirements, they could equip the set below Level 50. This was one of the benefits of owning Epic or Growth-type Equipment.

Shi Feng possessed the Seven Luminaries Ring and the even more powerful Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, which decreased item’s level requirement by 5 and 10 Levels, respectively. Shi Feng was currently Level 44. He was fully capable of equipping the Level 50 Magic Light Set right now.

There were also a few players within the Guild that possessed weapons, equipment, or tools that lowered level requirements. Although none of those items were as impressive as the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, they still enabled their owners to equip the Magic Light Set before reaching Level 50, gaining overwhelming Attributes.

Shi Feng was incredibly pleased.

Following which, Shi Feng went into action. While he had been in the Trial of God, the Candlelight Trading Firm had purchased plenty of Emeralds in Emerald City. He had more than enough to make numerous Magic Light Sets.

Aside from the Emerald requirement, which was a powerful Mana conductor, the Magic Light Set also required Mana Stones.

Hence, Shi Feng took out a pile of Magic Crystals and began his Alchemical Synthesis.

After the one-hour Cooldown of God’s Blessing ended, Shi Feng stood before a large mound of Mana Stones. He then activated God’s Blessing once more and began to forge the Magic Light Set Equipment.

Compared to the Advanced Mana Armor Kit, forging the Magic Light Set was significantly more difficult. Even with his various tools, Shi Feng barely managed a 45% success rate. He needed roughly three attempts to produce a complete set. However, Shi Feng was satisfied with this result. If any other Master Forger attempted to craft the set, they’d be lucky if the achieved a 35% success rate. Rather than producing one set out of three tries, they should thank the high heavens if they produced one set out of five tries.

Forging one complete Fine-Gold ranked Magic Light Set required 18 Mana Stones. Meanwhile, 50 Magic Crystals were needed to synthesize one Mana Stone. According to Magic Crystals’ current market price, each Magic Light Set would need 225 Gold’s worth of Magic Crystals. With the other materials, crafting the Magic Light set was abhorrently costly.

If an ordinary Master Forger tried to forge the set, their production cost would be well over 1,000 Gold. There were not many Guilds throughout God’s Domain who could afford such a steep price.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had a sufficiently high success rate. When he was lucky, he could forge one set every two tries. With his normal luck, he produced one set in three tries. By crafting these himself, Shi Feng saved hundreds of Gold.

After three hours, maybe due to his high Luck Attribute, he produced a total of five Magic Light sets with his nine attempts. As for the remaining four sets, they were defective products at Secret-Silver rank. Even so, he could still make decent money from these defective products. After all, once players reached Level 50, Secret-Silver Set Equipment would still be relatively rare. Even Guild elites would generally wear Level 50 Mysterious-Iron Equipment.

As Shi Feng had nothing better to do while he waited for God’s Blessing’s Cooldown, he took out the Epic Treasure Chest he had obtained from the Trial of God.

He hadn’t carried any Mana Stones on him while he had been in the trial. Now that he had a pile of them, he could use this opportunity to open the Treasure Chest.

The last Epic Treasure Chest Shi Feng had opened had surprised him. It was especially true for the Beastmaster’s Compendium. Now that he had obtained another Epic Treasure Chest, Shi Feng grew nervous. Silently, he began to pray.

Please don’t be an Epic item! Please don’t be an Epic item!

Epic items were the most worthless items one could obtain from an Epic Treasure Chest. The truly valuable items were designs and recipes.

Following which, Shi Feng sacrificed 200 units of Life Force and activated Divine Providence, instantly increasing his Luck by 70 points. He then activated the Epic Treasure Chest.