Chapter 1026 - Top Ten

Chapter 1026: Top Ten

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1026 – Top Ten

Alluring Summer fell silent at Aqua Rose’s words.

Others might not know why she had started playing virtual reality games, but Aqua Rose knew her end goal.

“I know how that person is doing. I’m still nowhere near his strength. However, I recently accepted a Hidden Class Quest. If I can complete the quest and obtain a hidden class, I might have a chance of catching up in the future,” Alluring Summer said seriously. “I believe that you are familiar with his standards. Can you say with certainty that I can surpass that person by joining Zero Wing?”

Before she arrived in Star-Moon Kingdom, she had researched Aqua Rose’s Guild thoroughly.

She had to admit that it was miraculous that a small, unknown Guild had grown to become Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild in such a short time.

However, Star-Moon Kingdom wasn’t much when compared to the whole of God’s Domain. There were hundreds of kingdoms. Star-Moon Kingdom was only slightly above average kingdom. Meanwhile, empires stood far above kingdoms.

Based on what she knew, there were other small, unknown Guilds that had taken control of entire kingdoms. There was even a third-rate Guild that dominated an empire, though said third-rate Guild possessed an extraordinary background.

On the other hand, Zero Wing had yet to take control over Star-Moon Kingdom fully. Among the many rising small Guilds in the game, it merely ranked among the top; it did not rank number one.

Furthermore, the recently-established Blackwater Guild was an extremely tough opponent for Zero Wing. In the real world, the Blackwater Corporation had begun to gather all sorts of resources. It was clear that the corporation planned a major move in God’s Domain to seize some of the shares in God’s Domain’s market.

As an international corporation, the amount of resources the Blackwater Corporation wielded was beyond imagination. Even without any tricks, it could easily defeat first-rate Guilds.

To put it bluntly, Zero Wing was having a hard time staying afloat right now. How could the Guild possibly help her improve?

When Alluring Summer had expected Aqua Rose to hesitate and fail to answer her question confidently, Aqua Rose revealed a dauntless smile and responded, “If you work hard enough after joining Zero Wing, I assure you that you will achieve your goal.”

If Alluring Summer had asked this question in the past, she wouldn’t have been so certain.

After all, she knew full well how powerful Alluring Summer’s target was. It was not just a matter of being strong. That person was on an entirely different level. Only someone as talented as Alluring Summer could dream of surpassing such a person. As for herself, she had only been able to look up to him.

However, things were different now.

In the past, she had been barred from that person’s world. However, thanks to Shi Feng, she was beginning to enter it. With Alluring Summer’s frightening talent, it was incredibly likely that she would surpass that person in the future.

Hearing Aqua Rose’s resolute answer, Alluring Summer was stunned.

If Aqua Rose were not her best friend, she would suspect the woman of some trick.

Seeing Alluring Summer’s hesitation, Aqua Rose took a deep breath and said, “I understand your thoughts. How about this? Join Zero Wing. If you think remaining in Zero Wing won’t help you reach your goal, I’ll ask the Guild Leader to let you go personally. How about it?”

In reality, she had not asked Alluring Summer here only because she wanted to add her strength to Zero Wing, but also because she wanted to help her friend realize her dream.

Firstly, she planned to recruit Alluring Summer as a Zero Wing core member and expose her to the Guild’s training. This was the greatest concession she could offer right now. After all, Zero Wing was not hers. She could not selfishly offer the Guild’s resources to an outsider.

“Really?” Alluring Summer asked warily.

She knew that as players were given access to more resources in a large Guild, they would be bound by more restrictions. It was impossible to up and leave for no reason. Take Aqua Rose for example. If not for the Sun and Moon Group position as one of Twilight Echo’s major shareholders, she wouldn’t have been able to leave the Guild so easily.

“Don’t you believe me?” Aqua Rose rolled her eyes at Alluring Summer.

“These are your words. Don’t regret them later. If I sense that there is no point to remaining in Zero Wing, I won’t hesitate to walk away,” Alluring Summer stated seriously.

“That’s fine,” Aqua Rose said, smiling bitterly. “If you don’t have any other issues, sign this contract. Once you sign it, you’ll be one of Zero Wing’s core members and can enjoy all of the benefits that come with the position.”

Alluring Summer then read the system-approved contract. Indeed, as Aqua Rose had said, the conditions were lax. She could leave the Guild anytime she wanted. However, she would not be permitted to share any information relating to Zero Wing with others. Otherwise, she would be banished from God’s Domain.

Alluring Summer understood the clause. After all, every Guild had its secrets. After finding no faults with the contract, she signed at the bottom.

After Aqua Rose confirmed that the Main God System had acknowledged the contract, she sent her friend several battle videos.

“Since you’re a core member, you are allowed to learn from these. As for how much you learn, that depends on you. If you wish to enhance your learning speed, you can fight for the Hundred Berry Wine. If you want to improve your strength quickly, you can also apply to join Zero Wing’s training grounds in the real world. There are dedicated experts there to offer pointers. If you rank within the top ten in Zero Wing’s rank matches, you may apply for the black card. With that, you can train in the simulation training system.”

“Black card? What’s that?” Alluring Summer could not help but ask.

“I’m not allowed to offer any concrete information. You can only learn more if you rank among the top ten in the matches,” Aqua Rose said, chuckling.

She had been using the black card Shi Feng had sent her. She had never dreamed that Shi Feng would get his hands on something so valuable. Before this, she had not realized how frightening Super Guilds were. Despite her previous participation in a Super Guild’s training camp, she felt like she was learning about Super Guilds for the first time.

During the several days she had spent in the Secret Pavilion’s training system, she had improved significantly.

“Don’t be so stingy. Do you think that I can’t rank among the top ten with my strength?” Alluring Summer curled up her lips into a sneer.

“I believe that you can in the future. However, you won’t make it in the upcoming rank matches,” Aqua Rose said, shaking her head.

“Aqua, do you think that I used my full strength against those bastards on the street? I’m not trying to brag, but if I used my full strength, very few people in Zero Wing could stand against me,” Alluring Summer said, annoyed.

She had experienced many hardships in the Storm Empire. She had even disguised herself and defeated many well-known experts. Among them, some were even top-tier experts ranked on the God’s Domain’s Experts List. With her standards, aside from Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds, she would easily rank at the top of any of any large Guild.

“I knew you would say that. However, take a look at these videos. Once you’re done, you’ll understand what I mean,” Aqua Rose said, not bothering to explain further. “If you still think that you’re strong enough, I will find someone to spar with you. If you can defeat that person, I’ll help you apply for a black card immediately. What do you think?”

“These are your words, not mine. Don’t regret them.”

Seeing Aqua Rose’s resolution, Alluring Summer decided to humor her friend, and she started to watch one of the videos she had been given. She was curious to find out what gave Aqua Rose such great confidence.