Chapter 1025 - Recruiting The Mage God

Chapter 1025: Recruiting the Mage God

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1025 – Recruiting the Mage God

After the auction for the Advanced Mana Armor Kit ended, news of the Candlelight Trading Firm’s plans to hold a large-scale auction spread like wildfire. It quickly became the hot topic throughout Star-Moon Kingdom.

“Zero Wing is so amazing! I never thought that it would even sell Bronze Mounts! I have to collect enough money to join the auction myself!”

“Stop dreaming. Those are Bronze Mounts we are talking about. Even large Guilds only have a few. If Zero Wing really intends to sell them, independent players like us won’t be able to afford their price.”

“Even if I can’t afford it, visiting the auction is still be a good idea. I heard that, aside from the Bronze Mounts, they’ll be selling rare items.”

…

The majority of the players eagerly anticipated the Candlelight Auction in four days. Even if they could not buy themselves a Bronze Mount, they would be more than satisfied with a good weapon or piece of equipment.

As the public disregarded this as just another normal auction, God’s Domain’s various large Guilds immediately took action, secretly gathering funds.

To ordinary players, the most attractive item up for auction was the Bronze Mount. To large Guilds, however, the entrance slots to the Holy City of Titan and the Advanced Mana Armor Kits were far more important.

The entrance slots were particularly valuable to Super Guilds. After all, they had the master Lifestyle players that other Guilds did not. Only, these Lifestyle players had yet to familiarize themselves with God’s Domain’s Lifestyle system. As long as these players had enough resources, they would easily become true Master Lifestyle players.

With Super Guilds’ expansive network of connections, they could easily earn a ton of Coins with these Master Lifestyle players’ advanced products.

Hence, when the various Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds heard the news of Zero Wing selling the Holy City’s entrance slots, they immediately began to gather funds.

…

“As I expected of the number one Guild of Star-Moon Kingdom… to think Zero Wing still had such a move.” Singular Burial could not help but laugh when he read the report his subordinate had sent.

Others might only see Zero Wing holding a simple auction, but he knew the true value of the Holy City’s entrance slots. Those slots would attract a large number of super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds. There was also the Advanced Mana Armor Kit to consider.

A 10% increase to one’s Basic Attributes was no trifling matter. If one could equip a 100-man expert team with the Advanced Mana Armor Kits, raiding large-scale Team Dungeons would be much easier. This was especially true for Level 50 large-scale Team Dungeons.

As the saying went, “once ahead, always ahead.”

Level 50 was a major turning point for God’s Domain’s players. If a Guild compiled a stock of Level 50 top-tier equipment ahead of its competition, when the time came, the Guild’s experts could complete their Tier 2 class-changes ahead of others as well.

“Guild Leader, what should we do? If we let Zero Wing move unhindered, by the time the auction is over, they will resolve their funding problem.”

“It doesn’t matter. We’ll proceed as planned. Fog and her group should finish constructing the magic array in less than four days. Even if Zero Wing collects enough Coins, it will be powerless to change the situation. Collect some money for the auction. We need to join in on the fun as well.”

Singular Burial was not worried about Zero Wing making a comeback with the Candlelight Auction. Heaven’s Burial and Blackwater had already prepared to take down Stone Forest Town. No matter how hard Zero Wing struggled, nothing would change.

…

Inside the Candlelight Trading Firm’s VIP guest room:

The seven-story Candlelight Trading Firm was at least the equivalent of a ten-story building in the real world. On the top floor, one could see the beauty of White River City past the french windows and the ant-sized players wandering through the streets.

In White River City, aside from the Candlelight Trading Firm’s 3-star Shop, no building offered such scenery. Most of the high-class restaurants throughout the city were at most three stories tall. Even NPC- and other player-owned Shops were not as tall.

Alluring Summer, who currently sat by the french windows, glanced at the city before turning back to Aqua Rose and saying enviously, “Aqua, you really are getting by a lot better than I am. After not seeing each other for some time, your strength has improved so much. What have you been doing recently? You couldn’t be training deep in the mountains, right?”

Aqua Rose had hidden her level during the scuffle on the street. After entering the VIP lounge, however, she had no reason to.

Level 44!

When Alluring Summer saw this, her eyes nearly fell out of their sockets.

She had barely reached Level 41 after encountering several miracles and spending most of her time cooped up in her home playing God’s Domain, yet Aqua Rose, who was busy as Zero Wing’s Vice Guild Leader, had managed to reach Level 44. It was truly inconceivable.

Alluring Summer could clearly remember that, when Aqua Rose had resided in the Storm Empire and one of Twilight Echo’s Honorary Elders, the woman’s level and equipment had been on par with hers.

If she had lost to her friend only in levels and equipment, she wouldn’t have minded. The biggest issue was that Aqua Rose had also improved her combat techniques. Coupled with the woman’s equipment, she was not confident that she could defeat Aqua Rose right now.

“What are you talking about?” Aqua Rose covered her mouth and grinned.

She had known Alluring Summer since she was young as their families were friends. However, Alluring Summer was a far more talented gamer than herself. Due to that, this woman had always bullied her. Now that Alluring Summer had said such a thing, the little vanity inside her was quite satisfied. She felt even happier than when she had defeated the Star Alliance.

“Who do you think you’re trying to fool?! Look at that smile on your face!” Alluring Summer rolled her eyes at her friend. Eagerly, she asked, “Speak! What have you been doing recently?! How did you improve so quickly?!”

“Alright, alright! I’ll talk!” Aqua Rose nodded. “To be honest, I’ve asked you here for a reason. I’m sure that you have heard about Zero Wing, even in the Storm Empire. I invited you here today to ask you to join Zero Wing.”

“Join a Guild?” Alluring Summer shook her head straightforwardly and said, “Forget it. I’m used to moving alone. I hate being bound by Guilds’ restrictions more than anything. Don’t even try to persuade me. I refuse to join any Guild.”

“Don’t you want to improve your combat techniques?” Aqua Rose had predicted this reply. Smiling, she said, “Hasn’t that always been your goal? If you are always alone, I’m afraid that you’ll never catch up to

that

person. I’ve heard that that person is getting by pretty well in God’s Domain. His strength has already reached an unimaginable realm.”