Chapter 1027 - Overwhelming Strength

Chapter 1027: Overwhelming Strength

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1027 – Overwhelming Strength

Only Zero Wing’s core members could view the battle videos Aqua Rose had sent to Alluring Summer.

God’s Domain’s various large Guilds usually had their own intelligence departments that specialized in information gathering and videos of various battles. Battle videos of apex experts were not unique to Zero Wing. However, the battle videos Aqua Rose had sent were somewhat special.

These battle videos could not be found anywhere on the market.

The majority of these videos were of Shi Feng fighting other apex experts. Moreover, they had been recorded from Shi Feng’s point of view, not from a third party’s. In addition, they had been recorded with the Holographic Simulation Mode. Rather than watching the video on a flat screen, one could experience the fight themselves. Among the recorded opponents, the weakest were in the Refinement Realm, while the strongest had been an old monster in the Domain Realm. One could say that this was the classical collection of Shi Feng’s battles.

As for opponents that had not reached the Refinement Realm, those had not qualified. After all, there were too many expert players who had yet to reach the Refinement Realm. Those videos were easy to find. Referencing those videos had no value.

Aside from Shi Feng’s PvP battle videos, Alluring Summer also had access to his battle videos from the Secret Pavilion’s Battle Tower.

The Battle Tower was the most direct method of testing a player’s combat standards. These videos could help a player summarize their deficiencies.

These videos were precisely the reason that Zero Wing’s core members improved so quickly.

Alluring Summer had not paid much attention when she had started to watch the videos. However, when the fight began, she couldn’t pull her eyes from the recording.

Before she realized it, she had already watched all of the videos Aqua Rose had sent her.

After Alluring Summer finished watching the videos, she took a deep breath to calm herself. Excitedly, she turned to look at Aqua Rose and asked, “Aqua, do you have other videos like these?”

Although she had only watched a few and none of these videos lasted long, she had to admit that they were inspiring. Shi Feng’s battles gave her a glimpse of an entirely new world. She had never thought that players could fight in such a way.

“These videos are the best we have. There are some others stored in the Guild’s database. The most exciting of those are the battles between core members. However, regarding combat standards, they are no match for the videos you just watched,” Aqua Rose said.

“They are no match?” Alluring Summer was disappointed.

Although she had only watched the videos for a short time, she already felt that she had improved in a way. If she could watch more recordings of such high combat standards, she could improve faster than relying on trial and error.

“Are you disappointed?” Aqua Rose asked, giggling.

“Of course. I usually collect battle videos of God’s Domain’s experts, too. However, compared what you have given me, those experts are no more than children playing house.” At this moment, Alluring Summer still couldn’t get enough of those videos.

“To be honest, you don’t need to feel so disappointed. If you fight your way into the top ten in the rank matches and obtain a black card, you’ll develop even faster.” Aqua Rose chuckled.

One could fight all sorts of experts in the simulation training system. Experience would help one grow stronger much faster than watching videos.

“Really?” Alluring Summer’s excitement was immediate. “Didn’t you say that, if I defeat a particular person, I can apply for a black card immediately? Call them here! I want to find out what this black card is.”

After watching the battle videos, while she admitted that she was absolutely no match for Shi Feng, she did not believe that, with her current strength, she could lose to anyone else in Zero Wing. After all, she had secretly defeated the 766th ranked expert on the God’s Domain’s Experts list.

Furthermore, although she acknowledged that Aqua Rose had grown stronger after watching her friend fight, she believed that she had roughly a 40% chance of defeating the Vice Guild Leader.

“Alright, then. I’ll contact them,” Aqua Rose said, smiling helplessly.

She knew full well how confident Alluring Summer was of her own strength. She also knew that Alluring Summer was a capable expert.

Had Alluring Summer visited a few days earlier, with her current strength and techniques, she likely would have ranked among the top ten. In addition to her status as Vice Guild Leader, it shouldn’t be hard to get Alluring Summer a black card. Now, however, things had changed.

Some time ago, Gentle Snow joined Zero Wing with a bunch of Ouroboros’s top players, increasing Zero Wing’s strength significantly.

Right now, she was not certain of how well Alluring Summer would fare in Zero Wing. After all, she was not particularly familiar with the strength of Gentle Snow’s people.

However, since her friend was eager to fight, she might as well accommodate the woman. She could use this opportunity to determine how much her friend had improved while they had been apart.

…

Following which, Aqua Rose contacted Violet Cloud and led Alluring Summer to the Divine Colosseum.

“Aqua, you’re kidding me, right? You’re having me fight a Cleric? Aren’t you underestimating me a little too much?” Alluring Summer frowned at the young Violet Cloud before her.

Before arriving, she had thought Aqua Rose would find some middle-aged uncle to face her. She never thought that her opponent would be such a young girl.

It was common knowledge that improving one’s techniques in virtual reality games was not as easy or convenient as improving one’s weapons and equipment. One needed to invest a lot of time to accumulate combat experience. Aside from those extremely talented youths, very few youths became experts.

Most of the famous experts in God’s Domain were over 25 years old.

Violet Cloud was also a Cleric. Alluring Summer’s victory was practically guaranteed.

“Just fight her. You’ll understand soon,” Aqua Rose said, smiling meaningfully.

She had already promised that, as long as Alluring Summer defeated the person she called upon, she would help her apply for a black card. If she chose someone like Flying Shadow or Cola, her application might not be accepted. However, if Alluring Summer could defeat Violet Cloud, getter her access to the simulated training system would easier. Her application would definitely be accepted. After all, defeating Violet Cloud meant that Alluring Summer was already strong enough to rank among the Guild’s top ten.

With no other choice, Alluring Summer helplessly entered the arena. She decided to put an end this pointless farce quickly.

As soon as the timer reached zero…

Alluring Summer immediately began to double-cast. Moreover, both of her chosen Spells were Tier 1: Lightning and Chain Fireball.

First, she intended to use the numerous fireballs to block her opponent’s paths, keeping the girl in one place. Afterward, she planned to attack Violet Cloud’s weak point with Lightning. Even an expert on her level would struggle to cope with such a combination.

“Go!”

As soon as Alluring Summer finished chanting, she hurled five fireballs at Violet Cloud.

Each fireball was just as powerful as a full-powered attack from a Berserker of the same level. Moreover, the fireballs were extremely fast. Even an Assassin of the same level would find them difficult to dodge. This Spell should kill a Cleric instantly.

Even if Violet Cloud survived the attack, Alluring Summer still had the more powerful and faster Lightning. This was the Spell she had used to throw Bullet, the Swordsman from Blackwater, over twenty yards away. It was overkill against a magical class.

However, just as Alluring Summer thought that the battle was over, dozens of Mana Balls appeared around Violet Cloud.

Under Violet Cloud’s control, these Mana Balls transformed into a beam of black light that struck the five fireballs.

How?!

Alluring Summer was stunned.

The instant the five fireballs encountered those Mana Balls, not only had they been destroyed, but over a dozen more Mana Balls continued towards Alluring Summer.

Despite using Lightning and Ice Wall to defend herself, the Mana Balls adjusted their attack trajectories as if they were alive, avoiding her Lightning and Ice Wall and surrounding her.

A series of explosions echoed throughout the arena as Alluring Summer’s body fell to the ground.

The system then displayed the victor’s name above the arena.

Violet Cloud!