Chapter 1020 - Soaring Attributes

Chapter 1020: Soaring Attributes

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1020 – Soaring Attributes

Shi Feng looked at the tattered Magic Tower Construction Design in his hands. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t excited right now.

In reality, the Magic Tower was not very valuable to God’s Domain’s current Guilds; it wasn’t even worth as much as the Alchemy Secret Journal. To Shi Feng, however, its value far surpassed that of a Fragmented Legendary item.

If he constructed a city in Star-Moon Kingdom, the city’s potential profits would even be enough to tempt Super Guilds to strike against them, disregarding all costs to themselves.

After all, a city was much larger than a town. No measly town could compare to the population a city could hold. One could also construct a larger variety of buildings in a city. Most importantly, players seeking entertainment would flock to the city, which could impact its economy in a massive way. Then there was the Mana Tower, which would allow resident players within the city to accumulate the Double EXP buff.

With Zero Wing’s current strength, going up against Super Guilds was suicidal. Once the city’s protection period ended, Zero Wing wouldn’t be able to defend the city with its own strength. When the time came, others would take the city from them. Shi Feng didn’t want to see that happen.

That was the reason that Shi Feng wouldn’t construct the city right now, regardless of whether or not he could afford to.

Without sufficient strength, excessive wealth only invited disaster.

He would not naively believe that those Super Guilds would kindly offer to cooperate with Zero Wing. To begin with, these existences were playing virtual reality games to earn money, not to have fun. If they were fully capable of reaping the benefits by themselves, why would they share?

If Zero Wing wanted to cooperate with Super Guilds, there was a precondition; the Guild needed to be able to protect the city it constructed. Otherwise, there was no point. It was similar to the encounter with the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

Shi Feng had been worried about his city’s defense. Acquiring the Magic Tower Design was undoubtedly good news. Once he constructed his city, he simply needed to construct a few Magic Towers to protect it. At that time, with Zero Wing’s constantly rising strength, defending a single city should not be a problem.

However, like a Teleportation Magic Array Forging Design, the Magic Tower Design had limited uses. Up to five Magic Towers could be constructed with one design. This was enough for Shi Feng.

“I had planned to add several more turrets to stabilize Stone Forest Town’s safety. It seems that won’t be necessary now.” Shi Feng smiled. He then contacted Aqua Rose, instructing her to collect the necessary materials and Lifestyle players to construct the Magic Tower in Stone Forest Town.

Unlike other items’ production, the Magic Tower’s construction did not require specific Lifestyle classes. In fact, any player could construct the Magic Tower. It was only a matter of speed and efficiency. However, to construct the Magic Tower’s core, players needed to be capable of drawing an Intermediate Magic Array. After all, the tower’s most important components were the magic array and the Mana circuit.

For Shi Feng, who was capable of manufacturing Intermediate Magic Arrays, constructing the Magic Tower’s Mana circuit would be a piece of cake.

As for the Magic Light Set Equipment, Shi Feng put the project on a temporary hold. In any case, no one else in the Guild could equip the set right now. The number of sets he had already produced was more than enough for the moment.

Shi Feng then replaced his Tier 1 Set Equipment with the Fine-Gold ranked Magic Light Set Equipment. Following which, he replaced all three of his Intermediate Mana Armor Kits with the Advanced versions. Immediately, his Basic Attributes soared to a new level. His Strength instantly broke past the 1,200-point threshold. He was significantly stronger than a Lord of the same level. His HP also soared to 32,550, while his Defense could probably render even Zero Wing’s number one MT, Cola, speechless.

“With this set of equipment, I can likely solo an ordinary Level 50 Lord without any Berserk Skills.” When Shi Feng clenched his fist, he could feel that his combat power had reached a new realm.

He had to admit that there was a massive difference between Level 50 and Level 45 equipment in terms of Attributes.

After Shi Feng switched into his new equipment, he used the Demon Mask to alter the Magic Light Set’s appearance, using his previous appearance. This way, outsiders would not notice any changes to his weapons or equipment, and they would not be able to gauge his strength without fighting him.

As Shi Feng arrived downstairs and was about to rearrange the counters in the Candlelight Trading Firm’s first-floor hall, he noticed that the number of players in the hall had decreased significantly. Moreover, a few of the players here scoffed at the trading firm’s products.

“The Candlelight Trading Firm is unreasonable. Both the Heavenly Trading Firm and the Blackwater Trading Firm are selling their Light Stones for 80 Copper each, yet Candlelight is still selling them for a Silver each. I think I’ll be better off shopping at the other two trading firms.”

“Isn’t the Light Stone supposed to be the Candlelight’s specialty product?”

“What? You don’t know? Not long ago, both the Heavenly Trading Firm and the Blackwater Trading Firm announced that they are selling Light Stones. Moreover, they’re selling each stone for only 80 Copper and have declared that they will never raise its price, unlike a certain blackhearted trading firm, who only wants to wring us dry.”

“What?! They’re so cheap?! If I had known, I wouldn’t have purchased so many Light Stones from Candlelight.”

…

While these several players chatted loudly, the surrounding players that overheard their conversation promptly changed their minds about purchasing Light Stones from the Shop. They began to filter out of the Candlelight Trading Firm in search of a better deal. It was obvious that they were going to investigate the Heavenly Trading Firm and Blackwater Trading Firm’s new products.

Even 20 Copper Coins was a significant sum of money to ordinary players. If they used five Light Stones in a day, they could save up to one Silver Coin each day. That was enough money for independent players to buy themselves several drinks at the bar. If they saved up for a few days, they could also afford a nice piece of Bronze or Mysterious-Iron Equipment.

They sure are quick to extend their hands.

Shi Feng glanced at the several independent players who conversed with each other. He then called up the Shop’s system interface and teleported these players out of the Shop. He banned them permanently from all of Candlelight’s Shops.

It was very obvious that these people had no intentions of purchasing anything from Candlelight. They were either hired by Heaven’s Burial or Blackwater to come here and steal customers. Otherwise, why would these people bother coming to Candlelight if they knew that the Heavenly Trading Firm and Blackwater Trading Firm sold Light Stones?

Instead of blabbering on in the Shop, showing no signs of leaving, anyone who heard the news would likely rush out of the Shop as the previous customers had.

“Crap, why can’t I enter the Shop!?”

“What kind of trading firm is this?! They dare to chase away their customers?! I’m never coming back!”

…

After Shi Feng banished several independent players from the Candlelight Trading Firm, those players stood outside the Shop, cursing in indignation. Very quickly, they attracted passersby’s attention.

“The Candlelight Trading Firm is outrageous! How can they randomly kick people out of their Shop?! Isn’t there some saying stating that customers are akin to God?! They dare to kick God out of their Shop! They must want to go out of business!”

“It my opinion, Candlelight is no longer a friend to players.”

Hearing those words, the crowd on the street began to discuss the Candlelight Trading Firm, their discontent rising as the discussion stretched on.

However, Shi Feng didn’t pay any attention to the situation outside of the Shop. Instead, he opened a new counter in the first-floor hall. He then placed ten Advanced Mana Armor Kits on display inside the counter’s cabinet.