Chapter 1030 - Magic Tower Completed

Chapter 1030: Magic Tower Completed

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1030 – Magic Tower Completed

The news of the monster crusade failure spread rapidly throughout the entire Star-Moon Kingdom. Immediately after, the safety of Stone Forest Town also became a topic of discussion.

Many players were delighted at this situation, particularly the members of Blackwater and Heaven’s Burial.

They never thought that even the game would side with them.

As long as Zero Wing lost its possession of Stone Forest Town, the Guild would lose a major source of income. Afterwards, with the capital their Guilds possessed, they could easily crush Zero Wing.

Moreover, to fan the flames, Blackwater and Heaven’s Burial started deliberately purchasing the Candlelight Trading Firm’s Light Stones in bulk and selling them together with the Light Stones they produced cheaply, quickly solving their Shops’ shortage of Light Stones.

Although this would increase the Candlelight Trading Firm’s income in the short term as well as incur losses for their own Guilds, doing so would encourage Candlelight’s customers to gradually transition to shopping at the Heavenly Trading Firm and Blackwater Trading Firm in the long run.

Due to this sudden development, the elite players originally planning to join Zero Wing started hesitating.

After Aqua Rose received word of this development, she immediately conducted her own investigation. The joy she felt from successfully recruiting Alluring Summer vanished in an instant.

Following which, Aqua Rose contacted Shi Feng, saying, “Guild Leader, this is our overall situation as of now.”

In less than an hour since news of the crusade failing had spread, the Candlelight Trading Firm’s sales of the Light Stones had increased by nearly five times. As a consequence, both the Heavenly and Blackwater Trading Firms had managed to plunder the popularity Candlelight had garnered through the Advanced Mana Armor Kits. As for the number of players trying to join Zero Wing, that had directly fallen by half. This was not good news for Zero Wing, which was currently in urgent need of manpower.

“Blackwater and Heaven’s Burial sure are good. Only they would dare to do something like this.” Shi Feng could not help but sigh ruefully as he looked at the Candlelight Trading Firm’s income and traffic situation.

“Guild Leader, you’re still in the mood to joke around? If they really start mass-producing Light Stones, we will be in so much trouble,” Aqua Rose said, pouting. “Moreover, you’ve also seen for yourself how bad Stone Forest Town’s situation is by now. Based on our investigations, those monsters’ numbers are continuously increasing. Current estimates put them at over 100,000 already. Moreover, they’ve also begun spreading out. It won’t be long before they come attacking Stone Forest Town.”

Shi Feng took a look at the report sent over by Aqua Rose. In one of the video recordings, he had spotted a familiar figure.

This figure was none other than the one-horned humanoid monster. Only, it had improved significantly compared to when he first saw it. At this point, it had already reached Level 53. Its HP had undergone a qualitative transformation as well, rising from being over one million to six million. Now, the humanoid monster was at the standard of a Level 50 Lord. Back then, it had only been at the standard of a Level 40 Chieftain. Its improvement speed was truly terrifying.

Fortunately, these one-horned monsters were very few. The majority of the monster army consisted of Level 50 to Level 60 Wild Beast-type monsters. Their intelligence and combat standards were clearly beneath the humanoid monsters’. Even so, these Wild Beasts already possessed the combat standards of ordinary players. This situation was a disaster for ordinary players.

If these monsters continued developing, Shi Feng did not doubt that the entire Star-Moon Kingdom would fall into danger.

“Since the Blackwater Corporation wants to hit us while we’re down, let’s fulfill their wishes. Any player who purchases two or more stacks of Light Stones will have to pay 2 Silver per Light Stone. If players only buy one stack, they’ll receive the normal rate of 80 Copper per piece,” Shi Feng said, chuckling. “As for those monsters, just ignore them for now. We’ll continue doing what we need to do. It still isn’t certain who will have the last laugh.”

If this situation had happened before he had obtained the Magic Tower Design, he really would’ve worried about those monsters, which were nurtured by the Evil God’s Temple.

Now, however, things were different. As long as Stone Forest Town’s Magic Tower got constructed, aside from NPC cities and some of the more fortified NPC towns, Stone Forest Town would definitely be the safest place in Star-Moon Kingdom.

If the monsters from the Evil God’s Temple were to spread throughout the entire Star-Moon City region, the one crying tears of regret at that time definitely would not be him.

“Are we really going to ignore them?” Aqua Rose was still very worried.

Although she knew that Zero Wing still had other sources of income, the Magic Crystal income of Stone Forest Town was very important to them. Without a supply of Magic Crystals, the Guild’s development would very quickly come to a standstill.

“Relax,” Shi Feng said confidently.

The Magic Tower was no trifling matter. Otherwise, it would’ve never become the mainstream defensive building in God’s Domain.

Time passed quickly. After spending most of his day working, Shi Feng finally completed the construction of the Magic Tower.

The instant the tower was done, Shi Feng’s EXP rose tremendously. His Forging Proficiency also increased directly by 500 points. To an Advanced Forger like Shi Feng, raising his Proficiency by even a single point was a very difficult task. He needed to make multiple advanced items for that to happen. Normally, an Advanced Forger would have to spend the entire day working in order to gain 500 Proficiency.

At the same time as the construction was completed, the Magic Tower, which he had situated in the center of Stone Forest Town, released a blue pulse that gave everyone within the town the feeling they were under observation.

“What’s this thing?”

Players throughout the town quickly noticed the lofty Magic Tower. At the top of the tower sat a gigantic crystal glowing a faint blue. The crystal was like the moon illuminating the night sky. This scene piqued everyone’s curiosity about the tower.

Previously, while Shi Feng was building the Magic Tower, a layer of fog had shrouded the tower itself and the area around it. Others couldn’t see what was going on beyond the fog. They only knew that something was under construction.

After seeing this tall building, everyone was fascinated by the Magic Tower’s appearance.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng himself was currently standing atop the Magic Tower, one hand resting on the giant crystal. He then started activating the Magic Tower.

The Magic Tower had a total of three functions.

The first function was attacking distant targets. The power of the Magic Tower’s attacks rivaled that of the Basic Mana Pulse Cannon. However, unlike the latter, the Magic Tower’s attacks had a very short Cooldown, roughly similar to that of Defense Turrets.

The second function was reconnaissance. The tower was capable of locating any target within a 10,000-yard radius.

The third function was also the favorite function of the various large Guilds—Mana density improvement. The Magic Tower’s Mana density-improving capabilities were far from comparable to those of a Mana Tower, which could be constructed only in cities. The total effectiveness of five Magic Towers was not even one-third of that of a Mana Tower. Even so, this result was already plenty good for a town. After all, the process of promoting a town to a city was a long and arduous one. The Magic Tower was equivalent to a transitional building.

System: Do you wish to activate the Magic Tower? Activating the tower will cost 1,000 Magic Crystals, while maintaining the tower’s Mana-gathering function for a day will cost 500 Magic Crystals.

“Activate!” Shi Feng clicked the “Activate” button without hesitation.