Chapter 1036 - Zero Wing’S Foundations

Chapter 1036: Zero Wing’s Foundations

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1036 – Zero Wing’s Foundations

As soon as Shi Feng set foot inside the room, everyone there automatically shifted their gaze towards him.

Currently, Shi Feng had already disguised himself as Black Flame using the Demon Mask. At this moment, he was dressed in pitch-black armor and wore a Black Cloak. Two dazzling, blood-red swords hung from his waist, glowing a faint red. The aura his body radiated resembled that of an unsheathed sword, sharp and dangerous. The feeling he gave off was as if it wasn’t a human walking into the room but a Demon that had just escaped the abyss.

The atmosphere in the lounge instantly grew heavy upon his appearance.

When Shi Feng’s gaze swept over the representatives of the various major companies, they instinctively lowered their heads, due to the mental oppression they felt, none of them daring to make eye contact.

“He’s Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame? Isn’t he a little too strong?!” Alluring Summer could not help but gasp upon seeing Shi Feng. “He’s practically a monster!”

“Haven’t I already told you this before? Our Guild Leader is very strong,” Aqua Rose said somewhat pridefully. “As long as you develop yourself in Zero Wing, it is only a matter of time before you achieve that dream of yours.”

At this moment, Phoenix Rain’s eyes had also widened in shock as she looked at Shi Feng slowly walking over to her.

Just how much has he improved again?

During her last encounter with Shi Feng, the latter only gave her the feeling of a sheathed sword. Now, however, his aura was entirely different. It was utterly overpowering, impressing on others the presence of a steamroller. Rather than calling him a player, he was practically a humanoid Lord.

Shi Feng did not pay much attention to Phoenix Rain’s shocked reaction.

He had on the Level 50 Fine-Gold ranked Magic Light Set Equipment. His Basic Attributes were far superior to those using Level 40 or Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment. After all, Level 50 equipment was meant for Tier 2 players. Phoenix Rain was naturally no match for him in terms of Attributes.

Not to mention, he also wielded a Fragmented Legendary item and multiple Epic Weapons and Equipment.

Strength-wise, he had long since surpassed Lord ranked monsters of the same level. Hence, it was only normal for Phoenix Rain to feel a massive sense of oppression when he did not suppress his aura.

However, Shi Feng’s grandiose entrance had made the various company representatives lose their composure. Now, they were no longer as confident as before.

After taking his seat, Shi Feng took another look at everyone present before saying straightforwardly, “Since you all wish to cooperate with Zero Wing, I believe you should’ve already read the agreement given to you, correct? If you have any problems, ask away. However, take note that Zero Wing will not make any changes to the conditions of cooperation, no matter what.”

“Guild Leader Black Flame, although Stone Forest Town indeed has excellent prospects, the conditions you require are simply excessive. You could even say that they are far above Stone Forest Town’s potential value. Moreover, one billion is no small number. If we invest that kind of money into a second-rate Guild, we can take control of a significant portion of said Guild’s shares.

“Hence, after a discussion among ourselves, we believe that one hundred million Credits should be a more suitable amount. This way, we’ll have a much better time cooperating with each other in the future. After all, the current Stone Forest Town is only that big. Its value is extremely limited. There won’t be a single company that will agree to your price of one billion. We hope that Guild Leader Black Flame can reconsider this matter. Our companies are sincerely trying to cooperate with Zero Wing.”

…

The representatives of the twenty major companies all expressed their reluctance to pay such a high deposit. Moreover, they also firmly believed that no company would foolishly agree to this condition. However, in order to get a head start in occupying the virtual market, their companies were still willing to pay a certain price.

“It seems you all are operating under a misconception. Zero Wing’s offer of a one-billion deposit is only the threshold for cooperation. In addition, Zero Wing is providing only ten slots. This doesn’t mean that anyone with one billion Credits will qualify for this offer!” Shi Feng then chuckled and added, “If you are dissatisfied with this offer, Zero Wing won’t try to force you into accepting it.”

Before everyone could refute his words, Shi Feng took out an old book from his bag and placed it on the table.

Staring at the book on the table, everyone was greatly confused at Shi Feng’s intentions.

They then clicked to check the book’s information.

“Magic Tower Design… Could this be…” Phoenix Rain immediately thought of the tower in Stone Forest Town upon seeing the name of this book.

“That’s right! Just like you’ve surmised, the tower constructed in Stone Forest Town is indeed a Magic Tower. It is also the cause of Stone Forest Town’s Mana density increase,” Shi Feng explained, smiling. “I believe you all should’ve already seen for yourselves the effects of the Magic Tower, correct? Now, do you still think this one-billion threshold is a little too high?”

Immediately, everyone in the room fell silent, shock plastered over their faces as they looked at the Magic Tower Design. A hint of fanaticism gleamed in their eyes.

Everyone had attributed the change in Stone Forest Town to the newly constructed tower.

Hence, the people from the various large Guilds as well as those from companies and corporations had immediately launched investigations into the tower.

They all sought to obtain a Magic Tower for themselves.

Unfortunately, they could not find any information regarding the Magic Tower whatsoever. They only knew that Zero Wing had built the tower. There were also rumors floating about that the Magic Tower might be a one-time-use quest reward. Hence, Zero Wing had chosen to set up the tower at Stone Forest Town, using the opportunity to raise the town’s value.

However, they never imagined that players could actually build this thing.

If Zero Wing could truly build as many Magic Towers as it wished and only needed to pay the production cost, then the Guild’s potential was indeed immense.

In the future, as long as the Guild captured a town, it could directly construct a Magic Tower in it and use the higher Mana density in the town to attract large numbers of players. With this, Zero Wing would have another brand-new Stone Forest Town. As for Stone Forest Town being too small, that would no longer pose a problem, either.

At that time, even obtaining a significant portion of the virtual market share would not be a dream for their companies.

No wonder he’s so confident! At this moment, Phoenix Rain was eyeing the Magic Tower Design enviously.

At the same time, she also felt fortunate that she had made this trip here.

With the Magic Tower, trying to gather players and earning money would both be extremely easy to accomplish.

Standing beside Shi Feng, Aqua Rose noticed the unflinching gazes of the various company representatives as well as their expressions, which stated that they would become Zero Wing’s collaborator, no matter what. She nearly let out a laugh.

Although Shi Feng had revealed the Magic Tower Design, all everyone could see was the item’s name. They could not open the book and view its actual contents. In the end, everyone had mistakenly believed that one could construct an unlimited number of Magic Towers with the design and did not know about the Magic Tower Design’s limitations.

Of course, this could not be considered as Zero Wing being deceitful. This was simply a beautiful misunderstanding.

Under the fanatic gazes of everyone, Shi Feng stored the Magic Tower Design. Smiling, he said, “You’ve seen the item for yourselves. As for the qualifications for cooperation, one billion is the minimum requirement. Or to put it more precisely, one billion will only get you a plot of golden Land in a town. Also, Zero Wing doesn’t necessarily need ten collaborators. If none of you have any problems, let’s start the auction for the first slot!”