Chapter 1038 - Town Of Beginnings

Chapter 1038: Town of Beginnings

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1038 – Town of Beginnings

Although Phoenix Rain did not speak loudly, everyone was still dumbfounded by her words.

As for the matter of Phoenix Rain being Zero Wing’s puppet, they had long since flung that idea out of their minds.

Is this the background of a super-first-rate Guild? Aqua Rose was greatly shocked as she looked at Phoenix Rain’s calm and composed demeanor.

Although she had known that a very wide gap separated first-rate Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds in terms of overall strength, number of experts, and financial strength, she never imagined that the disparity was this massive.

Phoenix Rain was actually capable of purchasing all ten slots as if she was shopping for vegetables at the market.

Just as the various company representatives were about to refute Phoenix Rain’s words, Shi Feng got the jump on them, saying, “Since you are going to buy the remaining slots, we can naturally proceed with the discussions.”

“Guild Leader Black Flame, you shouldn’t make such a hasty decision!”

“That’s right! There are still three more slots left. How would you know if we can’t outcompete this lady?”

The other companies immediately grew anxious.

Previously, they had intended to wait until Phoenix Rain had exhausted her funds in order to purchase a slot for themselves as cheaply as possible. They never expected something like this to happen halfway through the auction.

“I can choose to give up if any of you can offer more than four billion for any of the three remaining slots,” Phoenix Rain said.

The entire venue fell silent once more. The various company representatives all gnashed their teeth in anger as they looked at Phoenix Rain.

They could not help but admit that Phoenix Rain was simply too accurate in her calculations.

Although the various companies present were willing to pay a huge price to cooperate with Zero Wing, a four-billion deposit was beyond their budget. Moreover, nobody could tell what kind of future awaited Zero Wing. If things went sour, all that money would be frozen for half a year. It was too great a risk altogether.

“A lunatic!”

“This woman really is a lunatic!”

“If the Blackwater Guild topples Zero Wing, I’d like to see just how she salvages the situation!”

At this point, the only thing the various company representatives could do was stand up and leave in a huff. As for Shi Feng, he was inwardly ecstatic.

He had never imagined that Phoenix Rain was actually this wealthy!

With this, Ouroboros’s training center was practically in the bag. He could even start the second phase of his plan, which was the construction in other cities of training centers that were open to the public, in the hopes of attracting players to go there and improve themselves. With this, he could earn money and recruit more newcomers with great potential into his Guild.

This was a business model that many major Guilds adopted in the later stages of God’s Domain.

This method had uncovered many top-tier experts in the past.

Among them, the most famous one would be the Tier 6 Berserker God, Half Madness. Initially, Half Madness had only been an unknown, ordinary player. However, one day, he went to a training center run by the Super Guild Battle Wolves to play around, and the instructors there discovered that he had great potential. In the end, Battle Wolves recruited him, and everything else was history. His strength improved rapidly by leaps and bounds, and he eventually became one of Battle Wolves’s mainstays.

If Zero Wing could construct such God’s Domain training centers in various major cities in the real world early on, it could snatch some high-potential players for itself rather than let Super Guilds monopolize all the good stuff.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, I’ve already signed the contracts. Now that all the outsiders are gone, isn’t it about time we discuss the matter of cooperation?” Phoenix Rain asked, smiling as she looked at Shi Feng.

Truthfully, she had not expected to spend so much money on this visit.

Originally, she had only thought that Stone Forest Town had potential for development and was planning to invest in the town. Doing so would also help the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion establish a foundation in the local industry.

However, the Magic Tower was frankly too tempting.

Hence, she had invested practically all the funds she had on hand right now into Zero Wing.

As the manager of a Guild, she knew full well just how difficult it was to develop a town.

Currently, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion controlled five towns in total. However, none of them were particularly attractive to players. At best, players used them as a rest stop or a temporary base to save up on travel time to high-level maps.

Once the protection period of these towns ended, their expenditures would definitely increase. At that time, not to mention making a profit, it would be great if the towns did not incur a deficit.

If one were to compare economic benefits, all five of the towns combined did not even equal one-tenth of Stone Forest Town.

However, if these towns also had a Magic Tower, players would no longer treat them as just a simple rest stop. Instead, the towns would become a mecca for players who wanted to improve their strength.

“Seeing as Phoenix Pavilion Master has spent so much money, I believe that your goal isn’t just gaining priority in investing in Zero Wing’s towns. Instead, it should be the Magic Tower, correct?” Shi Feng said.

“That’s right. I am indeed doing this for the Magic Tower. As long as you can construct a Magic Tower in a town I manage, I can give you 40% of the town’s profits. How about it?” Phoenix Rain said and nodded, her words replete with temptation.

The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was a super-first-rate Guild. Be it the ability to capture a town or to develop one, there was no comparison. Meanwhile, Shi Feng only needed to construct a single Magic Tower in order to receive 40% of one town’s profits. This offer would tempt anyone.

“I want 50%. I will also help you construct only one Magic Tower. Moreover, the location of the town you choose must not be in any of Star-Moon Kingdom’s neighboring countries,” Shi Feng said after giving the matter some thought.

He could build only four more Magic Towers right now. Meanwhile, he needed at least three to protect a city. Hence, the most he could spare was one Magic Tower.

If possible, he was more than willing to construct a few more towers for Phoenix Rain. After all, that was free money they were talking about. Moreover, the Magic Tower Design was not unique. It was only a matter of time before other players obtained the design for it. Once the various Guilds all possessed the design, the tower would no longer be valuable. Hence, he had to earn as much money off it as possible right now.

As for nurturing competitors, this was simply an unnecessary worry.

God’s Domain was just too massive. There were also countless people playing the game. On the other hand, how many players could a single town possibly contain—or even a single city?

If he kept the Magic Tower for himself, the most he could use it for right now was as a decoration. Rather than do so, it would be much better if he converted the tower into sustained revenue.

Moreover, it was much harder to operate a city than a town. The current Zero Wing would barely be able to afford the manpower and resources required. This was also the reason why he was mass-recruiting members. Once he built his city, he would not have any energy to spare for managing any additional towns.

“Alright, then! However, I have another condition. You need to get it done within three days.” Previously, Phoenix Rain still wanted to renegotiate. However, seeing Shi Feng’s determined demeanor, she knew that that was not going to happen.

However, at the very least, she had secured one Magic Tower for herself, achieving her initial goal.

“That won’t be a problem. Send the town’s coordinates to me. When the time comes, I’ll send some people over to build it.” Shi Feng did not mind this condition. Constructing a Magic Tower took only half a day. After which, he would have one more source of income. Then, he also would not have to worry about the construction fees for his city.

After the two of them signed a contract reflecting their agreement, Phoenix Rain sent a set of coordinates to Shi Feng.

Savage Wildland, Town of Beginnings.

“What?! You’ve actually discovered the Savage Wildland?!” Shi Feng was momentarily surprised upon seeing the coordinates.