Chapter 1043 - Godly Player

Chapter 1043 – Godly Player

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Among the many workshops in the port market, Dahl’s Workshop was not particularly eye-catching. However, it was the oldest workshop in Ocean Viewing Town and had been created by a Grandmaster Engineer. The workshop had existed for over 300 years.

Logically, even if it were not famous throughout the Apocalypse Empire, a Grandmaster Engineer’s workshop should be the most famous in the Ocean Viewing Town.

Unfortunately, its decline due to the workshop’s inheritors, worse with each generation, letting the workshop to fall into its current state. At this point, almost nobody remembered Dahl’s Workshop’s past glory.

However, the workshop’s current owner was quite talented. After inheriting the engineering notes from his predecessors, he had been obsessed with researching the notes to become a Master Engineer.

Meanwhile, the Hidden Quest was helping the current inheritor of Dahl’s Workshop, Rodney, become a Master Engineer.

If the player succeeded, they would earn a Bronze Speedboat.

In God’s Domain, the value of a Bronze Speedboat could rival that of an Epic item.

A Common Speedboat could carry up to two parties of six, and it was 20% faster than fishing boats. Moreover, it came with the Accelerate Skill and Braving the Winds and Waves Passive Skill. Both were necessary for adventuring on the open ocean.

A Bronze Speedboat could hold a team of twenty, and its speed and durability were 15% higher than a Common Speedboat. A Bronze Speedboat also possessed offensive capabilities. In terms of lifesaving capabilities, the Bronze Speedboat was multiple times stronger than the Common Speedboat. The player that had obtained the Bronze Speedboat had formed a relatively good maritime adventurer group and had ventured into dangerous waters that other players had not dared to explore, becoming quite famous in the Apocalypse Empire.

Upon entering Dahl’s Workshop, Shi Feng discovered several other players waiting in the basketball court-sized workshop as well. When Shi Feng entered the building, these players turned to him with hostile glares.

Sure enough, others have discovered it. Shi Feng could not help but sigh.

However, after giving it some thought, he found this outcome to be reasonable. Ocean Viewing Town might not be particularly big, but there were quite a few players who traveled here to level. Among them, there was no lack of experts. It wasn’t surprising that someone had discovered the Hidden Quest.

The independent players inside the workshop were such experts. There were a total of five of them, and the lowest leveled among them was Level 39, while the highest was a Level 40 expert. These five people were clearly divided into two groups, with a Level 40 Ranger leading the group of three, while a Level 39 Oracle traveled with one companion.

These players all wore considerably good equipment. Despite being independent players, their equipment was all Level 35 Secret-Silver rank or above, with the majority being Level 35 Fine-Gold Equipment. Their equipment could rank at the peak among independent players.

Although two expert parties had already accepted the quest, Shi Feng paid them no mind. Instead, he approached the Level 70 male shopkeeper directly.

“Hello, I wish to meet with your shop owner,” Shi Feng said, smiling.

Any player could accept this Hidden Quest. However, only the player who helped Rodney become a Master Engineer would receive the final reward. The first step of the quest was to meet with Rodney.

However, when Shi Feng mentioned his request, the Level 40 Ranger snorted with amusement.

Trying to meet the shop owner from the get-go was a dream.

Ordinary people would assume that the male shopkeeper was an ordinary shopkeeper. In reality, however, the shopkeeper was Rodney’s apprentice. If players could not get past this apprentice, they would not be allowed to meet Rodney.

To meet with Rodney, they had spent four days gradually raising their Favorability with the apprentice. Only then would the apprentice introduced them to Rodney to help fulfill the latter’s wish.

The moment the male shopkeeper’s eyes touched upon the cloaked Shi Feng, he immediately stood up and responded respectfully, “Lord Protector, I’ll notify my master right away! Please wait here for a moment!”

The major noble of a city!

Even a true Master Engineer had to treat someone of such stature with some form of respect, much less an Advanced Engineer like his master, Rodney.

“What!?”

“How can he meet Rodney so easily?!”

The five waiting players’ jaws dropped.

Before they could react, hasty footsteps echoed from the second floor. After a short moment, a middle-aged, brawny man with disheveled hair came running down the stairs.

“What?! Didn’t the shopkeeper say that Rodney was very busy?!”

“Crap, just who is that? Is he one of those godly players?”

The five waiting players were stupefied. They had come to Dahl’s Workshop to meet with Rodney. However, as Rodney had been manufacturing an item when they had arrived, they were forced to wait in the workshop until Rodney was done, yet after an hour, they saw no sign of the man. On the other hand, Shi Feng had only spoken a sentence to summon Rodney…

Upon seeing Shi Feng, Rodney’s serious expression transformed into respect as he said, “Lord Protector, I am Rodney, the owner of this workshop. May I know why my lord has come looking for me?”

“I have heard that you’ve been trying to get promoted to a Master Engineer for a while. I have a method that can assist you in transitioning smoothly. May I know if you are interested?” Shi Feng was not surprised by Rodney’s respectful attitude. The power of an Advanced Title was no trifling matter. Rodney could not hope to compare to his status. Hence, there was no need to waste time on courtesy, fawning over the NPC.

Hearing Shi Feng’s suggestion, Rodney’s eyes immediately lit up; his excitement was obvious.

“Lord Protector, if you can help me with my promotion to Master Engineer, I will pay any price,” Rodney answered and bowed, anticipation filling his eyes.

Becoming a Master Engineer was his lifelong wish. Moreover, he wanted to revitalize Dahl’s Workshop with his own hands.

Following which, Shi Feng heard the sound of a system notification.

System: Hidden Quest “Master’s Dream” triggered. Quest content: Help Rodney become a Master Engineer. Rewards unknown.

“Let’s continue our conversation upstairs,” Shi Feng laughed.

Although his quest had a different name than the one in the past, the task was the same.

“My lord, this way, please!” As soon as Rodney heard this, he led the way.

“That… Lord Rodney… What about us?” The five independent players could no longer sit by.

“Wait there for a while. I have matters to discuss with my lord,” Rodney dismissed them, annoyed.

The five immediately fell silent, afraid that their quest would be revoked should they anger Rodney.

“Just who was that?”

“He’s impressive, even when accepting a quest. It would be great if I could make his acquaintance.”

“I wonder if this god is accepting apprentices?”

Although they had accepted plenty of high-ranking quests, this was the first time they saw an NPC beg a player to accept one…

…

After reaching the second floor, Shi Feng noticed all sorts of precious materials scattered around the hall. There were also plenty of engineering tools about.

After taking a seat, Rodney asked anxiously, “Lord Protector, may I know what I should do to become a Master Engineer?”