Chapter 1049 - Popular Battle Arena

Chapter 1049: Popular Battle Arena

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1049 – Popular Battle Arena

“Become a member?” Shi Feng’s eyes immediately lit up with joy when he received this notification.

The exchange shop operated by its mysterious merchant had two modes of exchange.

One mode was available to all players.

The other mode was limited to members of the exchange shop.

In the past, Shi Feng had yearned to become a member of the shop. Unfortunately, obtaining membership was not that easy.

Based on his understanding, there were two ways to become a member of the exchange shop.

The first one was very normal, and that was to achieve a certain number of transactions and trade volume with the exchange shop. One needed to make thirty consecutive transactions with the shop as well as attain a total trade volume of five million Magic Crystals.

The number of transactions was not calculated based on the number of exchanges made but on the number of times the Golden Sands Exchange Shop refreshed its stock. The exchange shop would only refresh its stock of rare items once a week. In other words, one needed to visit the shop for thirty weeks in a row and make a huge purchase every week. If one were to stop even once midway, their count would have to start all over again.

However, the number of transactions was only secondary. The key point was that the required trade volume was ridiculous.

In reality, even if a player visited the exchange shop thirty times in a row and purchased plenty of items on every visit, they would still have great difficulty achieving the required trade volume. This was true even when they encountered valuable items up for exchange. There also weren’t a lot of useful items up for exchange in the shop. Hence, unless one was willing to take a loss and purchase useless items at above market price, it was practically impossible to achieve the required trade volume. Moreover, Magic Crystals were a strategic resource to Guilds. It would be foolish to spend them wastefully.

Hence, Shi Feng had never managed to become a shop member in the past.

The other method to become a member was through killing the Boss monsters inside the ancient ruins, which had a chance of dropping fragments of an ancient stone tablet. If one could complete a set of the fragments and hand it over to the mysterious merchant, one would likewise become a member of the exchange shop.

Only, the drop-rate for the tablet fragments was criminally low. In addition, there were very few Bosses in the ancient ruins. The time they took to respawn was also very long. It was practically impossible for an ordinary large Guild to gather enough fragments to complete a set.

Shi Feng could still clearly remember that in the past, a single tablet fragment had been worth at least a thousand Gold. Even so, the supply was far from enough to meet the demand. As long as a tablet fragment went up for sale, the various large Guilds would buy it almost instantly.

So there’s also such a benefit for the first person to discover the exchange shop. Luckily, I came here before anyone else did.

Shi Feng inwardly celebrated.

Players who became a member of the Golden Sands Exchange shop would enjoy very excellent benefits.

The first benefit was that members were allowed to enter the second floor of the exchange shop and exchange for the items there.

For the second benefit, members would receive a 20% discount on all items on the first floor.

For the third benefit, members would receive a Teleportation Crystal. In the future, they would no longer need to waste time traveling to the shop. Instead, they could teleport directly to it. Though the crystal had a Cooldown of 12 hours, it would still provide great convenience. It could also help players travel quickly to the Golden Sands Archipelago—allowing much more time for players to spend on leveling up.

Following which, Shi Feng clicked “Agree” to become a member of the exchange shop.

System: You do not have the required number of Magic Crystals. You have 48 hours to collect 10,000 Magic Crystals. If you are unable to collect them in time, it will be considered as you forfeiting this opportunity.

“What a short time limit.” Shi Feng smiled bitterly.

Currently, Zero Wing’s income for Magic Crystals was indeed considerable. However, its expenditure of the precious resource was also very high. He had prepared only 3,000 Magic Crystals for the trip this time.

Having no other choice, Shi Feng took out the Abyss Pendant and set a teleportation marker in front of the small cabin. He then took out a Guild Transfer Scroll and activated it.

Along with a white flash, Shi Feng disappeared from the Golden Sands Archipelago.

…

Star-Moon Kingdom, Stone Forest Town, Zero Wing’s Residence:

Why are there so many players here?

Shi Feng was surprised by the crowd of members in the main hall.

Currently, Zero Wing’s Residence was extraordinarily lively. Normally, there would only be several hundred Guild members lurking around the first-floor hall. Now, however, Shi Feng could see more than a thousand present.

“Today’s PvP match was awesome! Since coming into the game, this is the first time I’ve managed to achieve such a high standard with my techniques!”

“I know, right? If I could spar at the Battle Arena for a few more hours every day, it won’t be long before I can give the Trial Tower’s fourth floor a try. At that time, I’ll become an elite member of the Guild and receive a 20% discount when I visit the Battle Arena.”

“Forget about it. Didn’t you see how many players were crowding into the Battle Arena today? If not for us being Zero Wing members, we wouldn’t get a turn even after queuing up for a day. And you want to fight several times a day? Didn’t you notice the looks those independent players were giving us when we entered the combat room? If looks could kill, we would’ve died multiple times back there.”

“I was just thinking about it. I wonder when our Guild will occupy another town? It’d be fine even if the town’s surrounding environment is poor. As long as the Guild sets up another Battle Arena there, we would be able to have some fun there, too, every day.”

…

Guild members were chatting merrily in the main hall. When they spoke about the Battle Arena, their eyes sparkled with excitement. They could not help but wish they could spend more time training there. Unfortunately, there were simply too many players trying to get into the establishment. Hence, the Battle Arena had limited every player’s usage of its combat rooms to no more than one hour per day.

Moreover, the original price of one Silver per hour had also risen to two Silver per hour. Even so, an endless number of players still waited to enter the Battle Arena. There just was not enough combat rooms to go around.

This situation relieved Shi Feng.

He could not help but admit that the Battle Arena was worth every Coin he spent on it.

Even without him doing anything, the advanced NPC managers would automatically deal with everything related to the Battle Arena. For example, the NPC managers would make adjustments to the pricing based on market conditions. Moreover, they would also provide corresponding preferential treatment to Zero Wing’s members. The NPCs had even set up a membership system for the Battle Arena.

Those who became a member of the Arena would enjoy priority entry into the establishment. They would also receive discounts on their expenditures.

Meanwhile, in order to become a member of the Battle Arena, one needed to pay a registration fee of 100 Magic Crystals, which was nonrefundable. If one wanted to get back their Magic Crystals, they could only do so by buying each crystal back for 20 Silver.

Personally, Shi Feng felt that the membership fee of 100 Magic Crystals was a little too steep. However, the NPC managers had obviously done their market research because after they promulgated this rule, over a hundred players had promptly registered to become members. At this point, the Battle Arena already had over 300 members. Just like the treatment that the normal members of Zero Wing received, these Arena members had priority in entering combat rooms. At the same time, they also enjoyed a 10% discount when using the establishment’s services.

Due to this benefit, the number of players trying to join Zero Wing had also exploded.

Currently, word had already gone around that becoming a member of Zero Wing was equivalent to gaining 100 Magic Crystals. No other Guild could offer this treatment. If one managed to become an elite member, the treatment they received was even more amazing. Not only did they receive a 20% discount, but they also received even greater priority in entering combat rooms.

Just as Shi Feng stepped out of the Residence’s main entrance to take a look at today’s Magic Crystal income, a notification came from the system informing him that he had received a message.

“It seems they’re finally unable to continue sitting still.” Shi Feng’s lips curled up into a smile as he read the message.