Chapter 1051 - Monster Army

Chapter 1051 – Monster Army

“How is he so high-leveled?”

Purple Jade’s eyes flashed with shock as she stared at Shi Feng slowly walking over to them.

Currently, even the highest-leveled player in the Secret Pavilion was only Level 42. Moreover, that person was the Pavilion’s famous leveling maniac, who was also the number one player on the Fire Wing Empire’s Ranking List, Sleepless Star.

However, aside from Sleepless Star’s personal strength, the reason he managed to come out on top in the Fire Wing Empire was the resources the Secret Pavilion supplied him with.

Yet, Shi Feng, a member of Zero Wing’s upper echelon who was frequently busy dealing with Guild affairs, had actually managed to reach Level 44.

This was truly inconceivable.

However, rather than Shi Feng’s level, what surprised Purple Jade the most was the danger she picked up from him.

Moreover, her alarm bells rang increasingly louder, the closer Shi Feng got to her.

“What a terrifying monster.” Yuan Tiexin was much more experienced than Purple Jade, so he could tell very clearly just how much Shi Feng had improved since they last met. Smiling bitterly, he could not help shaking his head as he said, “Jade, it seems it will be impossible for you to test Ye Feng’s bottom line this time. Right now, he is no longer just strong. His strength is already at an entirely different level from ours.”

Previously, when Yuan Tiexin had met Shi Feng, the latter had contained his aura exceptionally well—proof that the youth’s control over his body had already reached a realm of perfection. However, this time, Shi Feng failed to contain his aura that well when he moved.

What did this mean?

The only explanation for this was that Shi Feng’s power was so strong that even an expert like himself could not adapt to it properly. Hence, he was unable to contain his aura completely.

When Purple Jade heard this, disappointment flashed across her eyes.

In reality, her purpose in following Yuan Tiexin to Stone Forest Town this time was so that she could spar with Shi Feng and hopefully learn some of his techniques. However, if the gap in strength was too wide, Shi Feng could easily defeat her even without utilizing any profound techniques. With this, rather than a spar, she would simply be asking for a beating.

“Uncle Yuan, may I know why you have come looking for me this time?” Shi Feng asked unhurriedly.

Truthfully, he already knew why the Secret Pavilion had come looking for him.

With the popularity of Stone Forest Town’s Battle Arena right now, even a transcendental power like the Secret Pavilion would not be able to sit still and do nothing.

Currently, Stone Forest Town’s development was still in its early stages. Aside from its geographical advantage, which allowed players to save up on travel time, it did not possess any actual advantage over other towns; this made it very difficult for the town to turn a profit and attract players.

Establishing a money-making venture like the Battle Arena to draw players to the town represented a much more advanced business model.

Only, operating a successful Battle Arena would be very difficult without the Magic Tower.

“The Secret Pavilion wishes to conduct a trade with Zero Wing,” Yuan Tiexin said as he retrieved a prepared contract from his bag. He then handed the contract over to Shi Feng and said, “The conditions stated inside are definitely what Zero Wing wants the most right now. Meanwhile, what the Secret Pavilion wants in exchange is the Magic Tower Design.”

“What Zero Wing wants most?” Shi Feng could not help but take a curious look at the contract.

After spending several minutes to scan through the contract, Shi Feng realized that it was indeed just a simple trade.

In summary, the Secret Pavilion would provide a kingdom for Zero Wing to develop in so that it could avoid annihilation by the Blackwater Guild. Meanwhile, all Zero Wing needed to do was hand over the Magic Tower Design to the Secret Pavilion. The contract had other minor conditions, but that was basically the long and short of it.

“This is the condition that the Secret Pavilion is offering?” Shi Feng asked strangely after he was done reading the contract.

Although Zero Wing’s foundation was not comparable to the Blackwater Guild’s, the current Zero Wing was no trifling opponent. It would not be so easy for Blackwater to remove Zero Wing from Star-Moon Kingdom. It was especially true now that Stone Forest Town had the Magic Tower.

Shi Feng truly could not understand why the Secret Pavilion held such an optimistic view of Blackwater’s prospects.

However, the Secret Pavilion’s information gathering was matchless in the virtual gaming world. Since the Pavilion was so assured of Blackwater’s victory, it definitely had reasons to believe so. Shi Feng just did not know what those reasons were.

“That’s right. This is the condition the Secret Pavilion is offering. This is a trade that will bring only good and no harm to Zero Wing,” Yuan Tiexin said determinedly. “I understand what you are thinking: it is impossible for Zero Wing to lose. But what will you think after looking at this?”

Saying so, Yuan Tiexin sent a few video recordings to Shi Feng.

Shi Feng promptly clicked to view the videos.

And he was stunned when the first video started playing. “This is…”

The video had been recorded from the top of a mountain using a Magic Mirror. Meanwhile, the location displayed was none other than Black Ridge Town, which the video showed as being infested with monsters that were Level 50 and above. There were even Level 60 and above Lords and Great Lords among them, as well as the one-horned humanoid monsters that Shi Feng was extremely familiar with. Only, there was a huge disparity between the numbers of these humanoid monsters shown in the video and the report he received from his subordinates.

Previously, there had only been several hundred humanoid monsters residing in the town. Now, however, there were over 4,000 of them. Moreover, a few of these humanoid monsters had even reached Level 60 already, their HPs breaching thirty million—equivalent to a Level 60 Great Lord—and there were actually five of them.

The development speed of these monsters made even Shi Feng shudder.

Aside from these monsters, Shi Feng could also vaguely make out a figure wearing a Black Cloak.

Meanwhile, the next few videos showed a mysterious cloaked person conversing with Blackwater’s Guild Leader, Abandoned Wave. Unfortunately, as the person recording these videos had been too far away, the video did not include the contents of their conversation. However, the appearance of this mysterious person was somewhat similar to the figure wearing a Black Cloak in Black Ridge Town.

“Are you trying to say that these monsters are under the Blackwater Guild’s control?” Shi Feng asked Yuan Tiexin.

“That’s right. Although we’re not sure what kind of relationship the two possess, those monsters should support Blackwater’s overall direction. Moreover, just recently, we’ve also received news that Blackwater has secretly joined hands with Pantheon. Knowing this, how long do you think Zero Wing will be able to hold on? Moreover, the longer this stalemate lasts, the more disadvantageous it will be for Zero Wing. After all, those monsters are simply developing too quickly,” Yuan Tiexin said earnestly.

Not to mention Zero Wing, even the Secret Pavilion might not be able to hold off all those monsters.

The Common beast-type monsters might be manageable, but those one-horned humanoid monsters were a different story. They possessed not only very high combat standards but also similarly high intelligence. It would already be very troublesome dealing with one of those humanoid monsters at the Level 50 Lord standard, let alone a Level 60 Great Lord.

With five of these Great Lords leading them, the 4,000-plus humanoid monsters could easily flatten a player town. What was more, there was still the endless horde of beast-type monsters. This was a force that current players simply could not contend with.

In addition, the Blackwater Guild had its own forces. Combined with the monster army, Blackwater was practically invincible in Star-Moon Kingdom. The only way out for Zero Wing right now was to shift its base of operations to another location. Avoiding a confrontation with Blackwater was the best option.