Chapter 1057 - Divine Beast’S Descent

Chapter 1057: Divine Beast’s Descent

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1057 – Divine Beast’s Descent

“Sir, it seems that you are considerably knowledgeable about magic arrays,” Harold addressed Shi Feng, who had focused on the magic array protecting the glass cabinet for quite some time. Chuckling, he continued, “If you are interested in magic arrays, we happen to have a few designs for sale at the moment. I believe that you will be satisfied with our selection.”

Hearing this, Shi Feng’s eyes shone with excitement. Hurriedly, he turned to Harold and asked, “You actually sell magic array designs here?”

In God’s Domain, magic arrays were considered secrets. Normally, players could not purchase them. At most, players could purchase some unimportant Magic Scrolls or gain some basic understanding of them in libraries. Players almost never found an opportunity to encounter magic array designs.

Shi Feng had only obtained the Nine-star Polar Domain magic array design by completing an Epic Quest.

He had never imagined that he could purchase magic array designs on the Golden Sands Exchange Shop’s second floor.

If Shi Feng had known that he could buy such items in his previous life, he would’ve tried to become one of the exchange shop’s members regardless of the cost.

Magic arrays might not help players much during the game’s early stages, but as players reached higher levels, their impact would increase. This was especially true for Guilds.

In Guild wars, only those who were at least elite players could affect the tide of battle. Ordinary players were simply risking their lives if they participated. They would only increase their Guild’s losses.

However, as players’ understood more about magic arrays, their use became more widespread.

Casting large-scale, group spells was one such example. A single magical class player might not be able to use extremely powerful Spells, but powerful magic arrays could combine the Mana of tens or even hundreds of magical class players to cast an intensely destructive Spell. Furthermore, producing such magic arrays was far easier than producing Magic Scrolls that contained Tier 4, or even Tier 3, large-scale destruction Spells.

Because of this, even during God’s Domain’s later stages, ordinary players could play a considerable role in large-scale wars. Although, how well a Guild utilized its normal members depended on their magic array research.

If one wanted to research magic arrays, they first needed enough of the designs.

Hence, in the past, the various large Guilds had tried desperately to collect all sorts of magic array designs.

If he could obtain the designs for large-scale group Spells right now, Zero Wing would not have to fear any Guild in God’s Domain.

Current players had no hope against large-scale, group Spells. At the very least, one needed a Tier 4 Great Wizard on their side to counter such destructive power.

“Sir, are you not going to consider our shop’s top five recommended products first?” Harold asked disappointedly.

Glancing at the five items inside the glass cabinet before him, Shi Feng shook his head and replied, “Thank you for your kindness, but I think that the magic array designs are far more attractive.”

The five items inside the glass cabinet were as precious as Harold claimed.

An Epic staff even rested among them.

Unfortunately, the prices were simply too high for Shi Feng to accept. The exchange shop sold these items far above market price. Unless one needed these items urgently, they’d be a fool to purchase any of them.

In the past, the six Tier 5 players had a reason for trying to rob the exchange shop. The shop’s exorbitant prices for the items they sought had been precisely why they had taken the risk. Unfortunately, those players had failed in the end.

Aside from being known as the Golden Sands Exchange Shop’s manager, Harold had another title in the outside world—the Blackhearted Merchant!

Among the five items displayed, the cheapest cost 24,000 Magic Crystals, while the most expensive, the glowing black and white staff, cost 52,000 Magic Crystals. If converted to Coins, that staff would be worth 13,000 Gold!

If the staff were only one or two thousand Gold above market value, Shi Feng would’ve considered purchasing it. However, Shi Feng was not willing to pay 13,000 Gold.

Seeing Shi Feng’s disinterest, Harold dismissed his hopes of promoting the items. Instead, he led Shi Feng to a corner.

Three small glass cabinets occupied the corner, each cabinet containing a thick, solid book cast in gold. These were none other than the magic array designs.

“May I know if you are satisfied with our products, sir?” Harold asked, smiling.

Although the magic array designs were not as valuable as the five items, they were still particularly high-priced items in the shop.

Among the three designs, the cheapest, the Thirteen Totem Poles, cost 8,000 Magic Crystals. It was a Basic Suppression Magic Array and required 13 magical classes to activate. It was superbly effective against lone Field or Dungeon Bosses. The magic array belonged to the middle-upper standard among Basic Magic Arrays.

The second design cost 12,000 Magic Crystals and was the Double Protection Barrier. It was similarly a Basic Magic Array but of a much higher standard than the Thirteen Totem Poles. It required 100 magical class players to activate. When activated, it formed a defensive magic array that would block all damage from the outside. Among Basic Magic Arrays, it was of the highest quality.

The last design was also the most valuable, costing 24,000 Magic Crystals. This magic array was the Divine Beast’s Descent. The magic array concentrated the Mana of 88 Summoners to summon a Divine Beast to do battle. It belonged to the middle-upper standard among Intermediate Magic Arrays.

As I expected of the exchange shop! It even has an Intermediate Magic Array!

Shi Feng was shocked.

Basic Magic Array Designs were relatively easy to find in God’s Domain. However, after reaching the Intermediate rank, magic array designs became extraordinarily rare. Even large Guilds found them quite difficult to obtain. Thus, it was truly surprising to find one in the exchange shop.

Although the Divine Beast’s Descent Magic Array cost far more than its market value, the magic array would play a massive role in Guild wars.

The Nine-star Polar Domain Magic Array he currently possessed was a suppression-type magic array. Its main purpose was to weaken Bosses. In a war between players, its results were only satisfactory if used in narrow terrain. For siege battles and battles in broad, open spaces, the Intermediate Magic Array was not particularly useful.

However, the Divine Beast’s Descent was a summoning-type magic array, and players could utilize powerful monsters in battle. This was like a Summoning Scroll. Only, the magic array’s conditions were much more stringent, requiring 88 Summoners to maintain it. If the magic array were interrupted, the summoned creature would disappear immediately. Most importantly, it was extremely costly as it required 88 magic array scrolls to activate. These scrolls would also disappear after a single use…

Even so, it was an extremely powerful tool of war. After all, ordinary players’ role in these wars was simply too small. They were practically negligible. However, combining their power and transforming them into a devastating force would be terrifying. After all, ordinary players comprised the majority of a Guild’s members.