Chapter 1066 - Black Flame Appears

Chapter 1066: Black Flame Appears

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

FluffyGoblyn

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1066 – Black Flame Appears

Standing at the top of Stone Forest Town’s Magic Tower, Aqua Rose and her companions noticed dust clouds rising in the distance as they finished taking care of the town’s defense. Upon closer inspection, they would discover swarms of monsters beneath the dust.

“How can there be so many monsters?!” Blackie watched the black patch approach Stone Forest Town from a distance, shock filling his heart. It looked as if a swarm of locust was advancing on the town.

Blackie wasn’t alone in his surprise. All players that witnessed this scene were frightened.

Although they had seen high-level monsters before, this was the first time any of them had seen so many high-level monsters moving as a unit. The earth even shook as the monsters moved.

Players were nothing in front of these monsters.

These monsters were all Level 60 and above. Moreover, they were, at the very minimum, Elite rank. There were also plenty of massive Chieftains, Lords, High Lords, Great Lords, and Grand Lords that were over 30 meters tall.

“Crap, what are those?!” Minor Wind cried out after using Eagle Eyes, which enhanced his vision far beyond that of normal players.

Currently, ordinary players could only see the batch of monsters in the lead. They couldn’t see the three one-eyed monsters that were over a hundred meters tall walking behind the monster army.

“Minor, what’s wrong? What’s got you so scared?” Aqua Rose asked curiously.

“Mythic… Mythic monsters!” Minor Wind stuttered, his complexion paling. “There are… three of them!”

To current players, Mythic monsters were insurmountable. They were the equivalent of Tier 4 classes among players. Currently, the strongest monsters players would encounter were Grand Lords. Even then, Grand Lords required a lot of planning and sacrifice to raid, not to mention Mythic monsters.

Everyone already discovered that a Level 60 Mythic monster resided in Black Ridge Town. They were forced to realize just how powerless they were against such an existence. Even 10,000 players were nothing in front of the Mythic monster.

All three Mythic monsters were Level 65. They were even stronger than the Mythic monster in Black Ridge Town.

“How can this be? Wasn’t there only supposed to be one of them?” Aqua Rose frowned.

To ensure their victory against Blackwater’s Mythic monster, she had used her connections to obtain five Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls. She had even negotiated with the Secret Pavilion and traded a large amount of Tier 3 Gemstones for three Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls. With eight Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls, they should be able to pin down a Mythic monster.

Yet, now, there were three of them…

“Big Sis Aqua, Blackwater’s vanguard has arrived,” Minor Wind reported. “There seem to be 50 of them, and the leader looks like Blackwater’s Guild Leader, Abandoned Wave! Pantheon’s members are also with them!”

Ordinary players needed to run for over ten hours to reach Stone Forest Town. However, players could reach the town in around four hours on Mounts.

As soon as Minor Wind announced the incoming army, everyone saw over a dozen massive magic arrays appear in the distant sky.

As these massive magic arrays began to gather a frightening amount of Mana, monsters that were around 20 to 30 meters tall emerged from these magic arrays.

“Why do they have so many Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls?!” Blackie could not help but panic.

Zero Wing had only obtained eight of such scrolls after much difficulty, yet Blackwater had easily prepared a total of seventeen Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls. Moreover, unlike the monsters in the monster army, players controlled these summoned creatures. The threat they posed to Stone Forest Town far surpassed that of an ordinary Great Lord.

…

Standing atop a hill some distance away from Stone Forest Town, Abandoned Wave and Peerless, the commander of Pantheon’s various legions for this war, laughed as they watched the monster army before them.

“Against so many monsters, even an NPC city would fall. I want to see how Zero Wing deals with this.” Abandoned Wave revealed a confident smile.

“Brother Wave, you are too excited. How can an NPC city possibly be that easy to raid? Just the Level 200, Tier 4 NPC stationed in the city could easily obliterate us several times,” Peerless said, rolling his eyes at Abandoned Wave.

However, he had to admit that the monsters Abandoned Wave had called forth were incredibly powerful. With current players’ strength, it was impossible to defend against these monsters.

“I was only joking,” Abandoned Wave laughed. “However, even now, Black Flame hasn’t shown himself. I’m guessing that Zero Wing has already given up on Stone Forest Town.”

“That shouldn’t be the case. Stone Forest Town is Zero Wing’s goldmine. Unless absolutely necessary, they won’t abandon it,” Peerless said sternly.

“Let’s hope that’s the case, then. That way, I’ll get to use some of the trump cards I worked hard to prepare,” Abandoned Wave casually replied.

To assure his victory in Stone Forest Town, he had planned very carefully.

No matter how Zero Wing struggled, Stone Forest Town would eventually belong to Blackwater.

…

Star-Moon City region, Saimu Town. Inside the second-floor VIP room of a high-class bar…

Twenty people had gathered inside this room. These people were all Level 40 or higher. Moreover, they were all Assassins. As for Fire Dance, this group’s leader, she was Level 44.

“Guild Leader, you really don’t need us to go over and help?” Fire Dance worriedly asked as she watched the cloaked Shi Feng enter the room.

She already understood the gist of the situation due to Aqua Rose.

To put it simply, Stone Forest Town’s situation was grim.

Over 200,000 monsters surrounded Stone Forest Town. Moreover, the lowest-leveled monster among them was Level 60. There were even plenty of Chieftains, Lords, and Great Lords in the mix as well. The measly 20,000-plus elite Zero Wing members, NPC soldiers, and guards stationed in Stone Forest Town were not enough to deter this army.

These monsters acted under the command of a player. To better-capture Stone Forest Town, the player controlling these monsters would be close to the battlefield.

If their team of Assassins could eliminate that player, the monster army would fall into disarray. This would make it easier for Zero Wing’s members to defend the town.

“No. I have another task I need you all to do,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head. He then took out ten silver magic scrolls and dozens of Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, handing them over to Fire Dance. “The silver magic scrolls are Probing Scrolls. They can sense all monsters within a 3,000-yard radius. Your task is to find the anchor points for the magic array sealing the Stoneclaw Mountains. These anchor points are easy to find. As long as you see a large gathering of monsters, I’m 90% certain that it’ll be an anchor point.

“However, Blackwater’s people are not fools. They will have heavy security there. It is also very difficult to destroy those anchor points. When destroying them, use these Tier 2 Magic Scrolls. Once the seal lifts, our people can teleport to Stone Forest Town in droves.”

After issuing his instructions, Shi Feng used Space Movement to reach Stone Forest Town.

Shi Feng’s sudden appearance immediately attracted everyone’s attention in the town. Shi Feng had already used the Demon Mask to disguise himself as Black Flame. Even if people tried not to pay attention to him, the horrific aura he radiated made it difficult to ignore him.

“That is the Guild Leader, Black Flame?” Alluring Summer could not help but size up Shi Feng in surprise.

Not only was the man Level 44, but just by standing there, his aura resembled that of a prehistoric beast. Despite such a huge distance separating them, alarms sounding off in her mind, warning her of her imminent demise.

…

“He has arrived?” Abandoned Wave quickly received news of this matter. Sneering, he said, “So what?”

…

As Shi Feng reached the top of the Magic Tower, he placed his hand on the massive crystal ball.

“Activate Battle Mode!”