Chapter 1075 - Suppressing Tier 3

Chapter 1075 – Suppressing Tier 3

The instant Shi Feng used Summon Guard, two unassuming figures appeared beside him.

“Personal Guards?”

When Laughing Drunkard saw the two figures, his lips curled up, and disdain filled his eyes.

Currently, even very high-leveled Personal Guards were only Level 60. Even if they conquered their Tier 2 class promotions, a Tier 3 summoned creature could easily kill them.

“Scram!”

Laughing Drunkard’s summoned creature used the Tier 2 Skill, Dark Claw. He intended to send the two NPCs flying and finish Shi Feng off.

After all, if Shi Feng tried to hide, he’d be very hard to find in a town this size.

Right now, he was helpless against the Magic Towers. However, if he could kill Shi Feng, he could deal a greater blow to Zero Wing’s morale.

Dang!

As if it had collided with adamantium, the summoned creature’s claws stopped mid-swing, the clang of metal echoing across the town.

“This…” Laughing Drunkard wore an incredulous expression. “A Tier 2 NPC blocked a Tier 3 summoned creature’s Tier 2 Skill?”

The gap between Tier 2 and Tier 3 was massive. This was especially true for monsters and NPCs. It was impossible for a Tier 2 NPC to stand against a Tier 3 monster.

Yet, as the impossible became a reality, Laughing Drunkard’s mind was blown.

They’ve really grown after completing the Epic Quest. They’re both so much stronger.

Shi Feng was quite satisfied with Kite’s performance.

If Kite were an ordinary Personal Guard, he wouldn’t be able to easily fend off the Tier 2 Skill of a Level 60, Tier 3 summoned creature. However, Kite was a Dark-Gold Guard. He was practically invincible among those of the same tier.

Now that Kite had completed an Epic Quest, his combat power had risen once again.

The new, silver longsword Kite wielded made this apparent. Although the hilt was hollow, it shone with a dazzling, golden brilliance. Rather than a sword, it looked as if Kite wielded a miniature sun. The sword was no less elegant than the Sacred Sword, Killing Ray. Kite’s weapon was also Epic rank.

Not only had Kite replaced many of his old weapons and equipment, but he had also risen from Level 65 to Level 68. His leveling speed was astonishing. Being able to block the attack of an ordinary Tier 3 summoned creature was expected.

However, Anna’s transformation was even greater than Kite’s.

Anna wore gorgeous, black and white mage robes and held a golden scepter. Her waist-long golden hair fluttered freely in the wind. Whether it was her appearance or temperament, she emitted the aura of a goddess. Even a great beauty like Aqua Rose was mesmerized by Anna’s beauty.

A single glance was all it took to captivate countless male players.

As for her level, she had already reached Level 69.

“How can this world have such a beautiful NPC?!”

“Crap! Even if I have to spend everything I have, I have to find an NPC like that for myself!”

As everyone was enchanted by Anna’s appearance, body, and temperament, some experts had noticed the items she wore.

As this was the first time Shi Feng had summoned Kite and Anna since their Epic Quest, he had not had an opportunity to hide the effects of their weapons and equipment. Hence, their items were available for all to see.

At first, only Anna’s appearance had surprised the watching players. However, upon closer inspection, these players gasped.

“A Fragmented Legendary Weapon!”

Everyone’s eyes were glued on the golden scepter Anna wielded, greed filling their gazes. If not for the fact that players could not use NPCs’ items, they would’ve charged into Stone Forest Town to steal that scepter.

Currently, Epic weapons were the highest rank available to players. There had not been any sightings of weapons or equipment above Epic rank. If they could get their hands on a Fragmented Legendary Weapon, they would instantly gain fame and fortune.

“Do these Personal Guards belong to Zero Wing’s Guild Leader? They’re simply amazing!”

“Crap! This is insane! I only recently equipped my Personal Guard with a set of Bronze Equipment. Even the Guild upper echelons’ Personal Guards I’ve seen are using at most Secret-Silver or Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment.”

…

“This is somewhat thorny. You two, help me pin down these NPC guards. I’ll deal with Black Flame!” Laughing Drunkard quickly reacted. After a single clash, he understood that he couldn’t injure Shi Feng if he fought alone.

Only with the two other Tier 3 summoned creatures holding back Shi Feng’s Personal Guards would he have a chance of killing Zero Wing’s Guild Leader.

“Leave it to us, boss!”

Snapping out of their daze, the players controlling the two other summoned creatures launched an assault against Kite and Anna.

Unfortunately, while Laughing Drunkard’s plan was fairly solid, he severely underestimated Anna.

By the time the two summoned creatures arrived before Anna, the latter had finished chanting her Spell. Anna then slammed the butt of her scepter against the ground.

Like a drop of water falling into a still lake, Anna’s scepter created ripples in the surrounding Mana. Immediately after, ten Tier 2 Rock Guards rose from the ground. Anna was capable of summoning far more creatures than ordinary Summoners. Moreover, the Rock Guards were Level 69.

Following which, Anna started another chant and cast a Spell to strengthen the ten Rock Guards.

In the next moment, the Rock Guards split up and surrounded the two Tier 3 summoned creatures. Even when the latter attacked, the Rock Guards received the blows without hesitation.

However, the biggest surprise was the fact that each Rock Guard was nearly as strong as a Tier 3 Great Lord of the same level. They were on par with the Level 60, Tier 3 summoned creatures. With five of them working together, they easily suppressed one Tier 3 summoned creature.

“How can there be such powerful Tier 2 NPC guards?” Laughing Drunkard ground his teeth as he watched Kite and Anna. Despite Shi Feng standing right in front of him, he couldn’t approach Shi Feng at all.

Kite, the NPC guard he faced, already had higher Strength than his summoned creature. In terms of speed, the NPC was even more frightening. His creature couldn’t respond to the NPC’s attacks in time.

Every one of Kite’s attacks devoured over a hundred thousand of his creature’s HP. If the former used a Tier 2 Skill, he could deal over -400,000 damage.

Kite’s combat standards came as an even greater shock to Laughing Drunkard.

A Tier 2 NPC fought as if it had entered the Refinement Realm. Kite’s HP might not be a match for a Tier 3 summoned creature, but he was definitely superior in terms of Strength and speed. On the other hand, the summoned creature Laughing Drunkard controlled could only display the Half-step Refinement Realm. In the end, Laughing Drunkard had to watch helplessly as his summoned creature’s HP fell.

Suddenly, Anna arrived to assist Kite, using the Tier 2 Skill, Elemental Thorns against Laughing Drunkard’s summoned creature.

With one attack, the summoned creature was forced to retreat by over a dozen yards. Not only had the attack dealt over -500,000 damage, but it also gave Kite an easier time damaging the summoned creature.

Laughing Drunkard’s summoned creature could no longer resist the bombardment.

Against Anna and Kite’s joint assault, it was only a short moment before Laughing Drunkard’s summoned creature collapsed, never to rise again.