Chapter 1074 - Turning The Tables

Chapter 1074 – Turning the Tables

“This is…”

Quickly, Laughing Drunkard noticed that at another two Magic Towers had appeared in the town. The two new Magic Towers were positioned to form a triangle with the Magic Tower before him, and there seemed to be a faint connection between the three constructs.

“How has Zero Wing obtained three Magic Towers?!”

Jealousy filled Abandoned Wave and Peerless, who watched from afar.

Even when the Divine Dragon had been summoned, they hadn’t envied Zero Wing.

They had already witnessed the Magic Tower’s effects personally, so they knew just how powerful the construction was. A Super Guild or first-rate Guild would only need to dispatch a fraction of its forces to defend a town with a Magic Tower.

Obviously, such a powerful, valuable construction was not easy to build.

Yet, Zero Wing had constructed three Magic Towers in one town.

…

“Extravagant! Zero Wing is simply too extravagant!” Despite his ability to control himself, Yuan Tiexin could not help but curse as he stared at the new Magic Towers.

Stone Forest Town’s magic barrier had already been destroyed, and Blackwater’s Tier 3 summoned creatures were inside the town. It was a waste to complete more Magic Towers.

With two Magic Towers, one could operate two towns with a player population of one million!

Now, at best, these two additional Magic Towers could eliminate some monsters. It would not affect the overall situation at all.

Zero Wing would have been better off selling these Magic Towers to the Secret Pavilion.

…

“Hmph. Even if you have two more Magic Towers, it is futile,” Laughing Drunkard snorted disdainfully.

Were the magic barrier protecting the town still present, he might’ve feared the three Magic Towers.

Previously, dodging the Magic Tower’s attacks had been relatively easy. However, if three Magic Towers attacked simultaneously, he wouldn’t escape the attack’s range in time. Meanwhile, the Magic Towers possessed the destructive power of a Tier 4 large-scale destruction Spell. Even a Tier 3 summoned creature would suffer under such a bombardment. After receiving a few hits, his summoned creature would be heavily injured, which would decrease its combat power. In the end, he would not be able to destroy the Magic Towers.

However, Stone Forest Town no longer had a magic barrier to protect it, and Zero Wing had no way of hindering his summoned creature in the town. Even destroying ten Magic Towers wouldn’t be difficult, much less three.

“Shatter!”

Laughing Drunkard then used his summoned creature’s Tier 3 Skill, Wind Ripper.

In the next moment, wind-type Mana gathered around the creature’s claws, forming a tornado that was over 50 meters tall.

Wind Ripper was the summoned creature’s strongest Skill. Although the Skill had a one-hour Cooldown, generally, summoned creatures could only exist for three hours.

It’s over!

Aqua Rose felt her heart grow cold as she watched the tornado, which was even taller than the Magic Tower, spin toward her.

Boom!

When the tornado crashed into the Magic Tower, dust and dirt flew into the air. Laughing Drunkard revealed a wicked smile.

“Huh? This… This is… impossible!”

However, when Laughing Drunkard turned to the tower after the dust cleared, he was stunned.

As the dust settled, the Magic Tower stood before him.

Although the cracks had widened, they were gradually mending. This was the most astonishing thing Laughing Drunkard had ever seen.

Even Aqua Rose, Zero Wing’s Vice Guild Leader, was flabbergasted.

Previously, the summoned creature’s normal attacks had shaken the Magic Tower, yet after receiving a Tier 3 Skill, not only hadn’t the tower crumbled, but it also began to regenerate slowly.

“I won’t let you recover!” Laughing Drunkard succumbed to madness as he controlled his summoned creature to strike the Magic Tower once more.

However, despite the creature’s bombardment, the cracks didn’t widen. On the contrary, the cracks decreased.

…

Shi Feng, who stood in a distant Magic Tower, could not help but laugh and shake his head as he watched Laughing Drunkard’s crazed assault.

How foolish!

As the mainstream defensive structure during God’s Domain’s later stages, the Magic Tower had its own unique qualities. Otherwise, wouldn’t capturing a town or city during the game’s mid-late stages have been a piece of cake for Tier 4 or 5 experts? If that were the case, why would anyone have bothered to construct these Magic Towers?

As long as another Magic Tower was within range, the towers’ Defense would increase significantly. The Magic Towers would reach their peak when five were within range. Moreover, due to the magic patterns on the tower, it would automatically gather the surrounding elemental Mana to repair itself. The number of Magic Towers near each other would also affect this trait.

Now that Stone Forest Town had three Magic Towers, the structures might not hold up against Tier 4 Mythic monsters for long, but they would have no problems against Tier 3 monsters.

…

“How can this be?!” Abandoned Wave could no longer sit still. “Everyone else, help Drunkard! I want those Magic Towers destroyed!”

If they failed to destroy the Magic Towers and allowed the defensive structures to attack freely, their army of 200,000 monsters would be massacred before they could annihilate Zero Wing’s 20,000 elites.

Without nearby healers with the Resurrection Skill, players generally needed half an hour before they would automatically resurrect. However, their monsters would not revive; their deaths were permanent.

Abandoned Wave’s angry bellow increased the pressure on the dozen or so players who controlled the Tier 3 summoned creatures. Hurriedly, they began to push through the encirclement of NPCs and players and charged forward to join Laughing Drunkard at the Magic Tower.

Previously, as Laughing Drunkard had already broken through the encirclement, they had thought they could leave the Magic Tower and Defense Turrets’ destruction to him. However, the situation had changed.

Even if they had to endure the attacks from Zero Wing’s Tier 3 summoned creatures, they had to break free and reach the Magic Towers.

A few moments later, two more half-HP summoned creatures broke free and arrived to help Laughing Drunkard attack the Magic Tower.

Seeing this, Shi Feng had to admit that their plan was somewhat effective. However, the addition of the two summoned creatures only served to slow the Magic Tower’s recovery rate; the structure took no additional damage.

As the three summoned creatures madly bombarded the tower, Shi Feng appeared behind them.

…

“Has Black Flame lost his mind?! He’s approaching three Tier 3 summoned creatures!” Yuan Tiexin wore an astonished expression as he stared at the Shi Feng on the screen.

Tier 3 summoned creatures under player control were no trifling matter. Only ranged players had any chance against them. Melee players would simply seek death if they tried to take these monsters on.

As she watched, Purple Jade was also confused.

Although she had an inkling of Black Flame’s intentions, it was ludicrous! With his identity as a Guild Leader, it was unlikely that Black Flame would do such a thing.

…

“Black Flame?” Upon seeing Shi Feng, Laughing Drunkard sneered as he said, “I’ve been looking for you! To think you would actually show yourself before me! Die!”

Saying so, Laughing Drunkard sent his summoned creature’s claw slamming towards Shi Feng.

Although Laughing Drunkard couldn’t fully display his combat standards due to controlling another body, he still pushed his summoned creature into the Half-step Refinement Realm. No Tier 1 player could cope with his explosive speed.

“So fast!” Aqua Rose, who watched from a safe distance, gasped.

In the blink of an eye, the summoned creature’s claw appeared above Shi Feng’s head.

Boom!

When the claw struck, it carved several deep grooves in the ground.

As for Shi Feng, the attack had thrown him a short distance away. However, he had not received any damage; in the moment of imminent peril, he activated Parry to nullify the damage.

“You blocked it?” Laughing Drunkard was slightly surprised. However, he recovered from his daze quickly and laughed as he coldly declared, “I want to see how many Skills you have!”

Saying so, he brandished the summoned creature’s claws against Shi Feng once more.

Sure enough, a Tier 3 summoned creature under an expert’s control is really powerful.

After Shi Feng slammed into the ground, both of his hands were numb.

It seems that I have no choice but to summon them.

Watching the summoned creature charge at him, Shi Feng calmly revealed two scrolls.

Summon guards!