Chapter 1076 - Final Fight

Chapter 1076 – Final Fight

“It’s dead?”

“How did it die so quickly?!”

The Blackwater members controlling summoned creatures were momentarily stunned.

Laughing Drunkard was a top-class expert in their Guild. Moreover, he could display far more of his creature’s strength than they could.

Yet, after just a few moments, his summoned creature, which had tens of millions of HP, died. Moreover, it had been killed by just two Tier 2 NPCs…

“Damn it! Damn it! You couldn’t even last a few minutes against two Tier 2 NPCs?!” Abandoned Wave cursed at Laughing Drunkard, who stood beside him.

“Guild Leader, those two NPCs are extraordinary. They’ve both reached the Refinement Realm standard. They can execute all of their moves naturally. Moreover, their Basic Attributes are even higher than the Tier 3 summoned creature I controlled,” Laughing Drunkard explained. “So, I…”

“Enough! Stop finding excuses! I only want results!” Abandoned Wave glared at Laughing Drunkard.

Laughing Drunkard immediately fell silent.

However, standing to the side, Peerless frowned when he heard Laughing Drunkard’s comments.

He had originally expected to finish Zero Wing off with their Tier 4 Curse.

He had never expected that Zero Wing would have hidden such a trump card.

He had witnessed the fight between the Tier 3 summoned creature and the two Tier 2 NPCs personally.

He had to admit that Laughing Drunkard had not lost without reason. Without much of a difference in Basic Attributes, a Half-step Refinement Realm summoned creature was no match for Refinement Realm NPCs.

Now that Laughing Drunkard, the most skilled player among those controlling Blackwater’s summoned creatures, had been defeated, it was only a matter of time before the remaining twelve creatures were killed.

“Brother Peerless, what do you think we should do now?” Abandoned Wave had already used all of his cards. He could not think of another way to destroy the Magic Towers.

The Magic Towers’ Defense had already been quite high. Now that two absurdly powerful NPC guards had joined the fray, it was practically impossible to destroy Stone Forest Town’s fortifications.

Of course, they could instruct the monster army to invade the town. With the number of players defending the town, Zero Wing could not fend off this army. However, doing so would discard the goldmine that was Stone Forest Town, which was the exact opposite of what he wanted.

Frustration filled Abandoned Wave’s heart when he thought about how he couldn’t obtain Stone Forest Town.

Of course, having his elite army force their way into the town wasn’t a viable option either. Not only would he suffer immense losses by doing so, but they still might fail to capture Stone Forest Town. The monster army’s losses made this clear.

There was only one real method to capture a town; destroy the Guild Residence of the town’s ruler and obtain the Town Token hidden within. As long as one held the token for two hours, that player would secure the town’s ownership.

Capturing a town was not as difficult as most thought. There was no need to kill every member of the ruling Guild in the town. One simply needed to destroy the ruling Guild’s Residence and obtain the Town Token.

However, the two NPC guards Shi Feng had summoned were simply too powerful. If they defended Zero Wing’s Residence, sending players to take down the Residence would be as effective as sending them through a meat grinder…

“I have a plan. However, it will depend on your resolve,” Peerless said after considering Abandoned Wave’s question.

“What is it?” Abandoned Wave was out of options.

“First, stop the assault on the town for now and order the monster army to retreat. Once Blackwater’s elite army arrives, we’ll charge into the town as one force,” Peerless said, chuckling. “Afterward, I’ll have my Guild’s experts sneak into Zero Wing’s Residence to steal the Town Token. Of course, for this plan to work, we have to prevent those two NPC guards from entering Zero Wing’s Residence. You must keep them away from the Residence. I’m not confident of our success otherwise.”

Pantheon’s Dark Blade members were among the best in God’s Domain when it came to infiltration. Players had no way of sensing their presence. However, the same could not be said for Level 60-plus, Tier 2 Refinement Realm NPCs. On the off chance that they were discovered, only death awaited them. After all, Dark Blade members’ survivability was extremely low.

“If I lure those two NPC guards away, how confident are you of succeeding, Brother Peerless?” Abandoned Wave asked when he noticed that Kite and Anna were already starting to clear out the remaining summoned creatures.

“Assuming that Zero Wing has used all of its hidden trump cards, roughly 90%,” Peerless said confidently.

This time, Nine Kills, the Dark Blade’s vice commander, would lead the legion.

Nine Kills had never failed to assassinate his targets. Stealing a Town Token would be a piece of cake.

“Alright, I’ll leave it to you, then,” Abandoned Wave reluctantly agreed. He then recalled his forces.

…

“Guild Leader, they’re retreating!” When Aqua Rose noticed the monster army pull away from the town, she could not help but grow excited.

“They’re retreating?” Shi Feng was slightly surprised to hear this.

The battle wasn’t even halfway over, yet Blackwater retreated. No matter how he thought about it, something smelled fishy.

Shi Feng wasn’t the only one surprised by Blackwater’s retreat. Everyone watching the war had questions of their own.

Although Zero Wing appeared to have the advantage, after all was said and done, the monster army was too strong. If this war continued, Blackwater had a chance of capturing the town. Not only would such an abrupt retreat result in unnecessary casualties, but it would also wound the approaching elite army’s morale. After all, Blackwater’s monster army had already reached the gates of Stone Forest Town. As long as they continued fighting, they could take the town.

However, after the monsters withdrew from the Magic Towers’ attack range, they stopped suddenly and defended their position. With this development, everyone finally understood what Blackwater intended to do.

Blackwater wasn’t retreating at all. Rather, it was preparing for a final strike!

Monsters’ Movement Speed was much higher than players, and Blackwater’s elite army was still on its way to Stone Forest Town. There was still some time before it would arrive. Hence, Blackwater intended to wait. Once both armies were present, it would launch an all-out assault against Stone Forest Town.

…

“So, they’re finally getting serious,” Shi Feng muttered as he watched Blackwater’s elite army gradually approach from atop a Magic Tower.

Players were different from monsters. Although players were not as strong as monsters individually, they were able to cooperate to display a strength that surpassed their own. If it really came down to a fight, the elite army would be far more difficult to deal with than the monster army.

“Guild Leader, look over there!” Aqua Rose said as she pointed towards the group of one-horned humanoid monsters that had suddenly appeared from the southeast.

Based on their investigations, not only were the humanoid monsters frighteningly strong, but their intelligence was also shockingly high. Among them, some were on par with ordinary expert players. Most likely, the Great Lords were even more powerful than the Tier 3 summoned creature Laughing Drunkard had controlled.

Over 100 one-horned humanoid monsters had arrived on the battlefield, and they were all Level 60. Among them, 20 were Great Lords, while the rest were High Lord rank.

…

“Guild Leader Wave, this is the most help I can offer. Don’t forget your promise!” the bandaged man growled when he contacted Abandoned Wave.

“Rest assured; after we capture Stone Forest Town, I’ll gather 300,000 elite players and 300 expert players for you,” Abandoned Wave responded with a slightly grim expression.

Unlike the other monsters in the monster army, the humanoid monsters wouldn’t pollute the town with Evil Energy if they entered. However, the humanoid monsters were incredibly precious. Hence, the bandaged man hadn’t wanted to risk losing them.

However, to guarantee Stone Forest Town’s capture, the bandaged man had no choice.

“I refuse to believe that Zero Wing can fend off this attack!”

Following which, Abandoned Wave issued the command to attack.

Immediately, both the monster army and the player army charged towards Stone Forest Town from all directions.