Chapter 1083 - One Man, One Sword Defends The Entire Town

Chapter 1083: One Man, One Sword Defends the Entire Town

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

Chapter 1083 – One Man, One Sword Defends the Entire Town

Inside the long and narrow hallway, a large group of Blackwater members was currently staring quietly at the black-robed man standing in the middle of the hallway.

The man wielded two swords in his hands, and although his figure and appearance were the very definition of normal, just by him standing there, nobody dared to move forward in the hallway.

When the Blackwater members received a glance from this man, their bodies involuntarily retreated a step.

“Damn it! Why is there such a monster defending this place?!” Standing at the rear of the group, Qin Muyun frowned as she looked at this figure over her diamond-shaped shield.

This man was none other than Shi Feng.

Due to Shi Feng’s presence, she and the elite team she brought with her couldn’t proceed a step further towards the secret room behind him.

“Melees, move forward! Ranged players, attack as one! I want to see whether he runs out of Stamina first or we run out of players first!” Qin Muyun shouted.

The most realistic part about God’s Domain was the Stamina system, which was something else that other virtual reality games did not have.

Even the most powerful expert had a limit to their Stamina, and any combat they took part in would consume their Stamina.

Due to this reason, zerg tactics were effective against even the most powerful experts. Of course, situations like this were rare. After all, when experts sensed that their Stamina was running out, they could simply run away. However, escape was not an option for Shi Feng, because if he did, Blackwater would be able to steal the Town Token. At that time, Zero Wing would no longer have any chance to turn the tables.

When everyone from Blackwater heard Qin Muyun’s words, they unconsciously turned to look at each other. Still, nobody dared to approach Shi Feng.

Since they began fighting Shi Feng, several hundred players had already died—including Level 40 experts.

Yet, even now, Shi Feng still seemed to be brimming with energy.

After reaching their levels, losing a single level would set them back by many days. Nobody wished to die a pointless death.

Seeing her subordinates still paralyzed, Qin Muyun threatened, “What are you afraid of!? He’s currently in a Weakened state! His maximum Stamina must’ve decreased as well! If you all refuse to listen to orders, be ready to suffer the consequences later on!”

Having no other choice, Blackwater’s elite members could only grit their teeth as they steeled themselves to attack Shi Feng.

They had gone to great lengths to join Blackwater. If they disobeyed an order from their superior, the consequences would be extremely severe. The Guild would not only expel them but also hunt them down. Dying and losing one level now was much better than being killed by Blackwater until they were back to Level 0.

Moreover, it was just like Qin Muyun had said. Shi Feng was currently in a Weakened state, and his Attributes had dropped to the point where he was even inferior to elite players like themselves.

Players under a Weakened state wouldn’t have only their Basic Attributes reduced. Even Hidden Attributes like Stamina would be affected as well.

Shi Feng had already solo killed several hundred players. His Stamina should already be at its limit.

After thinking up to this point, Blackwater’s elite members grew confident. Immediately, they began advancing on Shi Feng in groups of five.

Although the hallway was narrow, five people moving side by side could fit in it.

In the next moment, five Berserkers used Charge at Shi Feng simultaneously. The Clerics standing at the back also cast Truth Shield on these Berserkers, while the Oracles cast Protection, and the ranged damage dealers launched a flurry of attacks. They gave Shi Feng no chance to avoid damage.

Shi Feng’s side did not lose out to Blackwater’s elites, either. Violet Cloud, who stood inside the secret room, cast Truth Shield on Shi Feng, the Spell able to absorb over 7,000 points of damage. Violet Cloud’s Truth Shield was nearly twice as powerful as an ordinary Cleric’s.

When the Berserkers were only five yards away, Shi Feng tightened his grip around Killing Ray as he executed Thundering Flash. Five lightning snakes devoured the Berserkers. Not only did the attack immediately shatter the Truth Shield and Protection cast on the Berserkers, but it also took away one-fifth of the Berserkers’ HPs as well as neutralized all the ranged attacks.

Following which, Shi Feng executed Sword’s Orbit, enveloping the five Berserkers in starlight. The Berserkers’ advance stopped cold as they cried out in pain.

Even with the healers healing the Berserkers, their HPs fell at a rate visible to the naked eye. In a heartbeat, the five Berserkers became five corpses that were sent flying out of the hallway.

From beginning to end, only a few seconds had passed.

Everyone gasped at this scene.

Although Shi Feng’s Attributes had been reduced by 80% due to the backlash of using Twofold Berserk, after including the buff from the Magic Tower and the effects of his Basic Tyrant title, he still retained around 30% of his Attributes. Although the current Attributes he had might not be a match for Blackwater’s experts, he should be roughly equal with Blackwater’s elite members.

Moreover, the improved Sword’s Orbit also greatly enhanced his might. It was simply impossible for Blackwater’s elite members to defend against his attacks.

“Go again!” Qin Muyun shouted once more.

Although she could not see through Shi Feng’s Sword’s Orbit, she was no fool. She knew that the stronger a combat technique was, the greater the burden it placed on a person’s Stamina and Concentration.

If Shi Feng continued using the technique, it was only a matter of time before he exhausted himself completely.

Unfortunately for her, Qin Muyun did not know that Shi Feng possessed Life Essence, which could be used to improve his Stamina and Concentration recovery rate. A single drop of Life Essence could last him for two hours. He had no fear of running out of resources at all. On the contrary, by continuously using Sword’s Orbit, Shi Feng grew increasingly accustomed to the technique.

Following which, time passed by quickly.

Even after Qin Muyun’s legion of 1,000 elite players was nearly annihilated, Shi Feng’s powerful aura did not weaken in the slightest. On the contrary, the more he killed, the more vigorous he became.

“The Guild Leader really is amazing!”

“That’s right! Look at how dumbfounded Blackwater’s commander is! I’m guessing she’s already fallen for the Guild Leader’s manliness!”

“Even though the Guild Leader is in a Weakened state, he is still able to render Blackwater’s 1,000 elite members completely helpless. I don’t even dare to imagine what he is capable of if he were at his peak.”

The Zero Wing members inside the secret room all sent gazes of admiration at Shi Feng. Their blood started to boil at this scene.

Previously, most of them had only ever seen Shi Feng’s fights in videos, and those videos gave off a feeling of having been faked. However, now that they had personally experienced the pressure of contending against a legion of elite players as well as witnessed Shi Feng massacring over half of said legion all by himself, they were thoroughly stunned.

What was an expert?

Shi Feng was the exact embodiment of one.

Despite having roughly equal Attributes, he could still make a legion of over a thousand elite players shudder in fear.

“It’ll be a waste if only we get to watch this. Let’s upload the video for everyone to see!”

“That’s right! I’ll upload it now! We’ll let Blackwater’s members know that Guilds aren’t just about having a lot of members! Our Guild Leader can defend an entire town all by himself!”

Saying so, one of Zero Wing’s members began uploading their recorded video to the official forums.

One Man, One Sword Defends the Entire Town. Blackwater, what can you do to us?

Shortly after the video was uploaded with that title, an uproar broke out in Star-Moon Kingdom’s official forums. In less than a minute, the number of views already exceeded one million.

“Crap, is he really human?”

“Sure enough, he truly deserves to be called Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one expert! He is simply a monster! That’s a team of a thousand elites and experts!”

“Blackwater is in trouble this time. If they don’t defeat Black Flame, they will have no way of capturing Stone Forest Town!”

…

All the players who watched the battle video became hot-blooded.

One Man, One Sword Defends the Entire Town!

This incident would definitely go down as a legend in God’s Domain. Meanwhile, Blackwater had become the stepping stone used to create this legend.

After watching this video, the Zero Wing members, who were not taking part in the war at Stone Forest Town, were deeply moved. At this moment, they could not help but wish they could rush over to Stone Forest Town and fight together with their Guild Leader.

…

“Damn it! I don’t care what it takes. I want Black Flame dead immediately!” Abandoned Wave shouted madly, his complexion turning ashen after watching the battle video.

…

Just as Qin Muyun’s team was nearly wiped out, a group of players wearing red-white vests suddenly entered the hallway. Meanwhile, the woman standing in the lead was a Level 41 Berserker. The woman carried a massive battle axe on her back. As the woman looked at Shi Feng, a playful smile appeared on her face.

The Heaven Splitting Goddess!? Shi Feng’s expression tensed drastically when he saw this woman.