Chapter 1084 - Seal Removed

Chapter 1084 – Seal Removed

Every player in the hallway fell silent with Red Rain’s sudden appearance.

None of them could pull their eyes from Red Rain. This was not because of Red Rain’s beauty or transcendent figure. Rather, it was due to the oppressive aura she radiated.

Even the weakest present was a Guild elite player. They had experienced their fair share of battles in God’s Domain, and their senses had long since developed to be extremely sensitive of danger.

These players could tell that the oppression they felt wasn’t just from Red Rain. In fact, the battle axe gracing her back was the main culprit.

Rather than a battle axe, it was more appropriate to call it a massive, black scythe. Many blood-red patterns covered the scythe, and the weapon released an evil aura that made everyone present uncomfortable. As Red Rain approached, the discomfort became more prominent.

Faintly, these players felt their thought processes slow significantly.

“Why is she here?” When Violet Cloud, who stood inside the secret room, saw Red Rain, fear surfaced in her eyes. Hurriedly, she whispered a warning to Shi Feng, “Guild Leader, you need to be careful. That woman is very powerful. Even Level 65, Tier 2 guards were no match for her. Moreover, her battle axe is evil. It can slow her enemy’s reactions.”

It was impossible for current players to match the Attributes of Level 65, Tier 2 NPC guards. In terms of Strength, they were the equivalent of Level 65 Lords. Only, they had much lower HP. However, they compensated for that gap with their higher combat standards. They also possessed far more Skills than a Level 65 Lord. Generally, players very much preferred to fight a Lord ranked monster over a Tier 2 NPC.

If she had to face a Level 65, Tier 2 NPC, she would turn and flee. Even if she worked with Fire Dance, they had no hope of victory. However, Red Rain had, by herself, killed a Level 65, Tier 2 NPC.

To Violet Cloud, that fight had been unbelievable.

However, actions spoke louder than words. She had seen Red Rain defeat one Tier 2 NPC after another with her own eyes. She had even done so in a relatively relaxed manner…

Currently, Shi Feng suffered a Weakened state. Fighting Red Rain right now would be a nightmare.

Shi Feng responded to Violet Cloud’s concern with a silent nod. He did not ask her for any further information on the female Berserker.

After all, it was unlikely that anyone throughout God’s Domain was more familiar with the woman known as Red Ran than Shi Feng.

In the past, everyone had known about the Heaven Splitting Goddess, Red Rain.

During God’s Domain’s early stages, in particular, Red Rain had wielded the Magic Weapon Bloody Mary, which ranked 73rd on the God’s Domain Magic Weapon List.

The Secret Pavilion had compiled the God’s Domain Magic Weapon List in the past, ranking the game’s best 100 Magic Weapons after gathering all the information they could.

Magic Weapons were much rarer than Epic Weapons. However, finding some in every kingdom and empire was possible. Hence, every Magic Weapon on that list was among the best of the best . They all possessed special effects; ordinary Magic Weapons could not compete with them.

Among the top 100 Magic Weapons, Bloody Mary’s special effect was Mana Control.

The weapon would automatically absorb the surrounding Mana and gather it in its wielder, enhancing their combat power. This effect also deprived the area around Bloody Mary of Mana. If the environment’s Mana thinned, it would directly affect players’ performance. The effect was the exact opposite of the buff players enjoyed in Mana dense environments. In addition, Skills and Spells would be weaker in areas with less Mana.

As a result, Bloody Mary’s wielder possessed extremely strong combat power. This was especially true when the wielder fought players and NPCs.

Monsters generally relied on their Basic Attributes in combat. Players and NPCs were more reliant on their Skills and Spells. If Skills and Spells were weakened, this would significantly reduce players and NPCs’ combat power. In addition, due to the Mana deficiency, players and NPCs would also be slightly sluggish.

In a battle between experts, victory and defeat could be determined in the blink of an eye.

This kind of slowing effect was practically fatal.

Due to this, the scythe known as Bloody Mary qualified to rank on the Magic Weapon List.

As Bloody Mary’s level increased, its Mana Control effect would also grow stronger.

“You’re Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame?” Red Rain asked, her lips curling up slightly as she slowly strode forward until she was within 20 yards of Shi Feng. Sizing up Shi Feng, she said, “You really are as strong as the rumors say. You’re also quite the handsome man, aren’t you? It’s a pity that Old Peerless has already declared that you need to die. Otherwise, I’d really be interested in a match against you at your peak.”

She rather admired Shi Feng.

However, one person wasn’t strong enough to change the overall situation.

First, he had entered a Weakened state after fighting Dark Blade. Then he had fought numerous elites and experts from Blackwater. At this point, he should be at his limit in every aspect. Even without her attacking, this battle was already over. Moreover, more of Blackwater’s elites and experts had begun to arrive.

How many people could Shi Feng fend off by himself?

Following which, Red Rain unsheathed Bloody Mary and brandished it. Suddenly, as if the hallway’s Mana had been devoured, the players present felt as if they were suffocating. Only Red Rain appeared refreshed.

What a powerful special effect!

Shi Feng was shocked as he felt the area’s Mana dwindle to almost nothing.

In the past, he had only ever heard of Bloody Mary’s powerful Mana Control effect. He had never experienced it personally.

Currently, only twenty yards separated him and Red Rain. He could feel how powerful Bloody Mary was.

Even an expert like himself was slightly affected in such a Mana-lacking environment. He felt as if a layer of fog muddled his brain. He could no longer sense the minute fluctuations in the air around him. If the weapon’s power was so effective against him, there was no need to mention everyone else.

In such conditions, it was no wonder why Tier 2 NPCs were no match for Red Rain. Mana was even more important to NPCs. In such a Mana-lacking environment, a Tier 2 NPC could not even exert 10% of their usual combat power. Even if their Attributes were superior, their defeat was only a matter of course.

Suddenly, Red Rain used Charge and arrived before Shi Feng. She followed up with a downward slash, completing the process without any excess movements. Her actions were indescribably beautiful. Moreover, Red Rain had perfectly grasped Shi Feng’s movements. Her attack left no space for Shi Feng to dodge.

So fast!

Shi Feng’s heart grew cold.

Peng!

In the crucial moment, Shi Feng activated Defensive Blade and blocked Red Rain’s battle axe.

However, Red Rain had no intentions of giving Shi Feng time to catch a breather. Immediately, she launched with a series of attacks. With only 30% of his original Attributes, Shi Feng was no match for Red Rain. Adding in the fact that his reactions had slowed, defending against Red Rain’s attacks was even more difficult.

Even after Shi Feng executed Sword’s Orbit, due to the effect on his mind, his defense wasn’t at its best. As a result, Red Rain easily predicted and dodged his blades. In the end, he had to watch as the Berserker saved off his Defensive Blade’s block counts.

As Red Rain suppressed Shi Feng, the Red Jade Legion’s other experts circled Shi Feng and rushed into the secret room.

Seeing this, Violet Cloud led the other Zero Wing members to hold off the approaching enemies. Unfortunately, Violet Cloud was the only person capable of putting up a decent fight. The Red Jade Legion’s experts easily suppressed her companions. In a short moment, five Zero Wing members had died. In contrast, the enemy experts were alive. Both sides’ strengths were obvious at a glance.

“Begone!” Red Rain did not intend to waste any time with Shi Feng. After exhausting Defensive Blade’s block counts, she executed Flame Slash.

Immediately, the massive scythe transformed into a fire snake that attempted to devour Shi Feng.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

However, just before the fire snake reached Shi Feng, icicles emerged before the Swordsman, one after another, blocking the fire snake.

Where did that icicle come from?

Red Rain was confused.

However, before she could figure out what had happened, another icicle emerged from the ground. This time, the icicle aimed for her heart. Hurriedly, Red Rain used Whirlwind Slash and blocked the attack. However, the Red Jade Legion members inside the secret room were not as lucky. The icicles had heavily injured a few of them, giving Zero Wing’s members an opportunity to finish them off.

As expected, Chilling Field isn’t particularly effective with my current Attributes. Shi Feng felt somewhat helpless when he saw Red Rain easily fend off his icicle attack.

Despite having used a Domain Skill, he still was no threat to Red Rain. He had only succeeded in forcing her to retreat.

However, when Red Rain’s Whirlwind Slash came to an end, Shi Feng vanished and reappeared before Red Rain.

Instant Strike!

Illusory Shadow!

Immediately, Killing Ray transformed into a streak of blue light as it slashed at Red Rain. It was clear that Shi Feng intended to trade blow for blow.

Seeing this, Red Rain executed Chop without hesitation.

If they competed with their Strength and damage, the weakened Shi Feng had no hope against her.

Yet, after several exchanges, Red Rain was the first to collapse to the ground. Shi Feng remained unharmed.

“What’s going on?”

The Red Jade Legion members were stupefied. They could not figure out what had just happened.

They had watched everything with their own eyes. Both players had struck each other with their weapons. In the end, however, Shi Feng stood there, unharmed, while Red Rain lost her life.

Red Rain had suffered the most injustice in this battle

She never would’ve imagined that, before their clash had begun, Shi Feng had activated the Aura of Earth’s Absolute Defense, giving himself immunity to all damage for five seconds. He hadn’t been afraid of trading blows in the least…

Moreover, Shi Feng understood Red Rain’s personality.

Words like “arrogant” and “confident” described the woman perfectly. In addition, due to the fact that he still suffered a Weakened state, she would choose to meet his attacks head-on rather than dodging them.

After Red Rain died, the remaining Red Jade Legion members lost their will to fight.

Meanwhile, Abandoned Wave, who watched a live stream of this battle from outside Stone Forest Town, could not sit still and led Blackwater’s experts personally, charging into the town.

Even if Shi Feng were more powerful, he was just one person. It was simply impossible to fend off tens of thousands of players by himself.

“All of you, charge into Zero Wing’s Residence! I want to see how long Black Flame lasts by himself!” Abandoned Wave had finally descended into madness.

He was one step away from capturing Stone Forest Town. There was no way in hell he would give up when he was so close to achieving his goal.

The rest of Blackwater’s experts trusted Abandoned Wave’s judgement.

Currently, there were less than 5,000 Zero Wing members remaining. On the other hand, Blackwater had more than 50,000 players alive. It would take a miracle for Zero Wing to reverse the situation.

“In the end, is the gap still too wide to bridge?” Shi Feng frowned when he read Aqua Rose’s latest war report.

The numerical difference between their armies was simply too massive. Even the Magic Towers were not enough to bridge this gap.

Suddenly, Shi Feng received a message. It was from Fire Dance.

Shi Feng called the message up immediately.

The message only contained one sentence—The magic array’s core components have been destroyed!