Chapter 1080 - Heart And Sword Become One

Chapter 1080: Heart and Sword become One

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Chapter 1080 – Heart and Sword become One

“You!”

Nine Kills was shocked when he noticed the rise in Shi Feng’s aura.

Shi Feng’s Attributes had already been frightening. Now, even Nine Kills feared the Swordsman.

The feeling Shi Feng gave off resembled that of a Grand Lord, an existence that was capable of mutilating its terrain with each attack.

The sudden development made Nine Kills feel quite lucky.

Had Shi Feng used this power earlier, they wouldn’t have had the opportunity to trap in this barrier. They would have been forced to watch as Shi Feng slaughtered every Dark Blade member in Zero Wing’s Residence.

“Increasing your Strength is useless. No creature below Tier 4 can break free from the Magic Barrier Stones’ internal dimension,” Nine Kills commented as he watched Shi Feng from a distance. Chuckling, he continued, “However, you should be proud. Pantheon has only found twelve Magic Barrier Stones so far. As a precaution, I specifically applied for four stones for this war. I hadn’t expected to use all four on you.”

“How will I know if it is impossible if I don’t try?”

Shi Feng did not try to refute Nine Kills’ words. The Magic Barrier Stones were extremely powerful items. During God’s Domain’s mid-late stages, they had often been used against apex experts. Only, activating Space Sealing required at least four Barrier Stones.

Following which, Shi Feng began to slash at the enclosed space’s walls.

Despite being trapped inside the Magic Barrier Stones, he still received the Magic Towers’ buff. In terms of Strength, he should even rival a Grand Lord of the same level.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

However, even after a series of attacks, the magic barrier remained unharmed. Its Defense was even higher than the Magic Towers.

Is it no good? Shi Feng frowned.

If he were trapped in here for several hours, the war would end before he escaped.

Currently, Zero Wing relied on the sacrifice of its elite members to buy time. Although the Magic Towers were powerful, their attacks had limitations. In such a chaotic battlefield, friendly fire was common. Zero Wing was also at a huge disadvantage in terms of the number of experts.

Setting aside the fact that Pantheon had sent three of its core legions, Blackwater and Heaven’s Burial’s armies were more than enough trouble for Zero Wing.

Meanwhile, the most important aspect of a siege war was the Town Token.

With only Aqua Rose and several other Zero Wing core members, defending the Town Token was impossible. As long as Blackwater held onto the Town Token for two hours, this war would be over…

…

Dark Feather and his companions outside the barrier released a sigh of relief.

They had almost expected Shi Feng to burst free from the sealing barrier.

Those inside might not notice anything, but they had seen it clearly. Shi Feng’s attacks had shaken the magic barrier. Their hearts had shuddered with each boom that had echoed throughout the room.

“Thank goodness his Strength isn’t any higher! However, with his Attributes, the barrier won’t hold him for long. We should hurry!” After calming himself, Dark Feather finally understood why Nine Kills had asked them to use the Magic Barrier Stones instead of Tier 3 Magic Scrolls.

The others nodded in agreement. They then shifted their attention to the magic barrier protecting the Town Token.

Every town players captured had a secret room to store the Town Token. A Protection Barrier could then be erected inside the room. However, a small town’s Protection Barrier didn’t have a high Defense. As long as players dealt a total of 10,000,000 damage, they would destroy the barrier. Any player could steal the Town Token.

Meanwhile, when the Protection Barrier came under attack, all members belonging to the town’s ruling Guild who were in or near the town would be notified. After the invading players obtained the Town Token, they needed to hold onto it for two hours. Furthermore, they were not allowed to leave the town. If they held onto the token after the two hours were up, they would become the town’s new owner.

Following which, Dark Feather’s group arrived before the magic barrier, and each player retrieved a Tier 3 Magic Scroll.

These Magic Scrolls were single-target Attack Scrolls, and every one of them could give a Great Lord a run for its money.

Immediately, the four players began to activate their Magic Scrolls.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

Four Spells struck the magic barrier consecutively, immediately destroying over two million of the barrier’s HP, reducing the barrier to less than eight million.

…

Suddenly, Zero Wing’s members in Stone Forest Town received a system announcement.

Stone Forest Town Region Announcement: Stone Forest Town’s Protection Barrier is under attack! Please defend it quickly!

“Is our Guild Leader having trouble?” Aqua Rose could not help but worry when she received the notification.

Shi Feng had told them that he would defend the Town Token himself.

Only a small number of players were allowed to enter the secret room that contained the Town Token. Shi Feng, who possessed extremely high combat power, would be able to display his full strength there.

Aqua Rose tried to contact Shi Feng. However, the only response she received was a system notification that told her that the target player was temporarily unavailable.

“This won’t do. Violet, lead a team to check on the secret room!” Aqua Rose commanded after considering the situation.

“But what about them?” Violet Cloud asked as she watched Blackwater’s player army approach from the distance.

They could handle an army of elite players. Unfortunately, an eye-catching, 1,000-man legion marched alongside that army. This legion’s members were all Level 40 and above, and they all wore exquisite, red-white coats over their equipment. These players were none other than the Pantheon’s prided Red Jade Legion.

Although the Red Jade Legion only had 1,000 members, they were all experts. Despite having the Magic Towers’ buff, the Red Jade members easily slaughtered Zero Wing’s members. Only Zero Wing’s Dark Gods Legion barely held them back.

“Don’t worry. I’ll try to hold on for as long as possible. The Guild Leader’s situation is more important right now. If the Guild Leader is in trouble, there won’t be any point in defending this town,” Aqua Rose said, shaking her head.

“Alright, I’ll hurry.” Violet Cloud agreed with Aqua Rose’s logic. Immediately, she led a team of 100 elite players into Zero Wing’s Residence.

…

“Why is this Protection Barrier so resistant to Magic Scrolls?!” Dark Feather was stunned when he saw how little damage they had dealt.

That had been four Tier 3 Magic Scrolls!

The combined damage could even heavily injure a Great Lord, yet the barrier had only taken around two million damage.

Initially, they had expected the Protection Barrier to lose over five million HP after the four Tier 3 Magic Scrolls’ attacks. However, the barrier’s tenacity surpassed their expectations.

What Dark Feather did not know was that, thanks to the Magic Towers, the town’s buildings had received a significant resistance boost.

“Feather, what should we do? We only have two scrolls left. With our attacks, we’ll need quite some time to break the barrier. Zero Wing’s members will have more than enough time to reach us,” Dark Heart said.

“Forget about that for now. Before anything else, let’s use the rest of the scrolls!” Dark Feather ordered as he took out another Tier 3 Magic Scroll.

…

As the Protection Barrier’s HP decreased, Shi Feng halted his rampant attacks against the sealing barrier.

“Hahaha! What’s wrong? Giving up?” Nine Kills laughed.

In his opinion, Shi Feng was only wasting his energy. Exactly how precious were the Magic Barrier Stones? Their value could even rival Magic Scrolls that stored Tier 4 Curses. How could a measly Tier 1 player possibly break this barrier?

Shi Feng paid Nine Kills no mind. Instead, he calmed himself and cleared his mind, relaxing his body.

Thunder God’s Descent, activate!

Phantom Kill, activate!

Nine Dragons Slash, activate!

Immediately, Shi Feng’s doppelganger appeared beside him, the doppelganger having 80% of his Attributes. In addition, twelve Abyssal Blade phantoms hovered around him.

“Break!”

Shi Feng’s eyes flew open as he activated Flame Burst. Gathering his concentration, he controlled his doppelganger and the Abyssal Blade phantoms to attack the sealing barrier simultaneously.