Chapter 1093 - Epic Legacy Skill

Chapter 1093 – Epic Legacy Skill

“Kill him! Show him the consequences of trying to steal our Boss!”

Hearing Abandoned Wave’s command, all the ranged players focused their fire on Shi Feng.

Immediately, a barrage of Spells and arrows flew at Shi Feng, who was still in midair.

With Shi Feng caught in freefall, ranged players could easily predict his trajectory and aim their attacks accordingly.

“Die!”

Singular Burial hated Shi Feng down to the bones right now. If not for Shi Feng releasing Lancelot, Heaven’s Burial would not have suffered such a tragic loss. Now that Shi Feng had taken the initiative to come looking for a beating, how could Singular Burial possibly let the man get away?

Immediately, Singular Burial unslung the White Feather Double-string Longbow from his back. He then nocked five silver arrows carved with magic patterns and shot them at Shi Feng.

After he loosed the arrows, they merged into one and flew at Shi Feng like a meteor.

Singular Burial had just used the Tier 1 Taboo Skill Flying Meteor.

The power of this Taboo Skill rivaled that of a Tier 2 Skill. Even a Tier 2 Lord would be heavily injured and become temporarily paralyzed if they received it directly.

Aside from Singular Burial, other ranged experts had also used their specialties.

Instantly, over a hundred attacks locked on Shi Feng’s landing spot.

Faced with such an onslaught, even if Shi Feng were on the ground right now, he would find it impossible to dodge them all, not to mention that he was still in midair. However, just when he was about to enter the line of fire, his body suddenly stopped descending. Consequently, all the attacks simply streaked past underfoot.

Immediately after, Shi Feng, who had activated Wind Rider, flew towards Lancelot.

“He’s flying!?”

“How can he be flying?!”

Everyone was stupefied when they witnessed this scene. As for Singular Burial, who was somewhat familiar with Shi Feng, the fact that during the war at the Stoneclaw Mountains, Shi Feng had once flown for a short time popped into his head.

“This is bad! He lured us away from the Boss! Quick, stop the Evil Earth Dragon from attacking the NPC!” Noticing that Lancelot was moving farther and farther away, Singular Burial suddenly understood why Shi Feng had not used his flying Skill right off.

At this moment, aside from the last remaining Evil Earth Dragon, everyone else had stopped attacking Lancelot. Regardless, the damage of the Mythic monster was still much higher than the combined damage of all the players present. Even if it did not use any powerful attacks against Lancelot, it would shave off the NPC’s remaining 600,000 HP before long. With Shi Feng’s accurate judgment towards damage and timing, he could easily time his attack and land the finishing blow on Lancelot.

In addition, Blackwater’s members had previously taken the initiative to lure Lancelot away from the main army. With the distance created, Shi Feng would have more than enough time to steal all the loot before the main army could catch up.

This was a perfect plan that killed two birds with one stone.

Hearing Singular Burial’s words, Abandoned Wave also realized what was going on. Hurriedly, he had the bandaged man stop holding back the Evil Earth Dragon and let it attack Lancelot with its full power.

This Singular Burial sure reacted quickly.

Shi Feng frowned.

Just as Shi Feng was about to arrive before Lancelot, Abandoned Wave finally made a move himself. Taking out an extremely exquisite dark-green crystal ball from his bag, he began chanting the incantation to activate it. With a sinister smile on his face, Abandoned Wave squeezed the crystal ball and shattered it.

When the crystal ball shattered, a stream of black smoke flew to Shi Feng.

This crystal ball was an extremely precious sealing crystal that the bandaged man had given him. When activated, the crystal ball could Silence any single player within a radius of 100 yards for ten minutes.

Shi Feng’s Wind Rider Skill instantly vanished, and his body plummeted towards the ground.

“All melees, surround him! Do not let him get away no matter what!” Abandoned Wave shouted.

“Leave it to me, Guild Leader!” Laughing Drunkard, who was charging at the forefront, licked his lips when he saw Shi Feng falling. He was already prepared to land a fatal blow on Shi Feng.

The reason why players were strong was their ability to use numerous Skills and Spells. However, when they were Silenced, they could only resort to normal attacks. Needless to say, a Silenced player would have their combat power reduced significantly. Not to mention, Shi Feng was still in a Weakened state right now.

Aside from Laughing Drunkard, over a dozen other Level 40-plus melee experts were dashing towards Shi Feng. As soon as Shi Feng landed, they would use their Control Skills to restrict him and butcher him.

In response, however, Shi Feng took out a scroll from his bag leisurely.

Summon Guard!

Immediately, Kite’s tall and muscular figure appeared before Shi Feng in midair. The Dark-Gold Guard then executed the Tier 2 Skill Storm Blade.

In the next moment, dozens of invisible wind blades struck at Laughing Drunkard and the others.

“Damn it!” Laughing Drunkard immediately withdrew when he failed to read what kind of attack Kite had just executed.

However, everyone else was not as fortunate.

Anyone who attempted to defend against the descending wind blades ended up falling on their backs. Immediately after, several more wind blades reaped their lives.

By the time Kite and Shi Feng alighted safely, all the players—aside from Laughing Drunkard—who had been within 15 yards of them had died to the Dark-Gold Guard’s attack.

Kite’s power caused the players, who initially planned to rush at Shi Feng, to freeze up, putting an abrupt end to the footwork to execute Charge.

“Black Flame, you will die here today! Don’t think that a single NPC can save your life!” Although Laughing Drunkard feared Kite, Shi Feng himself was unable to use a single Skill. As long as they distracted Kite, killing Shi Feng would be a piece of cake.

“What if I have two?” Shi Feng laughed as he proceeded to summon Anna.

With the Dark-Gold ranked Kite protecting him and the Epic ranked Anna on the offensive, the difficulty of killing him would most likely be even greater than if he were at his peak.

The reason why guards were called guards in the first place was their very powerful ability to protect players.

Without even waiting for Shi Feng’s command, Anna sprang into action as soon as she appeared.

Ten Stone Guards abruptly appeared before her, forming a wall that blocked off all attacks from the front. The attacks of players could not even scratch the Stone Guards. In contrast, the Stone Guards sent numerous MTs flying with only a single attack. This situation rendered the surrounding players utterly helpless against Shi Feng. As a result, Shi Feng could stroll up to Lancelot.

“Crap! What kind of Personal Guards are they?! They can actually cleave through an army of players so easily!”

“My guess is that they’re Secret-Silver rank at the very least. They might even be the rumored Fine-Gold Guards.”

The spectating players were shocked when they saw how strong Kite and Anna were. Although the two NPCs had displayed frightening strength before, their performance right now was even more splendorous.

However, Abandoned Wave, the Guild Leader of Blackwater, gnashed his teeth angrily when he saw this scene. At the same time, his heart was also tinged with jealousy.

Kite was already plenty powerful, yet Shi Feng actually had two of such Personal Guards. The aura Anna exuded seemed superior to even Kite’s.

“Change of plans! All melees, deal with Black Flame! Everyone else, kill the Boss as quickly as possible!” Abandoned Wave reluctantly chose to deal with Lancelot first when he saw Shi Feng still unharmed despite coming under assault from so many players.

His decision was because, during the brief period they had stopped attacking Lancelot, the latter’s HP had recovered back to 2%. If this situation continued, even after they managed to kill Shi Feng, they wouldn’t have any way of dealing with the NPC.

Several thousand melee players promptly surrounded Shi Feng, blocking his path to Lancelot.

“Anna, it’s up to you now,” Shi Feng commanded immediately, having no intention of wasting time.

The strength of an Epic Guard was not as simple as Abandoned Wave thought it to be.

Nodding in response, Anna began chanting an incantation, her hand continuously writing line after line of divine runes so fast that others could not even see her hand.

Meanwhile, Kite and the ten Stone Guards hindered the assault of the maddened players and monsters.

As Anna chanted the final verse of the incantation, a golden magic array suddenly appeared in the middle of the sky, covering a radius of 100 yards. In the next moment, a woman wearing golden, divine armor and wielding a silver spear emerged from the magic array. Two sets of white, feathered wings spread wide from the woman’s back.

The instant this woman appeared, everyone could not help but turn their gaze towards the sky, fear and awe instantly flooding their hearts.

“A Valkyrie?”

“This is a lie, right?!”

Everyone was stupefied.

Without waiting for anyone to react, the Valkyrie flapped her wings and abruptly flew before Anna. With a wave of her spear, she sent a storm sweeping across everyone. The ground before the Valkyrie shattered as if the mortal world could not withstand even a normal attack of the Valkyrie.

“Quickly finish off Lancelot!” Shi Feng ordered hurriedly.

Angel Summoning was a Legacy Skill Anna learned after being promoted into an Epic Guard. The Skill allowed her to summon a Valkyrie to assist her in battle. However, the Valkyrie summoned could only be two tiers higher than Anna at most and would remain in existence for a short ten seconds. Moreover, Angel Summoning had a Cooldown of one full day. Shi Feng did not wish to waste this opportunity.

Under Anna’s command, the Valkyrie transformed into a streak of light and appeared before Lancelot. When the Valkyrie swept her spear towards Lancelot, the weapon tore apart even space itself. The power contained within the attack was even stronger than Lancelot’s without the suppression of the Obelisk’s magic array.

At the critical moment, Lancelot activated Five-layered Ice Mirror. However, when the layers of ice came into contact with the Valkyrie’s spear, they immediately shattered into oblivion. Furthermore, the spear’s power did not decrease even in the slightest as it landed on Lancelot’s body.

Boom!

Lancelot instantly shot away, and his body crashed into the Obelisk. His remaining 2% HP instantly fell to 0, leaving him deader than dead.