Chapter 1097 - Might Of The Sword King

Chapter 1097: Might of the Sword King

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1097 – Might of the Sword King

Although Peerless was dismayed, he very quickly regained his calm.

He might not be a match for Shi Feng in a frontal confrontation, but he wasn’t alone. Right now, over a dozen Level 40 experts had already surrounded Shi Feng.

Even if Shi Feng’s Strength was great, he was not invincible.

As long as Peerless continued distracting Shi Feng, the others would have an opportunity to take advantage of the weak points Shi Feng exposed. In addition, unlike the time at the hallway before the secret room, Shi Feng did not have any healers supporting him this time.

“I’ll figure out a way to block his attacks! You guys find an opportunity to attack from his blind spot!” Peerless commanded secretly through the team chat.

The fifteen melee experts nodded silently in response, and they began watching Shi Feng’s every move.

Once Shi Feng launched another attack against Peerless, they would take action at the same time. Then, even if Shi Feng had six arms and three heads, he wouldn’t be able to defend against them.

Moreover, aside from melee players like themselves, Singular Burial was also looking for an opening from a distance.

At this moment, Singular Burial carefully retrieved a Black Arrow from his bag. The instant this Black Arrow appeared, Abandoned Wave, who stood beside him, felt like death was imminent.

Black Flame, you should feel proud that you’ve forced me to use this Black Arrow!

Singular Burial’s eyes were filled with reluctance as he looked at the Black Arrow in his hand.

He had obtained five of such arrows from some ruins and had used two of them recently to deal with a Field Grand Lord.

He had never imagined that he would use one of the remaining three arrows on Black Flame.

However, he still considered this to be a worthwhile trade.

Time was of the essence right now. If they did not kill Black Flame soon, the other Zero Wing members would be able to catch up quickly.

Singular Burial nocked the arrow and drew his longbow into a full moon, the Black Arrow locked on Black Flame’s body.

After everyone was ready, Peerless activated Shield Wall and dashed at Shi Feng.

Not only could the Tier 1 Shield Wall Skill reduce the damage taken by its user, but it also possessed the ability to resist impact forces. As long as Shield Wall was activated, even a Great Lord couldn’t force him back by a single step.

At the same time, the fifteen other melee players surrounding Shi Feng promptly used their most powerful Skills.

Berserker’s Beheaded!

Guardian Knight’s Holy Slash!

Assassin’s Absolute Strike!

Swordsman’s Five Consecutive Slashes!

All kinds of killing moves were used. Even a Domain Realm expert would not be able to defend against all these simultaneous attacks.

In the next moment, just as Peerless was about to arrive before Shi Feng, the latter suddenly disappeared from everyone’s sight.

This move was none other than Void Steps. It was footwork capable of causing the opponent’s mind to actively ignore the user’s presence, making it seem as if one had suddenly disappeared.

Not good!

Reacting very quickly, Peerless immediately stomped his foot, executing Thunderclap.

The ground instantly cracked, the Skill inflicting a certain amount of damage to all targets within a certain range. At the same time, targets hit by the attack would also have their Movement Speeds reduced. Peerless intended to use this Skill to prevent Shi Feng from utilizing Void Steps normally.

However, he was still a step too late.

When Shi Feng reappeared, he was already standing beside a Berserker, his sword slashing up at a 45-degree angle towards the Berserker.

Before the Level 40 Berserker could react, a blue streak of light cut through his neck.

“So fast!” The Assassin positioned beside the Berserker felt his neck grow cold when he witnessed this scene out of the corner of his eyes.

Only after the strike hit did the Berserker react. He hurried to twist his body, instinctively executing Whirlwind Slash to repel Shi Feng.

However, before the Berserker’s body could start rotating, the Abyssal Blade in Shi Feng’s other hand pierced through the side of the Berserker’s armor and stabbed straight into his heart. Instead of pulling the Magic Weapon out directly, he sliced through the front of the Berserker’s chest, dealing another blow to the Berserker. Immediately after, Shi Feng spun around to the Berserker’s back. Killing Ray described an arc, and just as Shi Feng arrived behind the Berserker, the Sacred Sword also stabbed into the Berserker’s back and again hit his heart.

-13,976.

-5,738.

-6,417.

-17,233.

Everyone only saw four sword lights passing through the Berserker’s body before the Berserker, who had over 20,000 HP, collapsed to the ground.

Combat technique Four Moon Lotus!

This was a basic combat technique that all Swordsmen needed to learn.

In God’s Domain, the Silenced debuff was something players commonly encountered. Although a Silenced state was a nightmare for ordinary and elite players, it hampered the combat prowess of an expert player only slightly. This was because they could utilize combat techniques to make up for the loss of their Skills, although combat techniques placed a much greater burden on a player’s Stamina and Concentration.

In terms of pure power, while combat techniques were inferior to in-game Skills, the former was not subject to Cooldown. Combat techniques could also be used while Silenced.

Hence, so long as one was an expert, they would generally have a few combat techniques under their belts.

Not only could combat techniques be used to make up for one’s lack of combat power when their Skills were on Cooldown, but combat techniques could also be used to add variation to one’s attacks. Due to this flexibility, even an expert with average equipment could easily beat an elite player with superior equipment senseless.

The instant the Berserker died, everyone felt a chill crawling down their backs.

This gorgeous attack was simply an eye-opener for everyone. However, the truly shocking thing was the damage Shi Feng dealt the Level 40 Berserker.

“Be careful! He’s no longer in a Weakened state!” Peerless shouted.

Previously, he had been wondering why Shi Feng possessed such Strength despite being in a Weakened state. Initially, he ascribed it to a special effect of equipment that multiplied his Strength. However, after seeing the Movement Speed and Attack Speed Shi Feng displayed, in addition to the damage he dealt, Peerless became certain that the current Shi Feng was already back to his peak state.

At Peerless’s warning, ugly expressions appeared on everyone’s faces.

The reason they had joined the vanguard was their belief that Shi Feng’s Attributes had been reduced, and that they could utilize their advantage in Attributes to offset the gap in techniques. However, now that Shi Feng had already recovered his Attributes…

In reality, Shi Feng himself had been surprised when he noticed that his Weakened state was lifted so soon. Unexpectedly, the Life Essences actually served to hasten one’s recovery from a Weakened state. Otherwise, he would not have dared to come and stop Abandoned Wave and the others so casually.

However, he did not give his opponents much time to think, immediately executing Void Steps and charging towards another player.

The various melee players had already been only a short distance away from Shi Feng. Now that they were charging up to him one after another, Shi Feng just needed to use Void Steps once to arrive beside another player.

Without utilizing any Skills, Shi Feng succeeded in reaping another person’s life using only Void Steps and Four Moon Lotus.

Before Peerless could even try to stop Shi Feng, the latter had already killed a total of five players. Nobody could defend against Shi Feng’s Four Moon Lotus.

Shi Feng was like the god of death. Whomever he appeared beside would inevitably die.

At this moment, everyone finally understood why the Secret Pavilion had dubbed Shi Feng One-hit Asura.

The pressure of death caused everyone’s body to feel extremely heavy, their movements turning sluggish.

“Black Flame, time to die!” At this moment, Singular Burial, who had constantly been searching for an opportunity, grinned as he released the bowstring and sent the Black Arrow flying upward.

Xiu!

The Black Arrow broke through the sound barrier as it shot towards Shi Feng’s heart.

What a fast arrow!

Shi Feng had long since taken notice of Singular Burial’s actions. However, when he saw the approaching black light, he still could not help but be shocked.

At the critical moment, Shi Feng instinctively crossed his swords before him directly in the arrow’s trajectory.

Boom!

Shi Feng immediately felt his hands going numb, his body forced through the air by the arrow as his HP continuously decreased. It felt as if he had just received a meteor with his swords. After recovering from his momentary daze, he moved his swords, deflecting the arrow.

Suddenly, a Black Arrow could be seen flying towards the top of the Obelisk.

At this moment, less than half of Shi Feng’s 30,000-plus HP remained.