Chapter 1099 - Town Promotion Order

Chapter 1099 – Town Promotion Order

“Is he a monster?”

Everyone was stupefied when they saw that Shi Feng survived Singular Burial’s attacks.

Previously, a single Black Arrow had reaped over half of Shi Feng’s HP. Yet, now, despite receiving two Black Arrows, he lost less than half of his HP.

“All ranged players, focus fire on him! He doesn’t have much HP remaining!”

While everyone else was frozen in shock at Shi Feng’s feat, Abandoned Wave quickly reacted and took out a dark gray Magic Scroll from his bag.

Tier 2 Magic Scroll, Death’s Flurry.

Immediately, eight gray blades of wind swept towards Shi Feng. At this moment, the other ranged players also began launching their own attacks one after another.

However, Shi Feng had no intention of simply waiting for his death. Executing Void Steps, he disappeared before everyone once again. The incoming attacks just passed through his original position, not a single one landing on him.

“Damn it! He actually recovered so quickly!” The corners of Abandoned Wave’s eyes twitched when he saw this scene. Hurriedly, he commanded, “Everyone, form a defensive formation and advance!”

Void Steps was truly mysterious footwork. Even with how powerful Peerless was, the Shield Warrior could only make out a blurry figure of Shi Feng if the latter was within a radius of 20 yards. Beyond that range, he could not detect the Swordsman at all. As for Abandoned Wave and everyone else, not to mention 20 yards, even if Shi Feng were standing within 10 yards of them and launching an attack on them, they wouldn’t notice a thing.

Hence, the only method to deal with this problem was to advance in a defensive circle. This way, Shi Feng would have no opportunity to approach Abandoned Wave, who was inside the circle.

Peerless had also immediately entered the defensive circle, fully prepared to protect Abandoned Wave.

Right now, Abandoned Wave carried all of Lancelot’s loot they obtained. If he died, all the loot would definitely drop.

While having a single person carry all the loot was a risky move, having multiple people carry them would give Zero Wing an easier chance to target them—and make it more difficult to protect the loot. Anyhow, Abandoned Wave himself was a Level 40 Assassin. In terms of combat standards, he was also a considerably powerful expert. As long as he entered Stealth, he could easily escape detection.

Faced with Abandoned Wave and the others’ slowly advancing defensive formation, Shi Feng would appear sporadically before players standing at the outer edge, reaping a life before disappearing again. If he had enough time, he would even kill two players.

What a tough turtle shell!

Shi Feng was rendered speechless by his opponents’ actions.

He had already used up all the AOE attack Magic Scrolls he had on hand. There were only a few single-target attack and control Magic Scrolls left, not enough to affect the overall battle at all.

However, if he tried jumping over, they would definitely discover him while he was in the air.

Players in midair could not change their movement trajectory. They would be sitting ducks.

However, if he was greedy and went for more kills each time, he would very quickly lose his life under a barrage of attacks. After all, his opponents were not ordinary players. They coordinated well with each other, and their attacks were also very accurate. Moreover, he normally couldn’t finish off a player with just one or two moves without executing a combat technique.

Having no other choice, he could only chip away at the formation.

As the number of players dwindled, Blackwater’s members fell into an endless panic. Those standing at the outer layer of the defensive circle, in particular, were trembling with fear, dreading becoming the next sacrifice.

Shi Feng was simply too fast. Not only were his appearances sudden, but even his attacks were impossible to detect. Moreover, by the time they began launching their counterattacks, Shi Feng had long since disappeared. Yet, they also weren’t allowed to give chase.

These Guild elites and experts finally came to understand what an expert really was.

Compared to Shi Feng, those experts that boasted the ability to go up against ten or a hundred opponents by themselves were simply weaklings.

If faced against those kinds of experts, Blackwater’s members could still put up a modicum of resistance.

Shi Feng, however, instilled so much fear into their group of several hundred players that they did not even dare to move. Moreover, when he was attacking them, the only thing they could do was await their impending doom.

Time passed by quickly. Due to the defensive formation, Abandoned Wave and the others advanced at a crawl. Consequently, Shi Feng managed to gradually whittle the team of several hundred players down to just 100 or so. Right now, however, the group was only 100 yards away from the sealing crystal ball.

Upon seeing the gigantic crystal at the peak of the tower, everyone with Abandoned Wave revealed expressions of joy and relief.

As long as they shattered the crystal ball, the barrier surrounding the town would disappear once again. They could then find a hiding place and use their Return Scrolls instead of just quietly waiting for their deaths here.

“Good! We’re close enough! All Assassins and Rangers, charge forward and destroy the crystal! Everyone else, continue advancing in the defensive formation!” Abandoned Wave, who had been in Stealth all this time, commanded softly.

Previously, they had been too far away from the crystal ball. Shi Feng would’ve wiped them out long before anyone could even enter within attack range of the crystal ball. Now that only 100 yards separated them from the crystal ball, if Shi Feng stayed back to try to target Abandoned Wave, the crystal ball would undoubtedly be destroyed. However, if he chose to target those Assassins and Rangers instead, those in the defensive formation could speed up their advance. Abandoned Wave could even use the opportunity to sneak away himself.

Currently, Zero Wing’s members had already surrounded the Obelisk. If not for the other members of Blackwater incessantly trying to charge into the Obelisk, the other Zero Wing members would’ve long since rushed up here.

Immediately, over a dozen Assassins and Rangers raced madly for the crystal ball.

Having no other choice, Shi Feng could only chase these players.

Fortunately, the path towards the crystal ball was not very wide. Before the Assassins and Rangers even entered within 40 yards of the crystal ball, Shi Feng had already disposed of them all. However, this situation also allowed Abandoned Wave and the others to advance a significant distance. Right now, the group was only 60 yards away from the crystal ball.

We won!

At this moment, Abandoned Wave was ecstatic.

Although they were still 60 yards away, ranged players had an attack range of 40 yards. Hence, realistically, they only needed to cross another 20 yards.

There was no way Shi Feng could wipe out their team of nearly 100 elite and expert players before they crossed these 20 yards.

As long as the magic barrier was gone, Abandoned Wave could immediately bring the loot back to Star-Moon City. Although he had suffered massive losses in this war, the loot from Lancelot should offset a considerable amount of his losses. Previously, he had browsed through the items they obtained. Several among them would be of massive help to a Guild’s development. At the very least, Blackwater would be much better off than Zero Wing. After all, the latter had lost Stone Forest Town.

However, just as Abandoned Wave was jubilating, divine swords suddenly began raining down on his group, damage of over -10,000 appearing above everyone’s heads.

This move was none other than Shi Feng’s Skywheel Sword, a Skill capable of sealing all enemies within a 20-yard radius for four seconds.

As a result of this attack, Abandoned Wave was also revealed. At this moment, Abandoned Wave stared at Shi Feng, who stood 40 yards away from the crystal ball, in shock.

Impossible! How can he use Skills again?! Ten minutes shouldn’t have passed yet!

Abandoned Wave was filled with confusion.

Peerless and Singular Burial were similarly dumbfounded at this situation.

However, Shi Feng did not give them much time to react. He immediately raised Killing Ray and executed Lightning Edge.

Although Abandoned Wave was correct in that less than ten minutes had passed since Shi Feng was Silenced, he had forgotten that players had their own natural resistances. Shi Feng’s Magic Resistance could give even magical class NPCs a headache.

Magical Resistance not only reduced the magic damage players received but also weakened the side effects of magic.

In reality, while Abandoned Wave was focused on figuring out how to destroy the sealing crystal, Shi Feng was buying time for himself.

In the end, Shi Feng made it at the last moment.

One wave came after another, countless lightning bolts devouring everyone. Despite Abandoned Wave activating Wind Steps and Vanish, he still could not last through the 5-second duration of Lightning Edge. By the time the Skill ended, only Shi Feng and a pile of loot remained on the rooftop of the Obelisk.

Word of Abandoned Wave’s and the others’ deaths quickly spread to everyone fighting desperately inside Stone Forest Town.

The death of the commander would affect a Guild’s performance considerably. This situation also wiped out the last hope Blackwater’s members held. Their morale plummeted, making them much easier to deal with.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng himself had collected all the loot Abandoned Wave’s group had dropped and began arranging them one by one.

Midway, however, he noticed an item in his bag that captured his attention.

The item was a square silver token engraved with the image of a lion. There were also a few words written on it.

Town Promotion Order!