Chapter 1094 - Unstoppable Exp

Chapter 1094 – Unstoppable EXP

“He’s dead?”

“Didn’t he still have 2% HP left?”

Everyone was dumbfounded when they saw Lancelot’s motionless body planted in the wall of the Obelisk.

They had personally seen for themselves just how powerful Lancelot was.

Even after he was suppressed, pushing him into a critical state would’ve been impossible if not for the three Level 65 Mythic ranked Evil Earth Dragons slowly chipping away at his HP.

In order to reach this point, they had sacrificed over ten thousand elite players and even two Evil Earth Dragons, and yet…

“Black Flame!”

Abandoned Wave screamed at the top of his lungs when he saw that Lancelot was dead.

At this moment, due to Shi Feng landing the final hit on the Awakened NPC, his experience bar was skyrocketing.

In just a short moment, he had gone from Level 44 to Level 45. Even then, his experience bar continued to shoot up.

Level 45 10%… 30%… 50%…

The EXP awarded for killing an Awakened is actually this much?

Shi Feng was momentarily stunned when he looked at his rising experience bar.

The hidden class he possessed doubled the EXP he required to level up. Not to mention, he had already reached Level 44. Even killing two or three Grand Lords of the same rank would not net him one level.

In the end, Shi Feng rose from Level 45 to Level 46 and finally stopped at 84% of Level 46. He was only four levels away from the Level 50 threshold.

This leveling speed truly surpassed Shi Feng’s expectations.

Awesome! With this, I’ll have more time to deal with the city building matter.

Shi Feng was in a great mood as he looked at his Attribute Panel. He could not help but wish he could kill several more Awakened NPCs right now. That way, he’d be able to reach Level 50 posthaste and challenge his Tier 2 class promotion. Then, he could visit many places that were currently off-limits to him.

Level 50 was a major threshold in God’s Domain. Not only would players receive a huge improvement to their weapons and equipment, but they could also visit more places. In God’s Domain, many rare maps opened up only to players that were Level 50 and above. Although God’s Domain was different from most virtual reality games, it still imposed plenty of restrictions on players as a form of protection.

These rare maps were perilous. Players below Level 50 that visited these would undoubtedly die. Even after they met the level requirement to enter these maps, they would only have a slightly higher chance of survival.

In the past, many of God’s Domain players had suffered under this restriction. When they stumbled across such maps with zero knowledge about them whatsoever, they received a free trip back to their respective cities, courtesy of the Main God System, wasting plenty of precious travel time.

After Shi Feng got over his joy of leveling up twice, he shifted his gaze up to the air.

After Lancelot died, he had dropped plenty of items. However, they were all scattered around the Obelisk, not concentrated at a single location.

Right then, the players inside Stone Forest Town also noticed the items strewn in midair around the Obelisk. Immediately, greed surfaced in their eyes.

With how powerful Lancelot was, one could just imagine how amazing the loot he dropped would be. Most likely, any random item could sell for an astronomical sum.

Everyone swarmed towards the Obelisk.

Not daring to waste time idling around, Shi Feng dashed straight for the closest item.

However, after he had taken only a few steps forward, a deafening roar entered his ears.

In the next moment, the last Evil Earth Dragon executed Savage Charge on Shi Feng. Not only did the Skill provide the Mythic monster with tremendous speed, but the first target its charge hit would also suffer 400% damage.

If struck, even a Tier 2 MT of the same level would be killed instantly, not to mention the weakened Shi Feng. Most likely, even a scratch would send him to his grave.

“Go! Kill him!” Abandoned Wave’s eyes burned with rage after he saw two consecutive golden auras enveloping Shi Feng. If not for Shi Feng’s interference, the person who leveled up twice might have been him.

As for Lancelot’s loot, he had long since ordered some Assassins to collect them.

“Roar!”

The Evil Earth Dragon roared as it charged at Shi Feng, its speed so fast that even if Shi Feng activated Wind Rider, he would not outrun it.

Just as the Evil Earth Dragon was about to reach Shi Feng, the beautiful Valkyrie appeared before Shi Feng. She then thrust her spear at the approaching Mythic monster.

Peng!

As a clashing sound echoed throughout the entire town, not only did the Evil Earth Dragon’s charge abruptly stop, but the Mythic monster even went flying over 30 yards away. When its body slammed into the ground, the earth beneath it cratered.

The Evil Earth Dragon instantly lost 3% of its HP, leaving it with only 16% of its HP.

Such Strength! Her Strength should be close to a Tier 5 existence’s. As expected of a Higher Being.

Shi Feng was astounded at this scene. The Evil Earth Dragon was bleeding profusely from the wound on its chest right now, and even the claw it used to block the Valkyrie’s spear was bent at an unnatural angle.

This was the difference brought about by Life Rating.

Despite both being Tier 4 existences, the Level 69 Valkyrie’s Strength completely eclipsed the Evil Earth Dragon’s.

By the time the Evil Earth Dragon stood back up, the Valkyrie was already before it. Hovering in midair, the Valkyrie gently flapped her wings as she silently looked down on the Evil Earth Dragon.

Just when the Mythic monster tried to do something, the Valkyrie sent another stab at it.

Boom!

The Evil Earth Dragon got planted into the ground once again. This time, only half its body was above ground. Meanwhile, its HP fell by another 3%. Everyone else inside the town felt a violent tremor that nearly caused them to lose their balance.

After receiving a series of rapid attacks from the Valkyrie, the Evil Earth Dragon was thoroughly embedded into the ground, with only its cranium, which was about to be flattened, above the surface. At this moment, the Mythic monster had only 4% of its HP remaining.

Then, the Valkyrie chanted an incantation. A massive, glowing sword manifested in the sky and plunged towards the Evil Earth Dragon. When the sword crashed into the Mythic monster’s exposed head, it took away the monster’s last strand of HP.

After witnessing the Valkyrie’s series of attacks, everyone was thoroughly stupefied.

Before the Valkyrie, a Tier 4 Mythic monster was no different from a Common monster. She had slaughtered the Evil Earth Dragon with no difficulty whatsoever.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng, who was currently frantically picking up loot, leveled up once more, reaching Level 47.

When the Valkyrie shifted her gaze towards the nearby players, everyone suddenly couldn’t breathe. At this moment, it was as if their lives were out of their hands. Moreover, their bodies also felt extraordinarily heavy.

“Guild Leader Wave, let’s retreat!” Singular Burial no longer had the will to fight when he looked at the Valkyrie.

The Valkyrie was simply too strong.

Even sending an army of 300,000 elite players against her would be pure folly. If they remained here, most likely, not a single one of them would leave Stone Forest Town alive.

Peerless nodded in agreement with Singular Burial’s words.

Of the three core legions he had brought with him, the Red Jade Legion was no longer functional. Currently, he had lost only one-third of his forces. He still had a chance to redeem himself. If he lost everything, however, he would have to start drafting his letter of resignation already.

“Fine! Let’s go!” Abandoned Wave’s eyes were filled with reluctance as he said this. However, even though he was reluctant, he knew that contending with the Valkyrie was impossible.