Chapter 1090 - Awakened Versus Evil Earth Dragons

Chapter 1090: Awakened versus Evil Earth Dragons

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: FluffyGoblyn

Chapter 1090 – Awakened versus Evil Earth Dragons

As Lancelot appeared, Shi Feng lost control of the magic barrier surrounding Stone Forest Town. Instead, the magic barrier automatically began to suppress Lancelot’s soul.

The Mana flowing out of the magic barrier increased by numerous times. Even the Mythic ranked Evil Earth Dragons started to fear the magic array as they unconsciously retreated.

Shortly after, Lancelot glanced at Shi Feng. However, at this point, the Mana from the magic barrier already suppressed him. Immediately, Lancelot vanished from Shi Feng’s view as he flew to occupy a Tier 1 NPC Elementalist.

I should leave now. Shi Feng could not help but sigh with relief when Lancelot left.

Although Lancelot was only a soul, the NPC possessed the power to damage and kill other living creatures. Lancelot would have no problem killing a weakened Tier 1 player like himself.

If Lancelot had a physical body, he’d likely kill Shi Feng instantly.

Now that the seal had been broken, the magic barrier had begun to dissipate naturally. Players inside the barrier were no longer restricted and could leave the barrier any time they wanted. Without hesitation, Shi Feng activated Space Movement and distanced himself from Stone Forest Town.

Meanwhile, the independent players watching the war from outside of Stone Forest Town could finally see the situation inside.

“Is that Stone Forest Town?”

Everyone’s jaws dropped when they saw the town’s current state.

Instead of a thriving town, they saw a wasteland. Collapsed buildings littered the town. Potholes and cracks covered its streets. However, the player corpses that filled the streets shocked the spectators the most.

This was the first time they had seen anything so tragic.

“The magic barrier is gone!” Singular Burial’s frown relaxed as he watched the magic barrier vanish. However, after recalling the current state of his army, his hatred for Zero Wing intensified.

Based on his current estimates, his elite army’s death toll exceeded 35,000. Of his 50,000-strong elite army, less than 15,000 people remained.

After losing so many elite players, Heaven’s Burial’s development would undoubtedly stagnate for a time. The most abhorrent thing was that, even after losing so many troops, he had obtained nothing whatsoever. Moreover, Zero Wing’s opportunistic members had looted over half of weapons and equipment Heaven’s Burial and Blackwater’s members had dropped.

Not only hadn’t they profited from this war, but they had also lost far more than expected.

“Damn it! Why is Black Flame so willing to part with his town!?” Abandoned Wave ground his teeth as he watched Shi Feng leave the town through a spatial tear. At this moment, he even doubted that Shi Feng was human.

Shi Feng had sacrificed Stone Forest Town, yet he wasn’t willing to go down with it.

“Let’s leave as well. The Evil Energy here is growing denser.” Peerless also could not help but sigh when he saw Shi Feng disappear. He then commanded the members of Pantheon’s three core legions to leave Stone Forest Town.

However, as everyone began to activate their Return Scrolls, a figure appeared in the sky, chanting an incantation. Immediately, a threefold magic array slowly formed above Stone Forest Town.

“What kind of NPC is that? He can actually float in the sky.”

Everyone was surprised when they noticed the NPC Lancelot had possessed.

“This is bad! NPCs capable of hovering in the air are at least Tier 4! Everyone, get out of there!” Singular Burial’s expression tensed when he saw Lancelot.

Ordinary players might not know how significant hovering in the air might be, but as the leader of a Guild, Singular Burial knew what that ability represented. This signified that Lancelot was a Tier 4 NPC at the very minimum. Otherwise, he had no way of learning the super-rare Tier 4 Spell, Hover.

If the enemy were simply a Tier 4 Mythic monster, he would not be particularly worried.

However, the new opponent was a magical class NPC. As a Tier 4 magical class NPC, Lancelot knew many Tier 4 Spells. Among them, there were definitely Tier 4 large-scale destruction Spells. If he used those Spells, slaughtering these players would be child’s play.

Peerless had also begun to notify his men, instructing them to escape Stone Forest Town quickly.

“Foolish ants, cease your resistance and let me devour you!” Lancelot, who now had a physical body, overlooked Stone Forest Town, a hint of madness flashing in his eyes as he began to laugh.

Suddenly, Lancelot pointed a finger towards the sky, and pitch-black ripples radiated into the surroundings. Any players that these black ripples enveloped were interrupted and could no longer use their Return Scrolls. Moreover, the Spell’s range was more than double that of the Obelisk’s magic barrier. Instantly, the black ripples enveloped Stone Forest Town. Even the monsters outside of the town failed to escape.

After the black ripples touched everyone in the town, they felt as if something or someone dragged them as their bodies involuntarily moved closer to Lancelot.

An Awakened’s Tier 4 Spell, Dark Gravitation is so much more powerful! Shi Feng was speechless when he saw the black ripples’ range.

Fortunately, he had traveled far enough from Stone Forest Town. Otherwise, he would be among those being dragged towards Lancelot right now.

Although Awakened NPCs and Mutants were somewhat similar, the former was unmatched in Skill and Spell utilization. Hence, Awakened NPCs were invincible among those of the same tier and level. They were even capable of challenging opponents of a higher tier.

Even a Tier 6 God couldn’t kill a Tier 5 Awakened like Lancelot, and in the end, could only imprison the latter and pray that time would wear the High Elf down.

“What did Black Flame do?” Fear surfaced on Abandoned Wave’s expression.

Even if he were a fool, he could tell that Shi Feng was related to this situation. However, no matter how hard he struggled, he couldn’t break free from the power pulling his body. He could only watch as he gravitated towards Lancelot.

“This won’t do. We can’t resist this Spell at all. We need the Evil Earth Dragons to get rid of that NPC!” Peerless hurriedly told Abandoned Wave. Even after activating his Berserk Skill, he was dragged towards Lancelot.

Current players couldn’t contend with a Tier 4 NPC. The three Evil Earth Dragons were their only hope.

As they were also Tier 4, even if the Evil Earth Dragons were slightly weaker than the NPC, there were three of them. Combined with players and the other Tier 3 monsters’ attacks, it might be possible to kill the Tier 4 NPC.

If they could kill such a powerful Tier 4 NPC, based on God’s Domain’s settings, they might obtain some powerful items that could make up for the losses they had suffered.

Upon Peerless’s reminder, Abandoned Wave hurriedly contacted the bandaged man.

The Evil Earth Dragons were Level 65, and after using an advanced Identification Skill, Abandoned Wave discovered that Lancelot was only Level 70. To Tier 4 monsters, a difference of five levels was practically negligible.

[Lancelot] (Awakened, High Elf, Great Wizard) Level 70 HP 73,000,000/73,000,000

In terms of HP, Lancelot definitely surpassed NPCs of the same tier and level. However, he didn’t have as much as the Level 65 Evil Earth Dragons.

“Kill that NPC!” Abandoned Wave commanded.

Immediately, with the three Evil Earth Dragons taking the lead, both monster and player armies began desperately attacking Lancelot.