Chapter 1096 - Wildly Arrogant

Chapter 1096: Wildly Arrogant

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1096 – Wildly Arrogant

When the purple barrier appeared around Stone Forest Town once more, the excited members of Blackwater could not help but stare at their surroundings.

The magic barrier didn’t just reduce their combat power.

Most importantly, it prevented them from leaving Stone Forest Town. On the other hand, Zero Wing could send in reinforcements continuously to whittle down their forces.

At this moment, Abandoned Wave’s complexion also turned extremely pale as he stared at the disguised Shi Feng, who was standing at the top of the Obelisk.

As long as the magic barrier existed, none of his forces could leave the town. Moreover, Lancelot’s loot would remain in an ownerless state for two hours after the items first appeared. As long as the players holding those items died, the looted item would drop from their corpses.

Two hours were more than enough for Zero Wing’s reinforcements to arrive and wipe them out.

…

“What a devious plan!” Yuan Tiexin, who was observing the battle from Saimu Town, felt a hint of fear towards Shi Feng after witnessing this scene. “With this, Blackwater, Heaven’s Burial, and Pantheon are truly finished.”

Thinking about it now, Shi Feng was truly a terrifying existence.

Not only did he possess extraordinary strength, but he was also an incredible strategist.

Despite going up against Blackwater’s powerful army, Shi Feng had actually managed to wear it down bit by bit, weakening it to such a state. Even a veteran like Yuan Tiexin, who had fought plenty of wars before, was horrified by Shi Feng’s capabilities. From beginning to end, this war had been under Shi Feng’s control. By the time Blackwater’s members realized this, everything was already too late.

Currently, Blackwater no longer had a numerical advantage. Neither did it possess experts of superior quality. It didn’t even hold a terrain advantage.

“Uncle Yuan, now that Zero Wing has already won this war, are we still going to look for Black Flame?” Purple Jade asked.

She was not interested in this war in the slightest. However, through this war, her need to challenge Black Flame to a fight had further solidified.

“Of course we’re still going. Or to put it in another way, because Zero Wing has won, we have even more reason to visit him,” Yuan Tiexin replied, laughing.

Although Zero Wing had won this war, Stone Forest Town was in ruins.

Zero Wing could not sustain itself with just the income of the Candlelight Trading Firm. Right now, the Guild was in dire need of a new source of income for Coins. Otherwise, it would very quickly fall into stagnation—something it could not afford to happen, particularly during this period when the experts of the various large Guilds were reaching Level 40 one after another. If Zero Wing did not have the financial strength to supply its Guild members with Mounts, it would definitely fall behind the other Guilds.

Meanwhile, the Secret Pavilion could provide Zero Wing with cities and markets to develop in.

Yuan Tiexin was not worried about not being able to obtain the Magic Tower Design at all.

…

Time passed quickly. Inside Stone Forest Town, the members of Blackwater, Heaven’s Burial, and Pantheon began to assault the Obelisk desperately.

“MTs, open a path for us! Healers, pay attention to healing! Assassins, sneak inside! As long as we destroy the magic crystal on top of the tower, we will be able to leave this place!” At this time, Abandoned Wave himself was also participating in the battle, giving out commands while he fought against Zero Wing’s members. “Whoever manages to break that crystal, I’ll give them an Epic item!”

Peerless and Singular Burial also nodded in agreement with Abandoned Wave’s decision.

After all, they had obtained a total of 26 items from Lancelot. Meanwhile, Zero Wing had managed to get only two. If they had to pay one Epic item to bring the 26 items away, the trade would definitely be worth it.

Hearing this, everyone immediately started fighting with even greater desperation.

In the current God’s Domain, the higher the level one reached, the more difficult it was to obtain high-quality weapons and equipment. Ordinary players already treated Dark-Gold items as godly items, not to mention Epic items.

As elite members of their respective Guilds, obtaining an Epic item was practically a dream.

In God’s Domain, be it Dungeons or ancient ruins, the more dangerous a place was, the easier it was to obtain good weapons and equipment. However, the requirement in individual combat standards and Basic Attributes for entering these locations were considerably high.

Dark-Gold items were not comparable to Epic items. To elite players like them, an Epic item could provide them with significant improvements. It was their ticket to the world of experts.

The expert players present had mostly reacted in the same manner. After all, even Super Guilds had obtained only a limited number of Epic items—which were then provided to an extremely small number of qualified apex experts.

“What suicidal maniacs!” Even Gentle Snow felt somewhat pressured as she fought off the oncoming horde of players. The enemy was fully intent on trading blow for blow. If not for the healers providing sufficient healing, she would have long since drowned in the sea of players.

However, this kind of attack method had also opened a path to the Obelisk.

Leading hundreds of elite players, Abandoned Wave, Peerless, and Singular Burial charged into the Obelisk.

The interior of the Obelisk consisted of a spiraling staircase that continued all the way to the top of the structure.

Just as everyone was about to reach the top of the tower, a figure in black suddenly appeared before them, blocking their path forward.

The instant this figure appeared, Abandoned Wave and the others involuntarily stopped their advance, their eyes filled with fear as they looked at this figure.

This figure was none other than the Guild Leader of Zero Wing, Black Flame—the man also known as the Sword King, who was the number one expert of Star-Moon Kingdom.

If it were before this war, everyone present would only feel some reverence towards Black Flame. They definitely would not fear him. However, after witnessing Black Flame’s frightening performance in this war, even if one did not try to recall those scenes, their hearts would immediately palpitate in fear at the sight of the blue longsword in Black Flame’s hand.

“Black Flame! Do you think you can hold off so many people just by yourself?!” Although Abandoned Wave similarly felt fearful, the current situation was different from before.

Not only was Black Flame in a Weakened state right now, but Abandoned Wave had even Silenced him just a while ago. Most importantly, the staircase they were standing on provided much more space than the narrow hallway before the underground secret room. They had enough room for over a dozen players to attack Black Flame at the same time.

Looking at the tense expressions his opponents were making, Shi Feng simply shrugged and chuckled as he said, “How will I know if I don’t give it a try?”

“Arrogance!” Peerless[1] abruptly executed Charge on Shi Feng, lifting his shield as he rushed at Shi Feng.

The other melee players in the group also began circling around Shi Feng, intent on surrounding him.

Immediately after, Singular Burial also shot out numerous arrows to prevent Shi Feng from dodging sideways.

If Shi Feng was not Weakened and Silenced, they might have to be wary of him. Now, however, they had no reason to fear him whatsoever.

Without even trying to evade the rapidly approaching Shield Warrior, Shi Feng chose to clash directly with Peerless.

Peng!

Along with the sound of metal clashing, Peerless felt as if he had just collided with a truck, his body, which was as huge as a bear, involuntarily taking a few steps backward.

Everyone could not help but be dumbfounded.

Peerless was one of Pantheon’s apex Shield Warriors, yet a Swordsman, who was both Weakened and Silenced, actually forced him back.

“You!” Peerless was inwardly dismayed as well.

Others might not know how powerful Shi Feng’s attack was, but Peerless knew very clearly. Unless Shi Feng possessed Strength rivaling a High Lord’s of the same level, it was practically impossible for him to achieve such an outcome.

Yet, how could a Weakened player possibly have Strength rivaling a High Lord’s of the same level?

TL Notes: [1]Peerless: In Chapter 939, Peerless was mentioned to be a Berserker. Here, though, he is a Shield Warrior (the author probably forgot about it again).