Chapter 1098 - Extravagant Combat Method

Chapter 1098: Extravagant Combat Method

Translator:

Hellscythe_

Editor:

Vampirecat

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Chapter 1098 – Extravagant Combat Method

The Black Arrow shot straight upwards and stopped only after it hit the ceiling of the Obelisk. The arrow then transformed into particles of light and disappeared.

That was close!

The sight of the arrow prompted a thought to pop into Shi Feng’s head.

The Black Arrow, is it?

The Black Arrow was an item left behind in ancient ruins. It was somewhat similar to Magic Scrolls, and when used, it could display extraordinary destructive power.

This destructive power corresponded to the player’s own strength. However, the Black Arrow’s power could go up to Tier 4 at most. But even when used against Tier 4 Mythic monsters, the Black Arrow could still heavily injure them.

As it was an item that could be found only in ancient ruins, the Black Arrow was still considerably rare in God’s Domain. In the past, each Black Arrow sold for a minimum of 300 Gold on the market. It was a treasure that many expert teams dearly wished to possess.

After all, Mythic monsters were simply too powerful. If they could heavily injure such a monster and reduce its combat power slightly, they would have a much easier time dealing with it. Using a Black Arrow was equivalent to paying 300 Gold in exchange for the life of a Mythic monster. Such a trade was sure profit.

Of course, even if a Mythic monster were heavily injured, it still would not be easily killed. Its combat power would definitely remain above a Grand Lord. Hence, teams still needed to have a certain amount of strength.

Fortunately, Singular Burial was only a Tier 1 Ranger. If he were Tier 2 right now, he would be able to display the Black Arrow’s full power. In that case, Shi Feng would have to activate Absolute Defense or suffer death.

Even so, the Black Arrow was plenty frightening already.

In just a little more than a second, Shi Feng had lost over half his HP. Had he delayed in deflecting the arrow by even one more second, he would’ve really died back there.

He didn’t die?!

Singular Burial was stunned by this outcome.

Although the Black Arrow might not be as powerful as a Tier 4 single-target Spell, its might was not something a Tier 1 player could easily defend against. After all, Singular Burial had sent a Great Lord flying over twenty yards and inflicted heavy injuries when he had used the Black Arrow before.

Nevertheless, Singular Burial’s arrow allowed the melee players, who had surrounded Shi Feng, to breathe out a sigh of relief.

“Brother Burial, I never thought you would actually possess such a trump card as well. We’ll be mainly relying on you to deal with Black Flame from now on. As long as you kill Black Flame, we’ll let you have the first pick of the loot,” Abandoned Wave said. Previously, he already felt helpless when he witnessed Shi Feng’s horrific strength. He had never imagined that Singular Burial would still bring him such a pleasant surprise.

Peerless similarly had his hopes rekindled as he nodded in agreement with Abandoned Wave’s words.

Singular Burial had taken away over half of Shi Feng’s HP in just a single attack. As long as he struck him again, the latter would undoubtedly die.

Shi Feng’s death would break the myth of Zero Wing’s Guild Leader’s invincibility. At that time, Zero Wing would definitely receive a huge blow to its reputation.

“Alright, then. Leave it to me,” Singular Burial said, gnashing his teeth. He then retrieved the two remaining Black Arrows from his bag. “However, his reaction speed is too fast. Moreover, now that he is prepared for my attacks, it will become much more difficult to hit him. You guys need to think of a way to pin down his movements for a moment.”

“Leave it to us,” Peerless and Abandoned Wave said boldly.

Previously, they hadn’t been confident of dealing with Shi Feng, who had recovered to his peak state. However, now that they had Singular Burial’s Black Arrows, they had no problem with distracting Shi Feng whatsoever.

Immediately, Peerless and Abandoned Wave had the players still capable of using Berserk Skills step forward.

A total of eight players had Berserk Skills ready for use—two Elementalists and six melee players, which included Peerless.

Shi Feng’s Basic Attributes were indeed heaven-defying. However, after they used their Berserk Skills, their Attributes would still be slightly superior to his. With six melee players and two Elementalists working together, they could suppress even a Great Lord for a short period, not to mention Shi Feng, whose Attributes were still beneath a Great Lord.

“Go!”

Under Peerless’s command, the five other melee experts activated their Berserk Skills together with Peerless. With their Attributes increased significantly, they charged at Shi Feng, who was currently recuperating at the rooftop.

At this moment, Shi Feng took out an Intermediate Regeneration Potion and drank it. His HP instantly recovered back to 20,000, then began slowly rising bit by bit.

Seeing Peerless charging at him, Shi Feng promptly executed Void Steps, avoiding an entanglement with the Shield Warrior.

“This move of yours is already useless against me!” Very quickly, after pinpointing Shi Feng’s location, Peerless used Earth Slam. The Skill could place all targets within an area of 8*15 yards before him into a Fainted state.

Shi Feng’s Void Steps was indeed powerful. However, Peerless had also gradually gotten accustomed to the technique after seeing Shi Feng using it multiple times throughout this battle. Although he was only able to catch a blurry view of the Swordsman, he could more or less still perceive the direction of Shi Feng’s movements.

In the next moment, Shi Feng became visible within the range of Earth Slam. Immediately, the other five melee experts executed their own Control Skills one after another. The two Elementalists standing at the rear also summoned Ice Walls to surround Shi Feng completely. If Shi Feng wanted to retreat, he would have to spend a moment shattering the Ice Walls. This brief period would be more than enough for the five remaining melee players to land their attacks on the Swordsman.

As long as even a single Control Skill struck Shi Feng, his death would be certain.

This was also one of the strong points of in-game Skills. If an expert player did not possess any Control Removal Skills or they were Silenced, just a handful of elite players working together could defeat them.

Right when the five melee players were about to reach Shi Feng, they suddenly stopped moving.

“What’s going on with you all?!” Peerless bellowed.

However, Peerless suddenly felt that something was amiss when he noticed the HPs of the five players decreasing rapidly. He instinctively took a step back and, at that critical moment, avoided the shadow spreading on the rooftop.

With a swing of his sword, Shi Feng shattered the Ice Wall blocking his front. He then looked at Peerless, who was roughly 15 yards away from him, feeling somewhat surprised.

His reactions sure are fast!

The shadow on the floor was none other than the effect of the Tier 2 Magic Scroll Shadow Strangulation, which could bind all enemies within a 15-yard radius as well as deal 50% dark damage to them every second for five seconds.

By the time the five melee experts reacted and were about to use their Control Removal Skills, Shi Feng was already unfurling another Tier 2 Magic Scroll, Spears of Judgment. Immediately, 36 holy spears appeared around him, each one capable of 80% holy damage with 100% Strength effect. Moreover, they also ignored Defense and dealt double damage to dark creatures.

Xiu… Xiu… Xiu…

The 36 spears shot straight at the five melee players. Despite all five of them being experts, with the spears under Shi Feng’s control and fired at such a short distance, each melee player managed to block only two or three spears at most with the remaining spears hitting their bodies. All five melee players transformed into particles of light and disappeared on the spot.

“This…” Everyone stared, stupefied at this situation.

They never thought that Shi Feng would actually use Magic Scrolls to make up for his Silenced state. Magic Scrolls were extremely precious, not to mention Tier 2 Magic Scrolls. Each one was easily worth a piece of Dark-Gold Equipment. Normally, it would be considered a luxury to use Tier 2 Magic Scrolls against ordinary Bosses. Nobody would be willing to waste them on just a few players. Nevertheless, Shi Feng really was using them one after another. Moreover, each one was more valuable than the last.

“Die!” At this moment, Singular Burial finally found an opportunity to attack. He immediately loosed the two nocked Black Arrows.

The Black Arrows instantly transformed into two streaks of black light as they flew towards Shi Feng.

With how fast the Black Arrows were, Shi Feng did not have time to use another Magic Scroll to defend himself.

Just when the arrows were less than 10 yards away from him, Shi Feng began executing Sword’s Orbit, surrounding himself in starlight.

Peng! Peng!

Two clear sounds of metal clashing rang out. Shi Feng went flying backwards by over ten yards, his hands nearly losing their grip on his swords. His HP began rapidly decreasing as well, only stabilizing after falling to slightly below 7,000. The two Black Arrows had their trajectories forcefully altered and, as a result, simply flew by Shi Feng’s sides.

“Impossible! Isn’t he still Silenced?!” Singular Burial could not believe what he was seeing was true. Shi Feng was actually still alive.