Chapter 1107 - New Product Launch

Chapter 1107 – New Product Launch

Over twenty Advanced Forgers and Engineers stood inside one of Candlelight’s Special Forging Rooms.

These Advanced Lifestyle players had come at Shi Feng’s call.

As Advanced Lifestyle players, they were highly valued and had high statuses in any Guild.

However, when these twenty-plus Advanced Lifestyle players entered the room, they all fell silent, fully focused on the ancient design spread out on the table.

“Guild Leader, this is…” Melancholic Smile rubbed her eyes, not daring to believe what she saw.

The Advanced Transport Carriage!

Ordinary players might not have much use for this item, but to a manager of a trading firm, it was incredibly important.

To her, the Advanced Transport Carriage was worth far more than the Bronze Engineering Locomotive.

Not only could the Advanced Transport Carriage transport a large group of players, but it could also transport more goods than the ordinary carriages that NPCs sold.

Many important items in God’s Domain couldn’t be stored in a player’s bag space. Players were required to carry such items by themselves.

The carriages NPCs sold or rented out could only support a few players. Even a Bronze Carriage could only carry five people at a time. And while a Bronze Carriage could carry plenty of items in its bag space, it could only carry a maximum of ten items that couldn’t be stored in a bag space. Most importantly, these carriages could only travel on official trade routes, which greatly limited their uses.

Transport Carriages, however, were different. As player-crafted items, they did not have many road restrictions.

The Basic Transport Carriage could already hold up to 10 players. In addition, its bag space was larger than NPC Bronze Carriages, and it could carry up to 30 non-bag items. It was also faster.

Normally, non-bag items were very valuable, regardless of whether the items were for an NPC or to sell to other players elsewhere. Delivering such goods was the easiest way to make a profit.

Merchant players would even fight over Basic Transport Carriages if they were available on the market, much less Advanced Transport Carriages.

The Advanced Transport Carriage could carry up to twenty people. Needless to say, its bag space was leaps and bounds larger than the Bronze Carriage. It could also carry up to 60 non-bag items. As for its speed, it could compete with Mysterious-Iron Mounts.

If the Candlelight Trading Firm could use Advanced Transport Carriages, even if they didn’t sell products and focused on logistics, they could make a fortune.

Hence, how could Melancholic Smile contain her excitement?

“You’ve seen the design for yourselves. I hope that you start producing them quickly. As for the key material, I’ll try to think of a way to obtain what you need. For now, start producing whichever parts you can,” Shi Feng instructed, chuckling at everyone’s dumbfounded expressions.

While the Advanced Transport Carriage was amazing, its required materials were extremely rare.

The Candlelight Trading Firm might be able to procure most of the required materials, but the main material, Green Ebony, was extremely difficult to acquire. Even Shi Feng could only think of a few places that produced this wood. Moreover, these locations were all very high-level maps. Even the lowest leveled location was a Level 60 map called Crying Ghost Ridge. Unfortunately, it was a neutral map, a forbidden land for current players.

Only Tier 2 players would dare to grind there.

However, for the Advanced Transport Carriages, Shi Feng intended to make the trip.

If he had Transport Carriages, he could open trade routes from Stone Forest Town to other NPC towns sooner than he had planned.

Following which, Shi Feng had the Advanced Lifestyle players research the Advanced Transport Carriage’s components, while he instructed Melancholic Smile to stay behind.

After the others left, Shi Feng looked to Melancholic Smile and asked, “What’s the situation with the Blackwater and Heavenly Trading Firms?”

Before the war, both the Blackwater and Heavenly Trading Firms had waged a crazy price war with the Candlelight, hoping to push Candlelight out of Star-Moon Kingdom’s market while they whittle down Zero Wing’s financial strength.

Now that Blackwater and Heaven’s Burial had suffered such a massive defeat, the two Guilds would take some sort of action.

This was especially true since Zero Wing urgently needed money.

“As you’ve guessed, they have reduced their prices again. They’ve dropped their Light Stone’s prices in particular. Right now, they’re selling each Light Stone for only 30 Copper. They aren’t even trying to cover their production cost now,” Melancholic Smile slowly reported.

For current players, Light Stones were a must-have item. They were also the Candlelight Trading Firm’s most competitive product.

Now that the Blackwater and Heavenly Trading Firms have lowered their prices to 30 Copper, one could see how much the two trading firms hated Candlelight.

At 30 Copper, Blackwater and Heavenly couldn’t even cover their production costs. Candlelight Trading Firm, however, could still make a profit due to their many Advanced Forgers. In addition, due to the Special Forging Rooms, powerful flames, and other support tools, Candlelight’s production cost for Light Stones was only 20 Copper.

“Since they want to play, let’s humor them until the end. Sell the Light Stones for 25 Copper each. We’ll also start selling the Exotic Stamina Potions.” Shi Feng did not feel anything in particular about this situation. He had long since prepared for the day when the Light Stones would no longer be profitable. After all, the Light Stones were a common product in God’s Domain. He was satisfied with the fortune he had already made off of them.

Meanwhile, the Exotic Stamina Potion he was about to launch was different.

Candlelight had exclusive rights over the Exotic Stamina Potion’s recipe. Its price was also within ordinary players’ budgets. This was definitely a must-have potion. Most importantly, this potion would become popular among gathering players.

One of players’ main sources of income in God’s Domain was gathering raw materials.

However, players consumed far more Stamina when gathering materials than in Boss battles. Moreover, the rarer a material was, the more Stamina players would consume. This resulted in frequent forced breaks and limited gathering times.

Once they released the Exotic Stamina Potion, Shi Feng refused to believe that players, who preferred to gather materials rather than fight monsters, would pass this new product by.

“I’ll get it done right away.” Melancholic Smile nodded excitedly.

The Blackwater and Heavenly Trading Firm’s actions had irritated her. Now that they were about to launch the Exotic Stamina Potion, she wanted to see how those two trading firms planned to compete with Candlelight.

Following which, Melancholic Smile reorganized the layout of the Candlelight Trading Firm’s first-floor hall, setting up a counter specifically for the Exotic Stamina Potion.

The new counter immediately garnered the attention of many players.

“Leader, look over there. Candlelight seems to have launched a new product.”

“Let’s head over and take a look.”

Immediately, a large crowd gathered around the first-floor’s new counter.

“Crap! Isn’t this potion a little too amazing?! It can actually recover Stamina!”