Chapter 1108 - Ten People

Chapter 1108 – Ten People

When the crowd read the Exotic Stamina Potion’s description, excitement shone in their eyes.

As one of the major Hidden Attributes, Stamina played a massive large role in players’ everyday lives. However, it was very limited.

“Leader, we hit the jackpot this time! This Stamina Potion is perfect for the Silent Swamp! With this potion, we won’t have any problems reaching the swamp’s core!” a Level 38 Berserker exclaimed through his team chat.

“Why are you in such a hurry? Let’s take a look at the price first. If it’s too expensive, I’d rather stick to grinding in the swamp’s outer region,” a Level 39 Shield Warrior replied. However, although his tone was indifferent, anticipation flashed in his eyes. Inwardly, he hoped that the Exotic Stamina Potion was too expensive.

The Silent Swamp was a Level 40 to Level 50 high-resource map. However, as this map was a swamp, players consumed a lot of Stamina while moving through it. Moreover, the deeper one ventured into the swamp, the more Stamina they consumed. Hence, the various large Guilds had avoided sending members there to level up. This provided an excellent opportunity for independent players like themselves to make money and level up quickly.

Previously, on their team’s first trip to the Silent Swamp, they discovered that the map was a land of treasures. They frequently came across rare minerals and herbs. Although there were a lot of monsters there, if one were careful, they could walk away with a significant harvest.

Unfortunately, during this period, more players headed to the Silent Swamp, causing their income from the swamp’s outer area to plummet, yet they couldn’t venture into the inner and core regions as their Stamina consumption would be too severe. If they encountered monsters with nearly depleted Stamina, they would undoubtedly suffer a team-wipe. However, if they took too many breaks, they wouldn’t get far, and their harvest would be quite small.

If they could use this Exotic Stamina Potion, they could reach the swamp’s core and its abundant resources. At that time, their daily income would skyrocket.

Their team would also be able to gather enough money to equip everyone with Mounts. By then, they would earn the other adventurer teams’ envy.

As this Level 39 Shield Warrior was occupied with his thoughts, the other independent players surrounding the counter calculated their own potential gains and losses.

“Quickly look! The pre-sale price is out!”

“Did Candlelight list the wrong price?”

“There must be a mistake! How can the Exotic Stamina Potion be this cheap!?”

The players in the hall cried out in shock when they saw the pre-sale price.

The Mana Mixture the Blackwater and Heavenly Trading Firms sold only had a duration of two hours. The Exotic Stamina Potion, on the other hand, lasted ten hours. Moreover, unlike the Mana Mixture, which only increased the user’s maximum Mana by 10%, the Exotic Stamina Potion increased the user’s maximum Stamina by 10% and increased Stamina recovery rate by 80%. One Exotic Stamina Potion was roughly the equivalent of five Mana Mixtures, yet it only cost 10 Silver Coins per bottle. It was much cheaper than the Mana Mixture. How could they believe this?

However, even after some time, the NPC manning the counter did not change the price. This situation drove everyone crazy as they panted and stared at the Exotic Stamina Potion’s sales timer.

There were 30 minutes until the Exotic Stamina Potion went on sale.

However, none of these players showed any indication of stepping away from the counter. They lined up and waited for the potion’s sale. They also contacted their party and team members in secret to gather more money.

As players continued to notify others about the Exotic Stamina Potion, news of the potion quickly spread like wildfire. Immediately, it caused a commotion in White River City. To gathering players and players who spent a long time in the fields adventuring, the Exotic Stamina Potion was a godsend.

“The Exotic Stamina Potion? I never expected Candlelight to sell something like this. With this, we won’t have any problems in the ancient ruins in the Twin Towers Kingdom. Send someone to buy the potions immediately. Buy as many as you can.”

The various Guild elite teams preparing to head to the Twin Towers Kingdom promptly made their way to the Candlelight Trading Firm after receiving the news.

The relatively calm Candlelight Trading Firm instantly boomed with business.

Meanwhile, sitting in the Candlelight Trading Firm’s second-floor lounge, Phoenix Rain and Blue Phoenix were shocked over this situation.

“Big Sis Rain, Zero Wing is amazing. Despite all the effort we’ve put into gathering information, we have yet to find any items capable of Stamina recovery, yet Zero Wing is about to put one up for sale. Moreover, it’s so cheap. With this, Blackwater and Heaven’s Burial must be growling in frustration,” Blue Phoenix said, giggling as she watched the players line up in the first-floor hall.

One could purchase an Exotic Stamina Potion that lasted for ten hours for just 10 Silver Coins. That was the equivalent of paying 1 Silver per hour. Even ordinary players could afford this.

Ordinary players earned a limited income. Aside from spending their money on necessary items, if ordinary players wished to level up quickly or gather more herbs and minerals, they could buy the Exotic Stamina Potion.

However, if these players bought the Exotic Stamina Potion, they wouldn’t have any money to spend elsewhere for a while.

With this, Blackwater and Heaven’s Burial’s price reductions to attract more customers were now useless…

Nodding in agreement, Phoenix Rain said, “Zero Wing has indeed grown a lot stronger. It’s a pity that we don’t have much time left. Otherwise, they could help me win the battle on Thunder Island.”

She had two matters to discuss with Zero Wing this time.

The first regarded the Dark Arena. The Asura Battle Team’s next match had been decided, and it would be held tomorrow afternoon. Once the match was over, the Dark Arena would host a large-scale auction. Based on what she had heard so far, all sorts of precious and valuable items would be up for sale.

The second matter regarded Thunder Island.

Currently, the competition over Thunder Island grew more intense with each passing day. More Guilds were starting to reach for Thunder Island. In fact, Nine Dragons Emperor had even employed his family’s influence for this matter. Although she, too, had used her family’s influence, she still faced many difficulties regarding the island. Hence, she planned to borrow some of Zero Wing’s members to assist her.

As Phoenix Rain and Blue Phoenix conversed, Shi Feng entered the lounge.

What a powerful mental oppression!

Blue Phoenix was shocked when Shi Feng joined them.

She had always been curious about the strength of Zero Wing’s Guild Leader. Now that she was meeting the man in person, it would seem that the rumors about him were true.

The powerful mental oppression she felt from Shi Feng made her feel somewhat strangled. Rather than a player, Shi Feng felt like a humanoid monster.

Phoenix Rain, however, was not particularly surprised.

She had watched the video of Shi Feng’s battle in Stone Forest Town. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have bothered with a personal trip to the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“May I know why the Phoenix Pavilion Master suddenly requests my attention? Have they announced the competition’s official date?” Shi Feng asked after taking his seat, smiling at Phoenix Rain.

Although the Asura Battle Team’s opponents had been decided some time ago, the competition’s date had been a mystery.

This competition in the Dark Arena was incredibly important to him.

As more major corporations took part in the Dark Arena, the bets on each match would increase. At this point, It shouldn’t be difficult for a winning team to walk away with twenty or thirty thousand Gold.

To Zero Wing, which urgently needed funds, the Dark Arena was an invaluable source of income.

“You’re half correct. The competition will take place at 10 p.m. tomorrow in the Flame Dragon Empire’s imperial capital,” Phoenix Rain said, chuckling. “I’m also here to borrow ten players from Zero Wing.”