Chapter 1109 - Holy Land At Sea

Chapter 1109 – Holy Land at Sea

“Borrow some of our players?”

Shi Feng gave Phoenix Rain.

The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was a super-first-rate Guild. The Pavilion recruited a large number of members each year, and they had tons of Guild-nurtured experts.

Yet, that same Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had sought him out to borrow manpower. This was inconceivable.

“That’s right. I wish to borrow ten people to help me with a task. Once the task is complete, I will pay you 5,000 Magic Crystals. If the task fails, I will pay 1,000 crystals. Of course, I will offer additional compensation should any deaths occur during my loan,” Phoenix Rain said, smiling as she nodded. “May I know what Guild Leader Black Flame thinks of this?”

Normally, when hiring experts to help with a quest, payment was in the form of either Credits or Coins. An ordinary expert would only cost several Gold to hire, while even apex experts only cost around 100 Gold. Meanwhile, she had offered Magic Crystals as payment. Magic Crystals were far more valuable than Coins. It was a hard currency.

The various large Guilds already treated Magic Crystals as a strategic resource. They might be able to purchase ten or twenty Magic Crystals from independent adventurer teams or small Workshops, but when the numbers climbed into the triple digits, it was practically impossible to find enough on the market.

Five thousand Magic Crystals was a considerable sum for any large Guild. Some large Guilds didn’t even have so many Magic Crystals in their warehouses.

Now, by loaning ten of its experts, Zero Wing could potentially earn 5,000 Magic Crystals. This was definitely a tempting offer.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, can you reveal the details of the task?” Shi Feng was indeed tempted after listening to the offer.

Aside from running a Guild, his goal in establishing the Zero Wing Workshop was to accept commissions.

However, requests like Phoenix Rain’s were rare.

“That’s fine. The task is very simple. I just need Zero Wing’s members to defend an ancient tower on Thunder Island, preventing anyone else from capturing it. As Thunder Island is a very special place, only a very limited number of players can be there at a time. When the time comes, our enemies won’t be able to dispatch much manpower. It would be a miracle if they could send twenty or thirty players. As long as Zero Wing’s members defend their assigned tower until the Pavilion’s main force captures a monster encampment, the task will be a success,” Phoenix Rain explained after giving the matter some thought.

News of Thunder Island had long since been spread among God’s Domain’s superpowers. It was no big secret.

Currently, to secure a larger share of Thunder Island, the various superpowers were recruiting helpers from all over the place. Some had even hired extremely powerful independent players.

This was all due to the unique conditions to capture Thunder Island. It was not an issue that could be resolved with a large army. Rather than quantity, one needed quality.

Hence, she was asking for Zero Wing’s help.

Zero Wing had performed magnificently in the Dark Arena. Its members definitely qualified to take part in the battle on Thunder Island.

In addition, she had found plenty of apex experts elsewhere. Although she might not occupy Thunder Island exclusively, she should have no problems taking control of a small portion. When the initial skirmish was over, her next step would be to fight the other Super Guilds slowly.

“Thunder Island?” Information about Thunder Island immediately surfaced in Shi Feng’s mind.

Thunder Island was in an extremely dangerous sea zone. That zone was known as the Sea of Death. One could find plenty of treasures and fortuitous encounters in the Sea of Death. There were even numerous ancient ruins in the zone. The abundant resources in the sea zone surpassed imagination. Thus, many maritime adventurer teams often explored the Sea of Death.

Meanwhile, the only location in the Sea of Death that players could reside in was Thunder Island. As for the other islands in the sea zone, players couldn’t survive on them for long periods. Once the night sky covered the Sea of Death, a large number of underwater monsters appeared. There were simply too many of these monsters for players to contend with.

Thunder Island was only an exception because the island received thunder and lightning all year round. Even after night arrived, sea monsters couldn’t reach the island. Thunder Island became a safe haven of sorts in the Sea of Death.

As a result, bloodbaths had been a constant on Thunder Island in the past. The various superpowers in God’s Domain all wanted Thunder Island for themselves.

However, it was not that easy to occupy Thunder Island. In the past, not one of these superpowers had controlled the entire island. In the end, various superpowers jointly operated the holy land at sea.

Shi Feng had visited the island many times in the past. Unfortunately, as his Guild had been too weak, they had never qualified to establish a small base in this holy land. He had been forced to travel to Thunder Island by boat each time he visited.

Shi Feng had not expected the war over Thunder Island to begin so soon in this life.

“This task won’t last very long. It’ll be over in a day or so,” Phoenix Rain added after Shi Feng had remained silent.

Capturing Thunder Island was different from ordinary towns, where things would end once the target town was captured. In order to gain authority over the town on Thunder Island, one needed to capture monster encampments. The more encampments one captured, the more authority one could utilize. If one captured all of the monster encampments on Thunder Island, they would obtain the highest authority on the island.

Meanwhile, this authority contest occurred once a month, with each contest lasting eight hours. Moreover, during the day of the contest, Thunder Island would be enveloped in an ancient magic array. If one wished to set foot on the island during that time, they needed an entry pass. Without the entry pass, players would be automatically transported off of Thunder Island. Each entry pass allowed up to ten people to enter the island and could be obtained by killing Bosses in the Sea of Death.

The Sea of Death was already an extremely dangerous sea zone. It was home to plenty of sea monsters, and these monsters were much stronger than the monsters found on land. The chances of a team-wipe were even highly likely when sailing through the Sea of Death, not to mention when hunting Bosses in the zone.

Currently, the various superpowers were doing their best to find and kill Bosses. They had suffered immense losses as a result. The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was no exception.

Thus, the entry passes were exceedingly precious. These superpowers could not invite ordinary experts to take part in the contest. They would take as many apex experts to the island as they could. Only by doing so could they utilize the entry passes to their fullest potential.

After pondering the situation for some time, Shi Feng looked at Phoenix Rain and asked, “May I know how many entry passes Phoenix Pavilion Master has right now?”

Hearing Shi Feng’s question, both Phoenix Rain and Blue Phoenix were stunned.

The various superpowers were keeping a tight lid on the entry passes. They had never imagined that Zero Wing would know about this as well.

However, when Phoenix Rain thought back to her encounter with Yuan Tiexin, she understood. Although the Secret Pavilion was not one of the superpowers contesting over Thunder Island, the latter possessed a powerful information network. It was not all that surprising that Shi Feng knew about the entry passes.

“Your information network cannot be underestimated. I won’t hide it from you. I currently have slightly over twenty passes. In other words, I can bring over 200 people to compete for prominence on the island,” Phoenix Rain said, smiling. “Are you interested in a piece of this pie as well?”

Although she would not underestimate Zero Wing, those involved were God’s Domain’s superpowers. They were on an entirely different level compared to Zero Wing. With how few experts Zero Wing employed, the Guild would not survive long on Thunder Island.