Chapter 1117 - Godly Skill

Chapter 1117 – Godly Skill

After the Troll Chieftain and three Petrified Trolls died, a golden glow once again encased several players on the team.

Killing Lords and Great Lords of a higher level definitely yielded far more EXP than killing Elite monsters of a higher level.

Among those who leveled up, Aqua Rose, Fire Dance, and Violet Cloud finally reached Level 45, while Cola, Turtledove, Ye Wumian, Minor Wind, and Shadow Sword rose to Level 44.

In the Black Dragon Empire, they could all rank within the top ten on the empire’s Ranking List. Currently, the empire’s number one player was only Level 42, and still quite a distance away from Level 43.

However, the team was more concerned with the loot before them.

This was the first time any of them had seen four Bosses simultaneously drop jackpots. There were too many items on the ground for them to keep count.

“This is insane! There should be at least a hundred items here!” Blackie gaped at the items on the ground.

Previously, despite killing so many Elite monsters, they had only obtained a few decent items. However, practically every item among the four Bosses’ drops looked decent or better.

“Guild Leader, your luck is simply amazing. In the future, you must join us during the large-scale Team Dungeon raids. We’ll probably get more during a single trip with you than five or six trips by ourselves.” Aqua Rose could not help but look at Shi Feng, her eyes shining. It was fairly obvious that, by the look on her face, she wanted to drag Shi Feng into a Dungeon raid every day.

The rest of the team expressed their agreement. With that kind of ridiculous luck, it would be a waste not to have Shi Feng raid Dungeons.

“Alright, tidy up the loot first. We’ll have plenty of opportunities to raid large-scale Team Dungeons afterward.” Shi Feng could not help but chuckle and shake his head in response to everyone’s expectant gazes. He had no choice but to offer an empty promise.

For now, he had no intentions of revealing Icarus’s Heart. After all, this godly tool was simply too important to a Guild. The necklace could even upgrade a Lifestyle player to Master rank.

Following which, everyone began to collect the loot.

They had an extraordinarily abundant harvest this time. The four Bosses had dropped a total of 115 items, with 96 raw materials. Among the raw materials, 22 were Green Ebony, which surprised Shi Feng. Generally, Lord ranked Trolls only dropped one Green Ebony when killed, or two logs if one were lucky. As for Great Lords, they usually dropped three logs.

Crafting a single Advanced Transport Carriage only required 15 logs. If they obtained another eight logs, they could produce a second Transport Carriage.

If they had two Advanced Transport Carriages, he would have the foundation to start new trade routes to Stone Forest Town. Although the two carriages couldn’t carry a lot of players, they could increase Stone Forest Town’s Popularity among NPCs. He could also earn quite a sum in transportation fees.

After organizing the materials, Shi Feng began to appraise the remaining items.

In God’s Domain, after reaching Level 50, players would have to appraise the items monsters dropped if they wanted to know exactly what they had obtained.

This added yet another expenditure for many players.

Because of this, many players in the past had pursued the Appraiser Lifestyle class. This way, they could save money on appraisal fees. Of course, players who picked up the Appraiser class for this reason could only appraise low-rank items such as ] Bronze or Mysterious-Iron rank. For Secret-Silver rank, one needed to become an Intermediate Appraiser. However, becoming an Intermediate Appraiser was extremely difficult. One generally needed a Guild’s support to do so. Without the full support of a large Guild, it was practically impossible to become an Advanced Appraiser.

To become an Intermediate Appraiser, one needed to appraise 20,000 Mysterious-Iron items. As items of Mysterious-Iron rank were not extremely rare, some Workshops or adventurer teams could afford to nurture one. Unfortunately, they had no hope of nurturing an Advanced Appraiser.

This was due to the basic requirement of appraising 50,000 Fine-Gold items…

Even top-tier Workshops and adventurer teams could not obtain so many Fine-Gold items above Level 50. Only large Guilds had any chance of achieving this.

Meanwhile, nurturing Advanced Appraisers was a benefit to a Guild.

In the past, Guilds had normally only charged their members a quarter of NPCs’ appraisal fees, while non-Guild members paid three-fourths of NPC prices. By doing so, Guilds could make a fortune.

NPC price for appraising a Dark-Gold item was around 10 Gold. For excellent Dark-Gold items, the price was even higher. Even if Guilds charged a lower appraisal fee, with how many players there were in a Guild, it would not be unusual to appraise several thousand items. Including the appraisal fees from non-Guild players, a Guild could easily make two or three hundred Gold a day.

In the past, small Guilds with only thousands of members dreamed of this kind of pure profit.

Although Zero Wing still did not have any Advanced Appraisers, Shi Feng possessed the Omniscient Eyes. Not only was the Skill a very advanced Identification Skill, but it also served as an advanced Appraisal Skill.

After a short moment, Shi Feng finished appraising the remaining 19 items.

“What?! Basic Soul Return actually dropped?!” Shi Feng shouted in surprise after appraising the ordinary-looking Skill Book.

“Basic Soul Return?! Doesn’t that Skill allow one to resurrect other players while in battle?!” Gentle Snow asked in shock.

“What?! Guild Leader, did it really drop?!” Aqua Rose looked at Shi Feng excitedly, afraid that Shi Feng was joking.

Resurrection during combat would be a godly Skill in Dungeons.

In Dungeons, it wasn’t uncommon for Bosses to instant-kill MTs due to mistakes. When such situations occurred, the entire team would die with the MT. However, if a team had Basic Soul Return, they could resurrect the MT and continue the raid. This Skill would undoubtedly reduce the unnecessary team-wipes in Dungeons.

“Take a look yourself,” Shi Feng said, nodding. He then shared the Skill’s information in the team chat.

[Basic Soul Return]

Resurrects one player while in combat. Player resurrected will only recover 30% HP and 20% Mana. Their death penalty will be halved.

Cooldown: 30 minutes

Class restriction: Cleric, Druid, and Oracle

After everyone read the Skill’s Introduction, excitement illuminated their expressions.

What a godly Skill!

Previously, these players had only heard of Skills that could resurrect players during battle. Now, not only was one such Skill before them, but it could also reduce the death penalty!.

It was very common for players to die and lose a level when fighting a Field Boss. If they could reduce their death penalty by half and only lose 50% EXP, they could save plenty of time.

“What a pity. It would be great if the death penalty reduction were slightly higher,” Cola said.

Whether it was raiding Dungeons or killing Field Bosses, MTs were the most susceptible to death…

Following which, Shi Feng shared the information for the remaining loot. The items were mostly Level 60 weapons and equipment, with the best being Secret-Silver rank. However, none of them could compare to Basic Soul Return Skill.

“Guild Leader, should we search for another Troll encampment?” Minor Wind asked. Even after observing their surroundings for some time, he did not notice any signs of incoming monsters. It was likely that they had cleared out all of the nearby Trolls. If they wanted to kill more, they would have to grind elsewhere.

“No. First, we need to greet our friends hiding in the distance,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head. He then turned to the dead forest on his left, shouting, “You’ve been watching for quite some time now. Why don’t you come out and meet us?”