Chapter 1114 - Advanced Technique

Chapter 1114 – Advanced Technique

As soon as Minor Wind finished his report, the team heard crashing from the nearby forest as one tree after another fell to the ground. Suddenly, three three-meter-tall figures jumped into the clearing. These three figures were black-skinned Trolls clad in broken armor, each wielding a silver spear. Their blood-red eyes radiated an intense bloodlust.

“Roar!”

The instant the three black Trolls noticed Shi Feng’s group, they bellowed in rage. One of them even swung their spear at a nearby tree, felling the massive tree with a single attack. Even Shi Feng couldn’t underestimate their incredible Strength.

[Petrified Troll] (Lord)

Level 62

HP 8,200,000/8,200,000

Everyone on the team felt an immense pressure from the Petrified Trolls.

If the Trolls were merely Level 40 Lords, they could hold the monsters back. However, a Level 62 Lord was many times more powerful than a Level 40. On their team, only their MTs could withstand an assault from one of these monsters. No one else could endure their attacks, much less pin them down.

These Level 62 Lords possessed combat standards at the Trial Tower’s fourth floor. These Petrified Trolls’ Attributes also dwarfed theirs. The same held true for speed. In addition, Lord ranked monsters were generally resistant to Control Skills. If they could neither outrun nor control these monsters, just how were they supposed to fight against the Petrified Trolls?

Shi Feng’s expression was just as serious as the rest of his team.

What rotten luck. It’s even capable of summoning Petrified Trolls.

The Troll Chieftain surprised Shi Feng.

Unlike ordinary Trolls, Petrified Trolls had Petrification Runes carved all over their bodies, which made their skin harder than even steel. They were also monstrously strong. They were famous for being difficult enemies. In the past, players that encountered these Petrified Trolls generally turned and fled.

The three Petrified Trolls didn’t give Shi Feng’s team much time to react. Without hesitation, they pounced on Cola, who currently held back the Troll Chieftain.

“Why are they always targeting me?!” Glancing at the approaching Petrified Trolls, Cola activated his Tier 1 Protection Blessing and Last Stand, reducing all incoming damage by 50%, weakening any impact he received, and increasing his maximum HP by 40%. Instantly, his maximum HP rose to 49,530.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Three silver spears struck Cola’s Dragonscale Shield, one after another.

-6,717.

-6,809.

-6,784.

Following which, the Troll Chieftain brandished its massive red greatsword and slashed at Cola.

Tier 3 Skill, Stormrage.

Quickly adjusting his footwork, Cola lifted his shield just in time to block the attack coming from his side. Meanwhile, the distant Violet Cloud quickly cast a Truth Shield on the Guardian Knight.

Boom!

When the Troll Chieftain’s greatsword crashed into the Dragonscale Shield, dazzling sparks flew as a loud boom resounded through the dead forest. Everyone felt the shockwave from the impact. As for Cola, numerous deep cuts ripped apart the ground around him.

The Truth Shield on Cola shattered as the Guardian Knight was thrown, only stopping when he crashed into a large tree. The wood splintered upon impact.

-19,678!

“What a powerful move!”

Everyone gasped at the power of the Troll Chieftain’s attack.

If not for Cola activating Protection Blessing and Last Stand beforehand, he would’ve died instantly.

After witnessing this assault, the team finally understood that these Trolls were far from ordinary. The Trolls could actually coordinate their attacks. It was also obvious that the Troll Chieftain had already planned this, saving its ultimate move to deal a final blow. Unfortunately for the Trolls, Cola was Zero Wing’s number one MT. He wore a Tier 1 Set Equipment and wielded the Epic ranked Dragonscale Shield. In addition, he had three Advanced Mana Armor Kits equipped. After activating his Lifesaving Skills, he was not that easy to instant-kill.

However, after receiving the four Trolls’ combination attack, Cola had less than 10,000 HP remaining.

Shi Feng took a Tier 2 Magic Scroll from his bag, unfurling it and reading the incantation within.

Immediately, the dark blue Magic Scroll began to activate. Eighteen ice spears appeared around Shi Feng. He then controlled the frozen spears to attack the Troll Chieftain and the three Petrified Trolls.

Tier 2 Spell, Ice Wheel.

Every one of the eighteen ice spears was powerful. If they all hit their mark, even a Great Lord would suffer severe wounds.

“Go!”

However, Shi Feng did not simply use the eighteen spears to attack the Trolls. Instead, he executed Sword’s Orbit with the spears.

The eighteen spears formed a beautiful star of ice and struck at the four Trolls.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

The instant the spears met the Trolls, a series of crashes echoed throughout the clearing. The Trolls cried in agony.

“Guild Leader, you’re too good to me! You used a Tier 3 Magic Scroll to save me!” Cola released a sigh of relief when he saw the four Trolls being pushed back.

The team’s four healers hadn’t recovered half of his HP yet. If he received another round of attacks, he would have no choice but to activate his final Lifesaving Skill.

Now that the four Trolls had been forced back, he had room to breathe.

…

“Who are these people?”

“A 20-man team is actually grinding monsters here! This is insane!”

“That attack should have been from a Tier 3 Magic Scroll, right? That is simply extravagant!”

While Shi Feng’s team fought the Trolls, the Midnight Tea Party watched the battle from above the distant forest. They were curious as they observed Shi Feng’s team of twenty cloaked players in battle.

“No, that should have been an Elementalist’s Tier 2 Spell, Ice Wheel,” Endless Scars said, shaking her head. She glanced at the Petrified Trolls, which had been forced back by over twenty yards, and the Troll Chieftain, which had taken six steps back, and said, “However, the Magic Scroll’s user is very powerful. He managed to incorporate the Spell with some kind of special technique, allowing the Tier 2 Ice Wheel to display the might of a Tier 3 Spell.”

“That’s not possible, right? We’re talking about a Magic Scroll. It is already extremely difficult to incorporate Skills with combat techniques, not to mention enhancing a Skill’s power to such a degree.” The Assassin, Netherworld Wave, could not bring himself to believe Endless Scars. However, the latter was an Elementalist and far more familiar with magic-type Skills than himself. Moreover, in terms of combat techniques, Endless Scars was unmatched in their adventurer team.

“That person did incorporate a combat technique into Ice Wheel. However, his technique is so advanced that even I can’t discern any clues on how he achieved it,” Breeze Wine, the team’s leader, said, confirming Endless Scars’s claim. “Among the experts I’ve encountered, that player can rank in the top three.”

“What?! Is he even human?!” Cloud Yarn could not help but blink as she stared at the distant Shi Feng. This was the first time she had heard their team leader praise someone to such a degree.

At this moment, the Ranger, Dark War, who had been paying attention to the battle, recaptured his teammates’ attention, “Look! That player is about to make a move!”

The Midnight Tea Party’s players immediately returned their gazes to Shi Feng.

…

“Fire, coordinate with Snow and lure one of the Petrified Trolls away. Leave the remaining two to me,” Shi Feng commanded.