Chapter 1119 - Fallen Ark

Chapter 1119 – Fallen Ark

Just as the Midnight Tea Party’s members waited for their leader’s answer, Breeze Wine’s offer had also stunned Shi Feng’s team.

The man had actually offered three pieces of Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment right off the bat.

At this stage of the game, even first-rate Guild’s top-tier experts only wore Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment. Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment was simply too difficult to obtain. Normally, one only encountered such items by killing Field Bosses or completing quests. After all, the various large Guilds were still amassing equipment from Level 40 large-scale Team Dungeons. They still did not have good enough equipment to raid Level 45 large-scale Team Dungeons.

If put up for auction, Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment could sell for at least 200 Gold. If it were an excellent piece of Dark-Gold Equipment, selling for even 500 Gold wouldn’t be surprising.

Three pieces of Dark-Gold Equipment was easily worth 1,000 Gold.

Presented with such an offer, even large Guilds would be willing to give everything they had to help.

“Thank you for your the offer, Team Leader Breeze, but we have other matters that we need to attend to, so we cannot accept your offer.” Shi Feng rejected the offer without so much as a thought.

Although three pieces of Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment were quite valuable, it wasn’t what Zero Wing needed the most right now.

The Green Ebony they were after would affect Stone Forest Town’s prosperity. The wood was arguably their top priority.

Shi Feng’s outright rejection stunned the Midnight Tea Party.

Even Super Guilds wouldn’t casually reject a 1,000-Gold offer, yet Shi Feng’ hadn’t hesitated in the least…

Dark War and the others, who had been opposed to the idea of Shi Feng’s team joining them, were somewhat annoyed.

Their Midnight Tea Party had never asked for help before, yet in their first attempt, their offer had been tossed aside like garbage. Why wouldn’t they be frustrated?

Meanwhile, Endless Scars, who stood to a side, looked at Shi Feng. Smiling, she said, “Truthfully, we don’t need much help with our quest. We simply hope that you will help us fend off any monsters while we activate a magic array. We won’t take up much of your time. One hour should be more than enough. If you feel that three pieces of Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment aren’t enough, we can pay 4,000 Magic Crystals instead. What do you think?”

“Big Sis Endless?” Cloud Yarn’s pretty eyes widened as she stared at Endless Scars in astonishment.

Their leader’s invitation was understandable as the man wanted to befriend Shi Feng’s team. However, she had never imagined that Endless Scars would also make an offer.

Moreover, Endless Scars was offering Magic Crystals.

Magic Crystal was the current mainstream currency among God’s Domain’s experts because Magic Crystals allowed players to enter the Divine Colosseum’s Trial Tower. There were many other uses for Magic Crystals as well. It was easy to trade Magic Crystals for Coins, but the same was not true for the reverse. As for weapons and equipment, if an expert had no need for them, they didn’t have much value to said expert. Hence, apex experts were more willing to act for Magic Crystals than anything else.

“One hour for 4,000 Magic Crystals? Miss Endless, your proposal is impossible to refuse.” Endless Scars’s wealth momentarily stunned Shi Feng.

Not long ago, Phoenix Rain had offered to hire ten of Zero Wing’s players for an entire day for 5,000 Magic Crystals. Even then, he was impressed by the woman’s wealth. If it were up to him, he’d never pay such a high price.

Only now did he understood that there was always someone better in this world.

However, when he thought about how the Blackwater Corporation backed Endless Scars, spending 4,000 Magic Crystals wouldn’t be much of an issue for her.

“Let’s sign a contract right away, then.” The smile on Endless Scars’s face grew even more charming when she heard Shi Feng’s answer.

Following which, Shi Feng signed a contract with Breeze Wine.

The system contract was assurance for both parties involved. Aside from players who were unwilling to spend five Silver Coins on the contract, players at this stage of the game generally signed one when working together.

After signing the contract, Shi Feng and his team followed Midnight Tea Party’s members as they carefully proceeded down a gravel path through the dead forest.

“Leader, Endless, what are you two thinking? The quest is dangerous enough already, yet you just invited a team that we know nothing about. What if they harbor some hostility once we complete the quest? Wouldn’t we suffer a massive loss?” Dark War asked, displeased, as he eyed Shi Feng and the others.

This quest was extraordinary. It was the most difficult quest the Midnight Tea Party had ever undertaken. Although it was not a Legendary Quest, it could be considered a Pseudo-Legendary Quest. It was very likely that they could acquire a Fragmented Legendary item during this quest.

Not even Super Guilds had a Fragmented Legendary item.

If Shi Feng and his team discovered this, it would be a miracle if they did not outright betray them.

The other Midnight Tea Party members supported Dark War’s opinions. They could not understand why these two people, who were usually the most level headed on their team, would make such an irrational decision about something so important.

Ignoring the complaints, Endless Scars turned to Breeze Wine. Smiling, she asked, “Leader, do you want to say it? Or should I?”

“Fine, I’ll say it, then.” Breeze Wine shook his head and laughed. “Although you know that our quest is incredibly difficult, you guys don’t know exactly how difficult. Based on Endless’s and my estimates, our chances of success is less than 30%. Opening the entrance will be the most difficult part of our quest!”

“Opening the entrance?” The team was confused.

“That’s right. Although we have the key to unlock the Fallen Ark, when we begin the process, it will alert the Ark’s guards. Based on the information Endless and I uncovered, there should be five guards, one of which is a Grand Lord, while the remaining four are Great Lords. With our current manpower, it will be too difficult to maintain the magic array while dealing with one Grand Lord and four Great Lords. Originally, Endless and I had planned to use two of the Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls our team obtained. Now, however, plans have changed. With these experts’ help, our chances of success will rise to 50%,” Breeze Wine explained. “Moreover, befriending these experts isn’t necessarily a bad thing. We might even get to cooperate with them during high-difficulty quests in the future.”

Realization dawned when these players heard Breeze Wine’s explanation. It was no wonder why Endless Scars had offered such an exorbitant price to Shi Feng’s team.

As everyone conversed in hushed tones, Breeze Wine had led them to a large canyon dotted with green hills and blue water. The canyon looked as if some giant sword had split the large mountain in half. Each side of the canyon radiated a powerful pressure that scared the monsters in Crying Ghost Ridge away.

Isn’t this the Fallen Ark’s location?

Shock colored Shi Feng’s face when he saw this scene.

Is the Midnight Tea Party’s quest related to the Fallen Ark?

In his previous life, the Fallen Ark had been extremely famous in God’s Domain. It was also the Crying Ghost Ridge’s greatest secret.

It was rumored that the Fallen Ark had been one of the ultimate weapons in the Great Ancient War. Even Gods would perish under one of the Ark’s attacks. However, the Ark had been destroyed during the war and had fallen in Crying Ghost Ridge. Because of the Ark’s magic, the Mana flow in the ridge was quite abnormal, making the area inhospitable for humans. Hence, various foreign races had occupied the Crying Ghost Ridge instead.