Chapter 1110 - Contesting Over Monster Encampments

Chapter 1110 – Contesting over Monster Encampments

Shi Feng shook his head when he heard Phoenix Rain’s question. Contrary to Phoenix Rain’s assumption, he was not particularly interested in Thunder Island.

Phoenix Rain found Shi Feng’s response reasonable.

If Shi Feng truly understood the situation on Thunder Island, then he knew how fierce the upcoming contest would be.

There were already three Super Guilds participating in the contest, not to mention super-first-rate Guilds. Moreover, the upcoming fights wouldn’t be minor. These Guilds were dispatching all of their top players. Every one of these existences wanted authority over Thunder Island. This way, they could temporarily establish a Guild transfer point and set up a foundation to explore the Sea of Death.

After all, the Sea of Death was quite far from the main continent. Even if players traveled from the nearest coastal town on a speedboat, they would have to sail for over a day to reach the Sea of Death. On their way to Thunder Island, players would also have to venture through a dangerous sea zone.

One also needed a sufficiently powerful naval fleet to participate in the contest.

Sea monsters were more powerful than land monsters, not to mention Boss-ranked sea monsters. Even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had to sacrifice a large number of elites and experts to kill one such Boss. They could easily lose up to 30 ships during one of these raids. Even first-rate Guilds could not afford such a loss, yet even after so many sacrifices, they would only obtain one or two entry passes.

To Zero Wing, which didn’t have a naval foundation, it would likely lose far more than the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion if it tried to join this contest.

“Give me twenty slots. I can help you defend two ancient towers. My price is 20,000 Magic Crystals and one temporary transfer point. If we fail, I won’t charge a single Coin. I also won’t require any compensation for deaths,” Shi Feng said after giving the matter some thought.

It was very difficult to occupy the monster encampments on Thunder Island. The monsters in these encampments depended on the players on the island. These monsters were generally Chieftain rank and above. Before players reached Tier 2, the Bosses defending these encampments would be fixed as Grand Lords. Including the risk of ambushes by other Guilds, the difficulty of capturing an encampment was obvious at a glance.

Most importantly, the monsters in these encampments had extremely high Defense and Magic Resistance. It was not possible to raid these encampments normally. One needed the ancient towers’ buffs to lower the difficulty.

Meanwhile, the more ancient towers one occupied, the easier it would become to deal with these monsters.

However, Thunder Island had a limited number of ancient towers. The various large Guilds would definitely dispatch their men to take these towers over, although they would only send a small number of players to do so. After all, the monster encampments were the most important targets.

To secure an ancient tower, one would generally dispatch 15 to 20 players, and these Guilds usually attempted to occupy three or four towers. Once they did, with their experts’ strength, they could take down a monster encampment with roughly one hundred players.

His offer to defend two ancient towers would undoubtedly relieve some of the burden on Phoenix Rain. She would have an additional 10 players to help her occupy a monster encampment.

“You’ll secure two ancient towers?” Phoenix Rain fell into deep thought.

To solidify their hold on the ancient towers, she had previously decided to dispatch 20 players to each tower. Her plan was to send 60 players to capture three ancient towers. The other 100-plus players she had would be more than enough to capture an encampment. This was her most conservative plan. Ideally, she wanted to capture two encampments. However, this was simply too difficult.

If what Shi Feng said was true and he could maintain two ancient towers with just 20 players, she could save an additional 20 players for herself. If she put more efforts into expanding her fleet, she might even obtain two or three more entry passes before the day of the contest. By then, she would have a chance of obtaining two monster encampments.

Only, Shi Feng’s transfer point condition was somewhat difficult to agree to.

For each monster encampment one captured on Thunder Island, they would earn two temporary Guild transfer points in the town. She had already promised one transfer point to another large Guild that had agreed to assist her. If not for said large Guild, she would not have obtained so many entry passes in the first place.

If she accepted Shi Feng’s offer, she had to secure two monster encampments.

However, there were too many uncertainties.

Moreover, Phoenix Rain found it hard to believe that Zero Wing had so many powerful experts capable of defending two ancient towers with just a team of twenty.

“Is there some issue?” Shi Feng could not help but ask as he watched Phoenix Rain ponder his offer.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, to tell you the truth, each captured monster encampment only provides two temporary Guild transfer points. Among them, I have already promised one to the Firmament Guild. Although Firmament is only a first-rate Guild, the Guild has been developing its maritime strength. Currently, its navy is even stronger than many super-first-rate Guilds. If not for them, I wouldn’t have obtained so many entry passes, to begin with,” Phoenix Rain explained.

“Firmament?” Shi Feng recalled the Guild from his past.

The Firmament Guild was indeed an overlord at sea. Firmament had occupied two coastal NPC cities, which had populations in the millions, very early in the game. These two cities served as the foundation for the Guild to develop its maritime strength. In addition, Firmament had focused on developing its navy. Although overall, it was significantly weaker than super-first-rate Guilds, battles at sea did not rely on Guild experts. The quantity and quality of the Guild’s ships also played a major role. In the past, even some Super Guilds had not been a match for Firmament’s combat power at sea.

It was no wonder why the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had managed to obtain so many entry passes, despite having recently begun its naval development.

“When will Thunder Island’s contest begin?” Shi Feng asked.

“The contest will begin in seven days. However, traveling to the island takes a full day, so we only have six days to prepare,” Phoenix Rain replied as she gave Shi Feng a quizzical look. She didn’t understand why Shi Feng had asked such a question.

“Seven days should be enough,” Shi Feng said, laughing. “Phoenix Pavilion Master, how about I make you another offer? Give me 60 slots. As long as your side can hold three ancient towers, my side will capture a monster encampment for you. In return, I want 100,000 Magic Crystals or Lands of equivalent value in addition to one temporary transfer point. What do you think?”

When Phoenix Rain and Blue Phoenix heard Shi Feng’s new proposal, they stared at him in shock.

They both believed that Shi Feng was insane.

While 100,000 Magic Crystals was not a problem for them, they simply did not understand where Shi Feng found his confidence to make such a bold claim.

Based on her estimation, under the assumption that they could capture three ancient towers as planned, capturing a monster encampment required at least 100 apex experts.

Although the Guild seemed full of experts to ordinary players, in the eyes of superpowers, Zero Wing only had around ten truly capable experts. How was Shi Feng going to fill the 50 remaining slots?

Even if he could dispatch another 50 capable experts, it was impossible to capture a monster encampment with just 60 players.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, you originally planned to capture only one encampment, right? You should know that the likelihood of capturing a second is quite low. Even if you allow Zero Wing to fight for the second encampment, I’m sure you won’t suffer much loss. If you are still not sure, I can sign an agreement. If Zero Wing fails to secure the second encampment, we will pay 100,000 Magic Crystals. How about it?”