Chapter 1111 - Improving Strength

Chapter 1111 – Improving Strength

Shi Feng’s words stunned Phoenix Rain and Blue Phoenix.

One hundred thousand Magic Crystals was not a small amount. Even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion would not casually play with such a large amount. They never thought that Shi Feng would be so confident of capturing a monster encampment.

However, even after watching Shi Feng for a long moment, neither of them saw any signs of anxiety. Shi Feng had remained extremely calm the entire time.

After giving the matter some thought, Phoenix Rain said, “Since Guild Leader Black Flame is so confident, I will agree to your conditions.”

“Big Sis Rain?” Blue Phoenix could not help but turn to Phoenix Rain in shock.

Setting aside Zero Wing’s confidence in capturing a monster encampment, losing 60 slots would be a major problem for the Phoenix Pavilion.

They only had 21 entry passes. After deducting Zero Wing’s 60 players and the 60 players required to defend the ancient towers, they only had 90 remaining slots. Even if they were lucky and obtained another three passes in the next few days, attempting to capture a monster encampment with only 120 experts was risky.

In the off chance that Zero Wing failed and their side was targeted by other Guilds, it was possible that they might end up with nothing at all.

If they followed their original plan, however, they could gain at least one monster encampment.

“Don’t worry. I understand the risks.”

Phoenix Rain did not bother to explain herself to Blue Phoenix. She signed an agreement with Shi Feng.

As long as Zero Wing captured a monster encampment and secured it until the end of the contest, Phoenix Rain would pay 100,000 Magic Crystals and one temporary Guild transfer point on Thunder Island.

After both sides signed the contract, Phoenix Rain left the lounge with Blue Phoenix.

…

As they climbed into the advanced carriage, Blue Phoenix couldn’t hold it in any longer. “Big Sis Rain, isn’t this move a little too risky? Nine Dragons Emperor’s group is capable of taking at least one monster encampment down. If we end up with nothing, we won’t have leverage against Nine Dragons Emperor.”

Phoenix Rain was clearly able to reach a draw with Nine Dragons Emperor, yet she had intentionally chosen a more dangerous path. This was completely different from how Phoenix Rain normally operated.

“Blue, what you’re saying is correct. If we follow according to the original plan, we could end in a draw,” Phoenix Rain said, chuckling. “However, even if Black Flame hadn’t suggested such a risky endeavor, when the time came, I would have split our forces to capture two monster encampments.

“I wonder if Black Flame suggested such a crazy plan because he prediction my intentions. In any case, I won’t lose anything by agreeing to his proposal. On the contrary, Zero Wing will share the price of failure with us, but that price is more severe for them.

“Moreover, I am also very curious as to why Black Flame is so confident of taking down a monster encampment with just 60 Zero Wing members.”

Phoenix Rain’s words rendered Blue Phoenix speechless.

Phoenix Rain had made such a risky decision simply to sate her curiosity. How was she any different from Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame?

…

In the quiet second-floor lounge in the Candlelight Trading Firm…

Shortly after Phoenix Rain left, two unparalleled beauties entered the room, confusion and helplessness filling their eyes as they gazed at Shi Feng.

“Guild Leader, this is a battle between God’s Domain’s superpowers. Their strength is on an entirely different level. Aren’t we taking too large of a risk for 100,000 Magic Crystals?” Aqua Rose asked, her head aching.

Before encountering the Secret Pavilion’s simulation training system, she had assumed that there was only a small difference between first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds. However, after training in the system for some time, she finally realized that Super Guilds were in an entirely different world.

Of the Secret Pavilion’s trainees currently in the simulation training system, a large number were already in the Refinement Realm. One could just imagine how many Refinement Realm experts the Secret Pavilion had, much less other Super Guilds.

In comparison, excluding Shi Feng, Zero Wing only had three people in the Refinement Realm: Fire Dance, Violet Cloud, and Gentle Snow.

While this might be a powerful force in first-rate Guilds, this was a paltry amount in the eyes of Super Guilds.

Of course, aside from combat standards, other factors also affected battles with other players such as combat experience, weapons, equipment, Skills, and various tools. Why would Super Guilds’ apex experts lack any of these?

In the end, the battles would come down to combat standards.

Gentle Snow nodded in agreement with Aqua Rose’s views.

Initially, she had been astonished. She had never imagined that not only did Zero Wing possess a close relationship with the Secret Pavilion, but even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Pavilion Master had traveled so far to seek the Guild’s aid.

Superpowers’ upper echelons like these even looked down on the Guild Leaders of first-rate Guilds. Although only a single rank separated the two Guilds, interactions between them were unheard of. Someone of Phoenix Rain’s rank making a personal visit to anything less than a super-first-rate Guild was practically a dream.

“Don’t we have seven days?” Shi Feng shrugged nonchalantly. “I just so happen to be free for the moment. I’ll help you all train for a bit.”

“Train?”

“Really?! Guild Leader, you must keep your word, alright!?”

Gentle Snow was confused. Aqua Rose, who stood beside her, however, rejoiced when she heard this. Every time Shi Feng took them out to grind monsters, not only would their levels rise rapidly, but if they were lucky, they would also get to upgrade their already-excellent weapons and equipment. The Guild’s core members always hoped that Shi Feng would lead them.

“However, we can’t have too many people this time. It is very dangerous where we are going. We’ll take a team of twenty at most.”

“Mhm, I understand.”

Upon hearing Shi Feng’s instructions, Aqua Rose immediately began to contact the other members.

Since Shi Feng’s goal was to help improve the Guild’s top combatants, she only contacted the top ranking players within the Guild. Among them were the ten Asura Battle Team members and the top players from Gentle Snow’s team as well as Alluring Summer.

Once they formed the 20-man team, Shi Feng led the team to White River City’s Teleportation Hall, teleporting to the closest town to Ghost Forest Town near the Crying Ghost Ridge. Crying Ghost Ridge was a neutral map between the Black Dragon Empire and Star-Moon Kingdom.

Although Ghost Forest Town was a border town, it was void of players.

The nearby maps were all Level 60 and above. The monsters here were simply too high-leveled for current players. If one did not wield weapons or equipment that had the Ignore Level Attribute, grinding here was impossible. Furthermore, monsters past Level 50 underwent a qualitative transformation.

Even Level 50 Common monsters were significantly stronger than Level 45 Elite monsters, much less Level 60 monsters.

It also took nearly 14 hours to reach the Crying Ghost Ridge from Ghost Forest Town on foot. Players simply had no reason to visit the town.

However, when Shi Feng’s team arrived in the town’s Teleportation Hall, they discovered another team of players. Moreover, every player within this team was very high-leveled; they were all Level 40 and above. Their weapons and equipment were also off the charts. Most frighteningly, these people were all independent players…

The instant Shi Feng’s group appeared, these players all shifted their gaze towards Shi Feng and his team. Their cold killing intent could be felt from over a hundred yards away.