Chapter 1116 - Quadruple Jackpot

Chapter 1116 – Quadruple Jackpot

There had been over 500 Elite ranked Trolls on the battlefield. When they all died, a golden glow enveloped everyone on the team as they all leveled up.

What astonishing leveling speed!

Gentle Snow was flabbergasted as she watched her experience bar rise.

When she had left White River City, she was only at 74% of Level 41. To bridge the gap and reach Level 42, she needed to grind for at least another full day or so, yet she had risen to Level 40 shortly after entering the Crying Ghost Ridge.

With this leveling speed, it was definitely possible to reach Level 43 by the next day.

After players reached Level 40, it was practically impossible to level up once a day. No one would believe this.

However, although the team had killed plenty of Troll Warriors, the loot was pitiful, to say the least.

Aside from some Copper and Silver Coins, the 500 or so Elite monsters only dropped some raw materials. Only five weapons and pieces of equipment dropped. Among them, four were Level 60 Common items, while the last was a piece of Level 60 Bronze Equipment…

However, Shi Feng was not surprised.

After reaching Level 50, the drop-rate for weapons and equipment decreased drastically. Only Chieftain or above ranked monsters had a slightly higher chance of dropping such items.

This drop-rate reduction occurred because players could begin challenging their Tier 2 class promotions after reaching Level 50. After obtaining their Tier 2 class, killing Elite monsters was as easy as taking candy from a baby. Tier 2 experts could solo Chieftains and even give Lords a run for their money. Generally, two or three Tier 2 experts working together could easily take down a Lord of the same level.

Naturally, the system wouldn’t give players high-level weapons and equipment so easily.

Hence, past Level 50, 6-man Party Dungeons, even in Normal Mode, usually had Lords as the Final Boss. Moreover, these Bosses had extremely powerful AOE Skills. One mistake could easily lead to a party-wipe. The same held true for Tier 2 experts.

Adventurer teams and Workshops that wanted to make money by selling weapons and equipment generally needed to deal with Chieftains of the same level. If they wished to grind for Mysterious-Iron Equipment, at the very least, they had to deal with Lord ranked monsters. This resulted in the rise in popularity for Lifestyle classes capable of producing weapons and equipment.

Of course, the system also restricted such Lifestyle classes by significantly increasing the production costs of weapons and equipment that were Level 50 and above. As a result, even Bronze Weapons and Equipment required many rare materials. This greatly limited the number of weapons and equipment Lifestyle players could produce and protected the market from oversaturation.

…

“This team is simply…ridiculous…. They have four people capable of using large-scale destruction Spells in a 20-man team! Even our adventurer team only has two people with such Spells…”

“Is that Swordsman an NPC? He can actually overwhelm two Level 62 Lords.”

Shi Feng’s performance had astonished the Midnight Tea Party’s members.

However, they weren’t shocked because Shi Feng had fought two Level 60-plus Lords by himself. After all, they were capable of that themselves. What truly shocked them was the overwhelming Strength Shi Feng had displayed. The Swordsman had managed to suppress the Petrified Trolls through brute force.

…

“Turtledove, help tank the Petrified Troll on Fire’s side. Wumian, lure one away from me. Everyone else, prioritize killing the Troll Shamans!” Shi Feng ordered after sweeping a glance over the Troll Shamans, who had less than half their HPs remaining. “Cola, start running! Lure the Troll Chieftain as far away from here as possible! Don’t give the Shamans any chance to heal the Chieftain!”

“Understood.” Cola immediately dashed in the opposite direction of the Troll Shamans.

Seeing this, the Troll Chieftain chased after the escaping Guardian Knight.

When the Troll Chieftain moved, the Troll Shamans had no choice but to follow their leader. However, they couldn’t cast their heals while moving. As a result, the Troll Shamans couldn’t heal the Troll Chieftain.

Meanwhile, the other members on Shi Feng’s team begun to bombard the Troll Shamans.

After a few moments, the Troll Shamans collapsed, one after another, becoming EXP for Shi Feng’s team.

Without the Shamans’ heals, the Petrified Trolls became a lot easier to deal with.

“Don’t kill the Petrified Trolls! Leave them at 5% HP!” Shi Feng warned his teammates when he noticed Turtledove’s Petrified Troll only had 10% of its HP remaining.

The Petrified Trolls were Lords. Although the chances of them dropping Green Ebony were high, simply killing them would be a waste. After all, he had Icarus’s Heart on him. If he killed the Lords, the chances of them dropping Green Ebony would be a lot higher.

Although no one understood what Shi Feng intended to do, they followed his commands.

When Turtledove’s Petrified Troll had 5% HP remaining, the team halted their attacks and shifted their focus to Ye Wumian’s Troll.

Under the violent bombardment, it only took five minutes for all three Petrified Trolls to reach 5% of their total HP.

“Guild Leader, can we kill them now?” Aqua Rose asked.

While their team’s firepower was indeed fierce, keeping all three Petrified Trolls alive placed an extremely heavy burden on their team’s healers. Moreover, after such a long battle, their healers only had 30% of their Mana remaining. On the other hand, the Troll Chieftain had most of its HP remaining. If they delayed the Petrified Trolls’ deaths, their healers would not last.

Thirty-percent Mana remaining… We could give it a try.

Shi Feng calculated some factors as he glanced at the Troll Chieftain’s HP and the healers’ Mana. He then said through the team chat, “Healers, use your Intermediate Mana Recovery Potions. Fire, take this Petrified Troll over for me. Remember, keep the Petrified Trolls at least 50 yards away from the Troll Chieftain. Everyone else, focus your fire on the Chieftain!”

Saying so, Shi Feng activated Silent Steps and appeared behind the Troll Chieftain. He then executed Thundering Flash.

Five blue lightning streaks devoured the Great Lord, causing damages of around -7,000 to appear above its head. In terms of Defense, the Troll Chieftain was even stronger than the Petrified Trolls. However, after receiving the Damage Amplification debuff from Thundering Flash, the team’s damage was slightly higher.

Divine Providence had a 30-minute Cooldown. Shi Feng did not want to waste it.

Although the Troll Chieftain was a Great Lord, it only had 42,000,000 HP. It also had only three main damage Skills. Among them, one was the Tier 3 Skill, Stormrage. The second one was Death Curse. It was a Spell that was guaranteed to kill one player if it landed. However, this Spell could be dodged, and players would be fine so long as the Spell missed them. The last was an AOE Skill called Whirlwind of Death. When activated, this Skill would decrease the Attack Speed and Movement Speed of all enemies within a 100 yards by 50%. Moreover, players would receive one Death debuff every ten seconds, each debuff increasing the damage they received by 10%. The Troll Chieftain would only activate this skill when its HP fell to 30%.

Many teams had fallen under the Troll Chieftain’s greatsword in the past due to Whirlwind of Death.

To put it simply, once Whirlwind of Death activated, it would become a competition of damage against the Troll Chieftain. However, Shi Feng was not worried. After all, their team’s firepower was off the charts.

As the battle with the Troll Chieftain continued, Cola’s HP continuously increased and decreased. Every time the Troll Chieftain used Stormrage, Shi Feng landed a full-powered blow to one one of the Great Lord’s Joints, disrupting Stormrage’s trajectory slightly. This small deviation provided Cola with enough space to dodge the attack, preventing his HP from dropping to a critical level and increasing the burden on the healers.

As for the Troll Chieftain’s Death Curse, Shi Feng warned his teammates to avoid the Great Lord’s front when he noticed the Boss activating the Spell. As the Troll Chieftain channeled Death Curse though its eyes, one simply needed to avoid standing before the Great Lord and wait out the Spell’s five-second duration. Ordinary players might find it difficult to avoid this Spell, but these players were experts. As long as Shi Feng notified them in time, they could dodge the Spell with little-to-no trouble.

When the Troll Chieftain only had 30% HP remaining, it roared with fury.

“Despicable humans, know our wrath!” the Troll Chieftain shouted. It then spun its greatsword at the sky. A black storm instantly formed, covering the battlefield and enveloping Zero Wing’s players.

“Finally.” Shi Feng had long since grown impatient. He activated Phantom Kill and Nine Dragons Slash. “Don’t hold back! Throw everything you’ve got at it!”

With the addition of Shi Feng’s doppelganger and the twelve Abyssal Blade Phantoms, the team’s damage output instantly soared. The other team members similarly activated their Sure-kill Skills.

The Troll Chieftain’s HP rapidly decreased. It lost over 200,000 HP every second.

In the end, when it only had 1% HP remaining, Shi Feng activated Divine Providence and Thunder God’s Descent. Both he and his doppelganger then activated Flame Burst and went on to attack the Troll Chieftain before assaulting the three Petrified Trolls.

As the four Trolls died, four golden balls of light lifted from their corpses and flew into the air. Following which, the golden balls burst and transformed into streams of light that rained on the battlefield.

Everyone was rendered speechless.

These players had seen something like this before. This scene occurred when they triggered a jackpot.

The Midnight Tea Party’s members were also dumbfounded.

Quadruple jackpots! This was utterly ridiculous!