Chapter 1129 - Ransacking The Armory

Chapter 1129 – Ransacking the Armory

Sure enough, a complete Domain is really powerful!

Shi Feng was slightly stunned. The Fallen Ark’s abyssal monsters were much stronger than he had imagined. It was no wonder why God’s Domain’s various superpowers hadn’t been a match for these monsters in the past.

This was definitely the first time Shi Feng had encountered a Mythic monster that wielded a complete Domain. Generally, only Tier 4 NPCs could use one. This was also the factor that provided Tier 4 NPCs the power to face Tier 4 Mythic monsters.

Right now, despite him having activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power, he could barely move his body. His joints even creaked as he moved.

“Oh? Someone can still move?”

As Shi Feng moved, a cold, deep voice reverberated through everyone’s minds. When the team members lifted their heads, they discovered that a humanoid creature, which was roughly four meters tall and covered in scales, had suddenly appeared before them. The creature had two blade-like arms and crimson eyes that were as large as an ordinary human’s fist. Two sets of jet-black wings also stretched from the creature’s back.

[Soul Eater Lord] (Dark Creature, Mythic [Weakened])

Level 67

HP 210,000,000/210,000,000

Every player gasped when they saw this creature.

Despite being weakened, the creature was still a Mythic monster. Moreover, the team despaired upon seeing his HP. Even a team of 1,000 experts would be cannon fodder against this monster, much less a 20-man team.

We’re doomed!

As Aqua Rose watched the Soul Eater Lord gradually approach them, she could already see her and her teammates’ instant death in her mind.

However, Aqua Rose still did not know that any player the Fallen Ark’s ancient abyssal monsters killed would not get away with losing a single level.

“What an interesting little fellow. It’s a pity that your struggling is useless. Just become my soul’s nourishment obediently,” the Soul Eater Lord said as he widened his ferocious mouth. He could no longer wait to devour these players.

When 30 yards separated the team from the Soul Eater Lord, Shi Feng finally finished chanting the last verse of the incantation in his heart. He abruptly unfurled the dark blue Magic Scroll in his hands.

“Pointless resistance will only add to your pain and despair!”

The Soul Eater Lord had already noticed the Tier 4 Magic Scroll in Shi Feng’s hands. However, he disregarded the object because he was fully capable of dealing with any Tier 4 Spells. If it were a Tier 5 Magic Scroll, he might be nervous. However, such Magic Scrolls had even been extremely rare during the ancient ara, not to mention the present era.

“Oh, really?” Shi Feng smiled faintly.

Immediately, an aqua-blue magic array formed beneath Shi Feng’s feet. Following which, with Shi Feng as the center, a faint blue barrier expanded outward.

Tier 4 Curse, Water Boundary!

Water Boundary was not an attack-type Curse. Rather, it was a defensive Curse. The Curse was even capable of blocking Tier 5 attacks. It was a kind of absolute defense; the Curse had a radius of 20 yards and a duration of 30 seconds.

After Water Boundary formed, Zero Wing’s members immediate felt the pressure dissipate as they regained their freedom of movement.

“Damn it!” The Soul Eater Lord’s expression twisted as the Water Boundary formed. It then began to assault the barrier.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

The Soul Eater Lord was so fast that even Shi Feng could barely see its movements.

Everyone’s hearts pounded as a series of expressions echoed throughout the Fallen Ark.

They were terrified that the Soul Eater Lord would break through the seemingly flimsy, light-blue barrier.

After glancing at the fluctuating, blue barrier, Shi Feng shifted his attention away from the Soul Eater Lord as he commanded, “Alright, get moving! We don’t have much time left!”

As a Tier 4 defensive Curse, Water Boundary could withstand the Soul Eater Lord’s attacks, even if he were at his peak. The Soul Eater tribe’s king, though, would have no problem shattering the barrier. Unfortunately, that kind of existence, which was as powerful as Gods, was not in the current Ark.

Following which, the Soul Eater Lord could only watch helplessly as Shi Feng led his team into the Armory.

After entering the Armory, Shi Feng turned around and shut the door, immediately locking it.

“Guild Leader, that monster can’t break in here, right?” Violet Cloud asked worriedly as she recalled how powerful the Soul Eater was.

“Relax. This is the Fallen Ark, one of the final weapons the Gods created. Divine runes strengthen the Ark’s interior. Even a Soul Eater King would have a hard time destroying the interior of the Ark, not to mention a Soul Eater Lord,” Shi Feng said nonchalantly.

His companions could not help but release a sigh of relief when they heard Shi Feng’s reassurance.

“Now that the danger has been dealt with, Fire, you and Flying will disable the traps inside the Armory. Everyone else, move carefully!” Shi Feng ordered. Looking at the time, he found that they had around six minutes before they had to log out of the game. If they could not remove the traps within the Armory during these six minutes, by the time they logged back into the game, these traps would become much harder to disable.

Hearing this, Fire Dance and Flying Shadow immediately went into action.

As for the rest of the team, they let their gazes wander the Armory.

For a moment, they were stupefied.

The Armory was a massive treasure trove. There was a variety of tools on display, and every one was extremely tempting.

“Guild Leader, look over there! Mana Pulse Cannons! They’re even Intermediate rank!”

During the war against the Star Alliance, Shi Feng had spent 20,000 Gold to purchase a Basic Mana Pulse Cannon. A single attack from the cannon could rival the might of a Tier 4 large-scale destruction Spell. Moreover, the cannon had a range of 15,000 yards and a radius of 200 yards. Unfortunately, the cannon was very costly to use, with each shot requiring 1,000 Magic Crystals. Moreover, it had a long Cooldown of around three to four minutes.

Meanwhile, upon reading the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannon’s information, the team discovered that it was even more impressive than they had thought. Although its attack was roughly as powerful as a Tier 4 destruction Spell, it had a range of 20,000 yards and a radius of 500 yards. It cost 2,000 Magic Crystals to fire a single round and similarly had a Cooldown of around three to four minutes.

The difference between a radius of 200 yards and 500 yards was simply outrageous.

Furthermore, this Armory actually had two Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons. If Zero Wing had had these two cannons and a sufficient number of Magic Crystals during its battle against Blackwater, winning the war would have been far easier.

However, rather than the Mana Pulse Cannon, Shi Feng’s gaze stopped on a magical, steel car.

He was quite familiar with this item.

Movement-type defensive magic array. Although it was only a Basic Defensive Magic Array, it could be moved freely even after being activated. In the past, large Guilds treated it like a mobile fortress. As long as this magic array had enough Mana, it could block all Tier 3 attacks and lower. Meanwhile, its maximum radius could cover an entire Basic Town.

Aside from the Mana Pulse Cannons and movement-type defensive magic array, there were a large number of Basic Mana Pulse Bombs. Every bomb possessed the might of a Tier 3 Spell and had a radius of 25 yards. They could be thrown up to a maximum of 50 yards. They were incredibly suited for individual players. To current players, these Mana Pulse Bombs were godly weapons in group battles as a single bomb could obliterate all players in a 25-yard radius.

There were actually over a thousand of such bombs…

Shi Feng had never imagined that a single Armory would contain such a large harvest. With these items, the issue of his future city’s defense was practically settled.

Seconds passed, then minutes. When there were only two minutes before the system update began, Fire Dance and Flying Shadow had disabled 90% of the Armory’s traps. Only one trap set up around a stone altar was left.

“Guild Leader, this trap is too complex! Even I can’t disable it!” Fire Dance exclaimed as she examined the trap before her.

“Even you can’t disable it?” Shi Feng was surprised.

They were still in the Ark’s outer region. With Fire Dance being an Advanced Trap Disabler, she should be able to deal with every trap here. It was only a matter of time.

However, the fact that Fire Dance was unable to disable the trap spoke volumes about the stone alter’s value.

Since time was running out, Shi Feng immediately removed Icarus’s Heart from his neck and passed it to Fire Dance.

Fire Dance was momentarily dazed when she saw Icarus’s Heart. She had never expected such a powerful Epic item to exist.

“Hurry; use this to disable the trap!” Shi Feng instructed.

Trap Disabler was a similar Lifestyle class to the Appraiser class. However, it was not a particularly popular class. The Assassin class possessed a talent bonus that allowed them to level Lifestyle classes like Locksmith and Trap Disabler far more easily.

With Shi Feng’s command, Fire Dance recovered her wits and activated God’s Blessing, upgrading her Trap Disabler class to the Master rank.

Immediately, Fire Dance began to disable the trap on the stone altar.

However, this trap would require a considerably long time to disable.

“Quick! We don’t have much time left!” Shi Feng’s anxiety grew when he saw only 30 seconds remaining.

If Fire Dance failed, the next time they logged into the game, the consequence would not be limited to some lost time.

Fire Dance also grew desperate. Her mind focused like never before as she frantically disabled the trap’s mechanisms, one after another.

There were only ten seconds remaining.

Five seconds!

Three seconds!

…

“It’s disabled!” Fire Dance finally disabled the trap with only two seconds remaining, and she could not help but sigh in relief at her success.

Following which, everyone’s vision faded to black as they were sent to their individual God’s Domain Offline Rest Spaces.