Chapter 1123 - Monsters’ Domain

Chapter 1123 – Monsters’ Domain

“You’ll take command?”

The Midnight Tea Party members shot Shi Feng scornful looks.

To ordinary players, a team commander’s role was not particularly important. Ordinary players wouldn’t have any choice in the matter if an expert like Shi Feng wanted to guide them.

However, they weren’t ordinary players.

Moreover, even the slightest mistake could result in death in the upcoming batter. If they died and lost the fight, they would’ve wasted several days of effort. If they were not absolutely confident in their commander, how could apex experts risk listening to him? Having only met him recently, Shi Feng was just a stranger.

They could let Shi Feng’s request for the Fallen Ark Map slide. However, if he thought that they would listen to his commands, he was simply dreaming!

Breeze Wine nodded in agreement with his teammates’ responses. He didn’t think that it would be suitable for Shi Feng to take command of the Midnight Tea Party, either. However, this was not because he looked down on Shi Feng’s abilities. Rather, for one to qualify as a commander, one needed to familiarize themselves with every player on the team. This included their various Basic Attributes, Skills, habits, and many other details. Only by knowing this information could one effectively lead and allow the everyone in the team to display their fullest potential.

Shi Feng knew nothing about the Midnight Tea Party members. Although it wouldn’t be a major issue if they were raiding a simple Dungeon or Boss monster, they intended to take on a Level 65 Grand Lord and four Level 63 Great Lords. Any mistakes would definitely result in casualties.

“It’s fine if you don’t want me in command. I’ll just tell you our raid strategy. When the time comes, work with us,” Shi Feng said, not minding the hostile looks he received. “Only, I will not be responsible for any casualties.”

Five Special Lifeforms working together was no laughing matter.

Based on Shi Feng’s understanding, every one of those five Special Lifeforms possessed their own ultimate moves. Alone, those ultimate moves might not be that powerful, but combined, their might increased exponentially. If those five Special Lifeforms cooperated with each other, they could annihilate a team of apex experts effortlessly. Players needed an accurate grasp on the timing of the Bosses’ Skills. Even a slight error could result in a team-wipe. Hence, he had asked to take command.

“That won’t be a problem,” Breeze Wine confidently replied. “If a team-wipe occurs due to a mistake on our side, we’ll compensate you correspondingly.”

The rest of the team members agreed with the arrangement as well. At the very least, this was far better than taking orders from a stranger.

Following which, Shi Feng began to assign tasks.

In reality, there was very little the Midnight Tea Party needed to do. As Breeze Wine had assumed, Shi Feng was not very familiar with the Midnight Tea Party’s members. Thus, he hadn’t assigned them any particularly important tasks. The adventurer team mainly had to supply nine magical classes to maintain the Nine-star Polar Domain Magic Array. Shi Feng told the other nine players to distract two of the Fallen Patrols. They did not even need to focus on damaging the Great Lords. As for Breeze Wine, he had to unlock the Ark, of course.

Zero Wing would deal with the Fallen Garrison Captain and the remaining two Fallen Patrols.

After Shi Feng finished assigning tasks, both teams began to inspect their weapons, equipment, potions, and scrolls.

“Later, while leader is maintaining the magic array, I’ll take over command. You guys better not embarrass our team,” Endless Scars said seriously as she glanced at her teammates.

“Endless, rest assured. You know our standards better than anyone else. When the time comes, even if their side is annihilated, we won’t have any issues,” the Ranger, Dark War, sneered as he shot a glare at Shi Feng’s team.

Facing two Level 63 Great Lords might be a problem for ordinary experts. To their adventurer team, however, it was simply a somewhat strenuous task. Moreover, they only had to serve as distractions. They were not even required to fight the two Bosses head-on.

On the other hand, Shi Feng’s side, which needed to confront a Grand Lord and two Great Lords directly, was the largest concern.

After everyone confirmed that there were no issues, Shi Feng signaled Breeze Wine with a wave of his hand, having the latter start the unlocking process.

Seeing this, Breeze Wine raised the orange crystal above his head and began to chant once more.

Following which, the canyon shook as five massive figures rose from the ground. They were none other than the Fallen Garrison Captain and the four Fallen Patrols.

“Activate the magic array!” Shi Feng hurriedly shouted.

Endless Scars gave the same command practically at the same time.

Suddenly, a massive, purple-gold magic array appeared and enveloped the five Boss monsters.

As an Intermediate Magic Array, the Nine-star Polar Domain could even suppress Mythic monsters. Naturally, the Garrison Captain and Patrols were no exception. Immediately, the five Bosses’ Attributes began to fall rapidly.

“How is this Intermediate Magic Array so powerful?!”

The Midnight Tea Party was momentarily stunned.

In the blink of an eye, the Fallen Garrison Captain’s HP fell from 120,000,000 to 96,000,000, whereas the Fallen Patrols’ HPs fell from 57,000,000 to 41,000,000. The magic array’s effects even stunned Endless Scars.

While they, the Midnight Tea Party, had seen Intermediate Magic Arrays before and had even collected a complete set themselves, that Intermediate Magic Array was only capable of reducing a Grand Lord’s Basic Attributes by 10%. Even then, it was already considerably powerful for an Intermediate Magic Array.

Yet, the Nine-star Polar Domain had weakened the Fallen Garrison Captain by 20% and the Fallen Patrols by 30%. This was simply inconceivable.

Of course, Shi Feng’s team didn’t even stop to notice the Midnight Tea Party members’ reactions.

“Go!”

Under Shi Feng’s command, Cola, Ye Wumian, and Turtledove charged at own targets.

As the lead MT, Cola would deal with the Grand Lord, while Turtledove and Ye Wumian would each tank the two Great Lords.

Special Lifeforms’ Life Rating was slightly higher than ordinary monsters, though they were undoubtedly inferior to Archaic Species. With their Attributes suppressed, Cola and the others should be able to handle them.

However, before Cola could reach the Fallen Garrison Captain, the latter swung its massive, ten-meter-long greatsword at the ground.

Boom!

A massive fissure ripped through the ground, extending straight towards Cola.

“Cola! Activate Protection Blessing!” Shi Feng shouted upon seeing the attack.

Cola activated Protection Blessing without hesitation. He then positioned his shield before his body and gripped it with both hands.

Peng!

Cola was thrown ten yards away on the spot. The Truth Shield and Protection on him shattered into oblivion. Meanwhile, Cola’s HP fell by over 25,000. The Troll Chieftain’s ultimate move paled tremendously in comparison to the Fallen Garrison Captain’s attack.

The fissure only stopped after 50 yards. The Garrison Captain’s attack range made everyone shudder.

Had Cola not activated Protection Blessing in time, he would be dead.

The Garrison Captain’s attack stunned every player in the battle. Unfortunately, this wasn’t the end. In the next moment, the four Fallen Patrols moved simultaneously, abruptly raising their battle axes and slamming them to the ground violently.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

The ground began to tremble. Golden jets began to spray from the ground in a 30-yard radius around the four Fallen Patrols. When the four Domains were superimposed over each other, it was practically impossible to avoid them. Meanwhile, any player that these jets struck would receive anywhere from -5,000 to -8,000 damage.

These golden jets appeared without any signs or fixed patterns. The overlapping Domains doubled the attacks’ density.

Although they tried their best to dodge the attacks, players occasionally slipped up and got hit, their HPs decreasing rapidly. One Level 41 from the Midnight Tea Party, unfortunately, got caught in two overlapping Domains. Without any time to respond, numerous jets struck the Berserker, and he died on the spot.