Chapter 1125 - Unexpected Evolution

Chapter 1125 – Unexpected Evolution

The instant the Magic Scroll activated, it seemed as if space had frozen as the Garrison Captain’s descending greatsword came to an abrupt halt. Immediately after, the space within the Nine-star Polar Domain began to change, a blood-red color coating the surrounding scenery.

“What’s going on? Why does my body feel so light?”

“Wait, our Basic Attributes have risen!”

“It’s true! My Basic Attributes have increased by 100%!”

“Guys, look! The Boss seems to have slowed to a crawl!”

…

As everyone looked at the Garrison Captain’s greatsword again, they found that they could see the weapon clearly; before, they had only seen afterimages.

As the greatsword descended, the earth shattered. Over 30-meter-long fissures broke through the ground.

However, the Garrison Captain had only hit the afterimage Shi Feng had left behind. The Swordsman himself had long since moved ten yards away.

So fast! When did he start moving? Endless Scars was flabbergasted.

Unlike the rest of the players, she had focused on Shi Feng. However, during the brief moment when she glanced at the Garrison Captain’s greatsword, which had suddenly and significantly slowed, Shi Feng had moved ten yards away. She found the matter unbelievable.

“Look! Those Patrols have slowed down as well! Even the golden jets are slower!”

“With this speed, even I can dodge them easily.”

The players finally noticed that Fallen Garrison Captain hadn’t been the only one whose speed had been affected. The Fallen Patrols in the four corners had also suffered a speed reduction. Even their Domain Skills were affected. Zero Wing’s members and the Midnight Tea Party could now dodge the golden jets easily.

“Just who is he?”

The Midnight Tea Party members couldn’t help but glance at Shi Feng. They usually boasted their vast understand of God’s Domain. However, even with their bountiful knowledge and experiences, they had never encountered a situation like this. Without a doubt, this phenomenon had something to do with Shi Feng’s blood-red Magic Scroll. There was no other way to explain it.

Now that everyone’s Basic Attributes had been boosted while the five Bosses’ reaction speeds and Attack Speeds had decreased, the Midnight Tea Party’s members, who had previously begun to despair, brimmed with hope.

Currently, the five Bosses had only landed one out of three or four attacks against their respective MTs. However, due to the significant Attribute increase, the Bosses’ damage had decreased. Take the Fallen Garrison Captain Cola tanked for example. Originally, Cola withstood over -20,000 damage from the Grand Lord’s normal attacks. Now, however, the Grand Lord’s normal attacks only dealt around -13,000 to the Guardian Knight. In addition, due to Cola having activated Power of Darkness, his HP had risen to more than 56,000. Including Disillusioned Space’s effects, his HP had risen to more than 112,000. He was practically a humanoid monster at this point.

Right now, Cola wouldn’t even have issues tanking three Fallen Garrison Captains, much less one. As for Cola’s damage, due to the Strength bonus from Justice Roar, just his normal attacks dealt nearly -10,000 damage, while his Skills dealt close to -30,000 damage.

Meanwhile, Violet Cloud, who stood among the healers at the rear, had similarly grown more powerful. Every one of her heals restored over 10,000 HP to Cola. If she double-cast her Spells, she could heal over 20,000 HP every time. If she were lucky and triggered a double-critical, she could instantly heal over 40,000 HP. Not only was Violet Cloud capable of keeping Cola alive by herself, but she could also handle healing Turtledove and Ye Wumian.

“Guild Leader, what kind of Magic Scroll did you use?! I feel like we can even deal with a Mythic monster right now!” Cola exclaimed through the team chat.

The rest of the team nodded in agreement.

Aside from their frightening damage, the most troublesome aspect about Boss monsters were their Attack Speeds and reaction speeds. Now that the Fallen Garrison Captain had been suppressed in all three aspects, it was only as difficult as a High Lord; it only dealt slightly more damage. However, their increased Attributes made up for that, further decreasing the raid’s difficulty. Right now, they felt like they were simply fighting a powerful Lord.

“Alright, enough idling around. Use your Berserk Skills and throw everything you’ve got. We only have 15 minutes until this space disappears!” Shi Feng felt a sting in his chest.

Lancelot had only dropped two Tier 4 Magic Scrolls.

He had just used the more precious of the two, the Tier 4 Super Spell Disillusioned Space. Unlike Tier 4 Curses, Super Spells had been created during ancient times. They were ridiculously powerful, capable of transforming the environment. They were many times more powerful and mystical than the Spells of the current era. Even the current NPCs in God’s Domain couldn’t analyze these Spells. Thus, they were called Super Spells.

After activating Disillusioned Space, it would transform the area within 200 yards of the caster into a custom world. All enemies within this world would be suppressed, decreasing their Movement Speed, Attack Speed, and reaction speed by two-thirds of their totals. At the same time, this world would also enhance the caster and his allies, decreasing the Bosses’ difficulty by one tier.

Take the Fallen Garrison Captain for example. It had originally been a Tier 3, Upper-rank existence. Now that its raid difficulty had reduced, it was only as strong as a Tier 2, Upper-rank. Unfortunately, Disillusioned Space’s duration was considerably short. Even so, in the past, everyone had called it the rarest Magic Scroll in God’s Domain, second to none.

In the past, a Tier 4 Super Magic Scroll had been worth at least three Epic items. If a team of Tier 2 players used the scroll, they could even kill Tier 4 Mythic monsters.

However, Shi Feng couldn’t care less right now. The Garrison Captain and Patrols were far stronger than he had imagined. If he hadn’t used the Magic Scroll, they would have undoubtedly team-wiped. Moreover, trading a Tier 4 Super Magic Scroll for a map to the Fallen Ark was a sure-profit transaction.

…

Upon hearing Shi Feng’s warning, everyone promptly began to activate their Berserk Skills.

Although the Fallen Garrison Captain and Fallen Patrols still possessed very high HPs, their reduced speed made them living targets. After activating their Berserk Skills, everyone easily dealt over -10,000 damage with their attacks, while Fire Dance and Gentle Snow could deal over -20,000 damage.

Shi Feng didn’t hold back either as he activated Power of Darkness. He then used Silent Steps and appeared behind the Garrison Captain before activating Phantom Kill. Both he and his doppelganger activated Flame Burst simultaneously.

Miniature suns appeared on both Shi Feng’s and his doppelganger’s swords. Every strike they landed on the Garrison Captain dealt over -60,000 damage, while critical hits dealt over -130,000 damage.

By the time Shi Feng and his doppelganger dropped to the ground, both had landed a total of thirty consecutive attacks. The Fallen Garrison Captain lost over two million HP on the spot. The damages that appeared above the Grand Lord’s head stupefied everyone. With such high damage, Shi Feng could instantly kill a Chieftain of the same level.

Time passed quickly. Under the players’ crazed bombardment, it took roughly six minutes for the Garrison Captain’s 96,000,000 HP to hit zero.

Boom!

When the Fallen Garrison Captain collapsed, although it did not drop any loot, Gentle Snow, Alluring Summer, and the other members of Zero Wing rose from Level 42 to Level 43. The abundant EXP exceeded everyone’s expectations. The Midnight Tea Party’s members also leveled up from 41 to Level 42.

However, no one stopped to celebrate as they still had to deal with four Fallen Patrols. They had less than ten minutes left before Disillusioned Space’s duration ran out. If they could not kill these Bosses within this period, it would be much harder to do so afterward.

Moreover, Shi Feng had already told everyone that Special Lifeforms were immortal existences. Until they opened the Fallen Ark’s entrance, these Special Lifeforms would continue to resurrect. Moreover, Special Lifeforms generally revived in around ten minutes. They couldn’t afford to waste any time.

However, the Fallen Patrols were much easier to deal with than the Fallen Garrison Captain. Even without their Berserk Skills, the two teams could deal a lot of damage to these Bosses. In addition, they still had the support of the Midnight Tea Party’s two Tier 3 summoned creatures.

Finally, fourteen minutes since Disillusioned Space had been activated, the four Fallen Patrols collapsed, transforming into piles of rubble and gifting a large amount of EXP. The Midnight Tea Party members even leveled up once more, reaching Level 43. This leveling speed astonished these players. They had actually gained nearly two full levels’ EXP in just fifteen minutes…

Zero Wing’s members were already high-leveled. Although they had also obtained plenty of EXP, it was not enough to reach the next level. However, the abundant EXP had helped Shi Feng reach 82% of Level 47. If he grinded Trolls, he could reach Level 48 in only half a day.

As the Guardian Bosses died, the canyon began to tremble violently.

Suddenly, the canyon’s center collapsed. A towering, aqua-blue temple then emerged from the ground.

At the same time, the familiar sound of a system notification reached everyone’s ears.

God’s Domain System Announcement: Players have successfully activated a new expansion pack in God’s Domain. The System will undergo an upgrade. All players, please prepare to log out of the game.