Chapter 1124 - Tier 4 Super Spell

Chapter 1124 – Tier 4 Super Spell

“Everyone, avoid the overlapping Domains!”

“What kind of Skill is that?! Why is it still going on even after so long?!”

…

The battle had just begun, yet one person had already died. Both Shi Feng’s team and the Midnight Tea Party grew anxious.

Everyone had seen how the Berserker had died.

The golden jets appeared suddenly and silently. Moreover, the attacks could not be blocked, only dodged. Even if they were only near one Domain, they would have to dodge three to five jets. Near two overlapping Domains, one would face seven to ten attacks simultaneously. The Berserker’s paths of retreat had been cut off. In the end, he had died before the team’s healers could help him.

The Midnight Tea Party members no longer wore their previous complacent expressions.

“Lure the Patrols to four corners! Do not let them near the Garrison Captain!” Shi Feng commanded.

Shi Feng was not particularly familiar with the guardian Bosses’ Skills. After all, he had only learned about the Fallen Ark after it had been activated in the past. He did not even know who had activated the Ark.

All he knew was that these Special Lifeforms had their own ultimate moves and that those ultimate moves would become exponentially stronger when combined. However, he hadn’t expected these ultimate moves to be Domain Skills.

Among the various Skills in God’s Domain, those that posed the greatest danger were none other than large-scale destruction Spells and Domain Skills. Attacks from large-scale destruction Spells usually only lasted one or several waves. If players could endure the Spell’s duration, they would live. However, Domain Skills could stay in effect much longer. Domain Skill would gradually whittle players down until they died.

Endless Scars now realized how severe the situation was. Immediately, she took a Tier 3 Summoning Scroll from her bag and shouted through the team chat, “Wave, use your Summoning Scroll with mine! We’ll use them to lure away the Patrols! Melee players, stay away from the Bosses! Use only ranged attacks!”

After all was said and done, the Midnight Tea Party’s members were still experts. Very quickly, they began to move. The team’s melee players promptly distanced themselves from the Fallen Patrols’ Domains. Meanwhile, Endless Scars and Netherworld Wave each summoned a Tier 3 creature and instructed them to pounce on the Fallen Patrols.

Both Endless Scars and Netherworld Wave were incredibly proficient with controlling their summoned creatures. Although they couldn’t dodge all of the golden jets, they could dodge the majority of them. With relative ease, the summoned creatures arrived before the Fallen Patrols and swiped their claws at the enemies.

Peng!

When the Tier 3 summoned creatures’ claws struck the stationery Fallen Patrols, the clang of metal rang out. The summoned creatures’ claws had only scratched the Patrols’ armor. They did not even manage to push the Patrols back despite both being at the Great Lord rank. The Fallen Patrols had only lost around 4,000 HP from the attacks…

“Why are their Defenses so high?!”

“Even a Grand Lord doesn’t have this much Defense!”

When the Midnight Tea Party’s members saw the damage the Tier 3, Level 60 summoned creatures had dealt with their normal attacks, their expressions grew gloomy.

When they had used Tier 3 summoned creatures to fight Tier 3 Great Lords in the past, the former’s normal attacks usually dealt twenty to thirty thousand damage. Even against Grand Lords, their attacks dealt nearly -8,000 points, yet against these Bosses, their summoned creatures had only dealt around -4,000 damage.

The Fallen Patrols’ Defense was ridiculous.

If even a Tier 3 summoned creature dealt so little damage, then players like themselves would deal, at most, -1,500 damage to the Fallen Patrols.

Meanwhile, the Fallen Patrols each had 41,000,000 HP. With their battle recovery, they could regenerate over 410,000 HP every five seconds. In other words, they would recover 82,000 HP every second.

If their damage couldn’t exceed 82,000 every second, then the Fallen Patrols were invincible against them.

“Big Sis Endless, how are we supposed to fight these things?” Cloud Yarn asked anxiously. She could not help but turn to the Grand Lord Shi Feng’s team fought.

If the Fallen Patrols were already so difficult to deal with, wouldn’t the Fallen Garrison Captain be even more overbearing?

“Forget about that for now! Lure the Bosses away!” Endless Scars ordered, shaking her head as she also glanced at Shi Feng’s team.

The five Guardian Bosses were far more powerful than she had thought. Initially, she had believed that the Midnight Tea Party could deal with these monsters after they reached Tier 2, Level 55. Now, however, it would seem that even after reaching that level, they had less than a 40% chance of beating these monsters.

After the Midnight Tea Party lured two of the Fallen Patrols away, Turtledove and Ye Wumian activated their Lifesaving Skills and began to lure their Patrols away from the Fallen Garrison Captain.

Once the four Patrols were in four separate corners, Cola, who stood in the middle, had a much easier time dealing with the Garrison Captain. However, even after activating Protection Blessing, he still took over -10,000 damage from one of the Grand Lord’s normal attacks. Without Protection Blessing, a single attack would devour over 20,000 of Cola’s HP….

Cola couldn’t imagine standing against the Garrison Captain without the Nine-star Polar Domain.

Moreover, when everyone’s attacks struck the Garrison Captain, every one of them dealt less than -1,000 damage. Only Fire Dance and Gentle Snow’s normal attacks could deal over -1,500 damage to the Grand Lord, while their Skills dealt up to -5,000 damage. However, to the Garrison Captain, which had 96,000,000 HP, that damage was negligible.

“Guild Leader, we won’t even scratch its HP at this rate. Sooner or later, it will wear us down. Why don’t we retreat and have the Guild’s main force meet us here?” Gentle Snow advised through the team chat.

Facing a Great Lord with a 20-man team was already pushing their luck, not to mention a Grand Lord that was twenty levels above them. If not for their excellent weapons and equipment and their exceptionally high combat standards, they would have team-wiped with the first wave of attacks.

“No need. Cola, keep hold of the Boss! Three seconds is long enough!”

The current situation didn’t surprise Shi Feng overmuch. He was fully aware of how powerful Special Lifeforms functioned. They were only inferior to Archaic Species. Knowing this, he had prepared a method to deal with them.

In the next moment, Shi Feng took a blood-red Magic Scroll from his bag. The instant the Magic Scroll appeared, a powerful Mana fluctuation occurred within the Nine-star Polar Domain.

Everyone’s gazes instantly shifted to Shi Feng.

“What is that Magic Scroll?” Endless Scars muttered, shocked, when she noticed the rampant Mana inside the barrier.

This Magic Scroll was one of the two Tier 4 Magic Scrolls Shi Feng had obtained from killing the Awakened NPC, Lancelot.

Meanwhile, the Garrison Captain noticed the Mana fluctuations immediately, the Grand Lord’s eyes similarly shifting towards the blood-red scroll in Shi Feng’s hands. It shifted to attack the Swordsman.

“Don’t even think about getting away from me that easily!”

Cola raised his shield and slammed it into the Garrison Captain’s foot. He then activated the Tier 1 Skill Justice Roar, his body releasing a dazzling golden glow. He instantly regained the Boss’s attention and aggro. At the same time, his Strength would double if the Boss didn’t attack him.

However, even after Cola activated Justice Roar, the Garrison Captain was still focused on Shi Feng.

“Guild Leader, what did you just take out?!” Cola could not help his surprise.

With no other choice, Cola activated Power of Darkness, his Attributes soaring once more. He then executed the Tier 1 Skill, Righteous Punishment.

Boom!

With a single strike, he forced the Garrison Captain’s right foot back, causing over -10,000 damage to appear above the Grand Lord’s head. The attack had nearly forced the Garrison Captain to kneel.

Yet, the Fallen Garrison Captain did not return its attention to Cola. Rather, it advanced on Shi Feng, one step after another.

Seeing this, Cola continued to execute several powerful moves, every one dealing over -10,000 damage, yet the result did not change.

“Guild Leader, this monster has gone nuts!” Cola was dumbfounded.

As the Garrison Captain arrived before Shi Feng, before it slashed its greatsword down on Shi Feng, Shi Feng finally finished chanting the Magic Scroll’s incantation.

“Disillusionment!”

Shi Feng’s eyes flew open. Two extremely complex and refined, blood-red magic arrays then emerged from his eyes. The other players were astonished.

Tier 4 Super Spell, Disillusioned Space!