Chapter 1128 - Difference Between Mythic Monsters

Chapter 1128 – Difference Between Mythic Monsters

As Shi Feng stopped to look at the War Armory, Minor Wind noticed red dots appear on his system map and reported, “Guild Leader, distant Patrols are approaching our location. If we don’t move now, I’m afraid that we’ll be discovered.”

After Zero Wing’s team had entered the Fallen Ark, Minor Wind had activated his Scouting Skill as he kept a lookout for any movement in their area. Although his Scouting’s search area was reduced inside the Ark, he could sense for enemies within a 300-yard radius. That was enough for the team to respond before enemies reached them.

“How many?” Shi Feng asked.

“Two. Moreover, they’re moving relatively quickly. They’ll reach our location in 15 seconds at most,” Minor Wind reported.

Fifteen seconds? We’ll be cutting it quite close…

Shi Feng frowned. Based on his estimates, even an Assassin with their Locksmith class at Master rank would need roughly twenty seconds to open a room like the War Armory. Unfortunately, their team didn’t have a Master Locksmith.

He also fully believed Minor Wind’s estimate.

A qualified Ranger was not just a ranged damage dealer. Ranger’s constant awareness of their surroundings and their judgment of various situations were their most important aspects. Although Minor Wind’s combat standards were slightly lower than Zero Wing’s other core members, his observation skills and judgment were top-notch.

“Guild Leader, we don’t have much time left,” Gentle Snow urged as they had less than eight seconds to prepare. Based on their location on the map, they were only two-thirds of the way to the Fallen Ark’s inner region.

If they couldn’t reach the inner region before the system update began, when they logged back into the game, reaching that area would be far more difficult. They also needed to select a treasury and deal with the traps inside.

Shi Feng hesitated.

In the past, the Fallen Ark had been a famous treasure trove in God’s Domain. However, as the inner region’s traps were extremely dangerous, very few players were capable of obtaining any treasures whatsoever. This situation had also resulted in the various large Guilds in giving up on the Ark.

However, Shi Feng never thought that he would actually come across an Armory in the outer region.

An Armory might not mean much to an ordinary player, but to a Guild, some of the more advanced weapons of war were even more valuable than Fragmented Legendary items.

“Forget it. We’re giving up on the inner region. Let’s take this Armory for now.” After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng settled for the Armory. Right now, Zero Wing still lacked overall strength. It likely did not even have the power to defend a single city.

However, if they could find a few advanced weapons of war here, they might make up for Zero Wing’s lack of combat power.

As long as they could construct and defend a city properly, the city’s value would easily exceed that of two or three Fragmented Legendary items.

“Cola, you and Turtledove will tank the Patrols. Don’t let them near us. Everyone else, look for any nearby traps. Fire Dance, you’ll be responsible for unlocking the door,” Shi Feng hurriedly commanded.

“Understood!”

Hearing this, everyone exploded into action.

The two Fallen Patrols were similar to those they had encountered at the entrance. They were both Level 63 Great Lords with 57,000,000 HP. However, Cola and Turtledove had long since familiarized themselves with the Patrol’s attack patterns. Even without the Nine-star Polar Domain, they were capable of dealing with the Great Lords.

At the same time, Fire Dance began to unlock the door to the Armory.

As one of the Fallen Ark’s secret rooms, the time it took to unlock the Armory was secondary. The crucial issue was that the extremely complex unlocking method. One would have to start the process all over again if they made a single mistake. Only after removing the various locks could one finally open the secret room.

Time passed quickly. After one minute, Fire Dance was only halfway through the door’s locks.

“Guild Leader, two more Patrols are approaching!” Minor Wind announced anxiously.

If there were only three Fallen Patrols, their team could, more or less, manage. Four, however, would be a problem. As for trying to kill the Patrols, that would be considerably foolish. Special Lifeforms were immortal existences. Even after expending a lot of time and effort, the most they would get out of the endeavor was some EXP. After ten minutes, the Fallen Patrols would be back on their feet and ready to fight once again. Moreover, with each resurrection, the Fallen Patrols would become stronger. Only a lunatic would try to kill them.

“Wumian, you’ll come with me! Once Fire finishes unlocking the door, rush into the room the room! Remember; do not touch anything inside!” Shi Feng commanded. He then dashed towards the two new Fallen Patrols with Ye Wumian.

Shi Feng wouldn’t try to take on one of the Fallen Patrols directly. Instead, he activated Aura of Earth while deflecting the Patrol’s attacks. This way, not only could he reduce the damage he received, but he could also alleviate the burden on the team’s healers.

However, as time passed, a loud roar echoed from a distant corridor. The angry roar reverberated through the spacious corridor.

Already?!

Shi Feng’s expression darkened.

The abyssal monsters had awakened far sooner than he had anticipated.

If these monsters discovered his teams, none of them would get out of here alive.

…

Shi Feng’s team wasn’t the only one who had heard the roar. The Midnight Tea Party’s members, who waited outside the Fallen Ark quietly, heard the deafening roar as well.

“Black Flame really didn’t lie.” Breeze Wine could not help but inwardly celebrate when he heard this roar. “The fact that this roar is so deep and can reach all the way out here means that this monster should be Mythic rank at the very least.”

Fortunately, they had made the trade with Shi Feng. Otherwise, even if they had activated the Fallen Ark by themselves after obtaining their Tier 2 classes, they’d have no way of completing their quest.

The difference between Mythic monsters’ strength and Grand Lords’ was simply too massive. Even if their entire team reached Tier 2, it wasn’t likely that they could defeat a Mythic monster of the same level, much less a Mythic monster of a higher level.

The other team members nodded in agreement. Despite Dark War and several other people’s opinions about Shi Feng, they had to admit that Shi Feng had helped them enormously.

…

Meanwhile, before the Fallen Ark’s Armory, Fire Dance finally unlocked the door to the secret room.

“Guild Leader, the door’s open!”

“Good! You guys go in first! Cola, start slowly moving towards Armory!”

Opening the tightly-shut door was undoubtedly good news to Shi Feng. Immediately, he had everyone retreat towards the Armory.

As Shi Feng and the others reached the Armory’s entrance, Shi Feng, Cola, and the other MTs felt their bodies become heavy. It was as if they had been submerged in mud; it was extremely difficult to move.

“Not good! Those monsters have arrived! Get inside, quickly!”

Shi Feng panicked. Immediately, he activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power and recovered his ability to move. He then took an aqua-blue Magic Scroll from his bag. This Magic Scroll was none other than his sole remaining Tier 4 Magic Scroll.

The area they were in was not particularly large, but he understood how powerful those monsters were. Any players the abyssal monsters killed would not get off with just a lost level. If that were the case, players in the past wouldn’t have given up on the Fallen Ark’s treasures that easily. Rather, those abyssal monsters would extract the Immortal Souls from the players they killed. Not only would players lose two or three levels, but they also wouldn’t be able to log into the game for over ten days.

“Humans? Those souls…heaven-blessed individuals? Wonderful! It’s been so long since I’ve tasted an Immortal Soul!”

As Cola and the others rushed into the Armory, a cold voice reached their ears, making them shudder with fear. Suddenly, as if the Fallen Patrols had been struck, the team watched the Great Lords fly into the corridor’s walls, their powerful metallic bodies flattening like a specimen under a microscope.

Aside from Shi Feng, none of the players could move.

“Why is such a powerful monster her?!”

The abyssal monster’s might far exceeded Gentle Snow and the rest of the team’s expectations.

Before the monster had even shown itself, it had already flattened the four Fallen Patrols into pancakes. They had become fish on a cutting board.