Chapter 1121 - Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest

Chapter 1121 – Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest

As Endless Scars slowly walked up to Shi Feng, she sized up the man carefully. Although she couldn’t see Shi Feng’s appearance due to the Black Cloak, curiosity filled her eyes.

Shi Feng similarly observed Endless Scars, one of God’s Domain’s legendary figures in the past.

The woman had clear, bright eyes, curved eyebrows, and thick eyelashes. A hint of pink colored her pristine, white jade skin. Her thin, soft lips were as mesmerizing as a ruby. As she revealed a hint of a smile, she could captivate any player. Shi Feng had to admit that even Gentle Snow, who everyone called a Goddess, fell short compared to Endless Scars.

“Guild Leader, that beauty seems interested in you,” Blackie said, snickering softly.

Instead of responding, Shi Feng rolled his eyes.

Although others might strive for a beauty like Endless Scars’ attention, Shi Feng knew how costly it was.

He knew all too well what kind of person Endless Scars was.

Although she wore an interested expression, looking like a little girl who had just found a new toy, her thoughts were as pure as everyone assumed. It was no different than her attitude towards Breeze Wine.

“If Miss Endless wants to ask why we changed our plans so abruptly, I believe you have already figured that out after seeing those five Special Lifeforms. It’s not that we want to back out of our transaction; we’re just powerless to help. If Miss Endless doesn’t have any other matters to discuss, we will take our leave.” Shi Feng took the initiative to bid the woman farewell.

Although he did not know what lay inside the Fallen Ark that could tempt the Midnight Tea Party, he no longer wanted to associate with the adventurer team.

“Please, wait. I wish to represent the Midnight Tea Party in thanking you. If not for your command to flee, we would be dead by now. Here are 1,000 Magic Crystals. Take them as a thank you gift, and let’s part as friends,” Endless Scars said. She then retrieved a gray gemstone bag and handed it to Shi Feng.

Every Midnight Tea Party member was stunned.

What was going on here?

Not only hadn’t Endless Scars questioned Shi Feng’s intentions, but she also gave him 1,000 Magic Crystals as a sign of gratitude. She was insane!

“This beautiful big sister is simply too rich!” When Violet Cloud saw the cloth bag of 1,000 Magic Crystals, even she wanted to volunteer to become Endless Scars’s little sister.

Even large Guilds would hesitate before giving away 1,000 Magic Crystals, yet Endless Scars did so without blinking.

Although Shi Feng wanted to say something, Endless Scars quickly followed up by saying softly, “Although our transaction has failed, I’d like to conduct another trade. We’ll enter the Fallen Ark together and split the items thirty-seventy. How about it?”

Endless Scars’s offer shocked every player present.

“Miss Endless, you saw the monsters guarding the entrance. At this stage of the game, we have no chance against them.” Shi Feng could not understand what was going through Endless Scars’s mind. Those five Special Lifeforms were no laughing matter. Even he was not confident in taking them down.

Special Lifeforms were extremely rare in God’s Domain. They were weapons the Gods had specifically crafted for war. Like puppets, they possessed eternal life. They also had the power of immortality.

Even if players killed them, they would resurrect. Moreover, they would revive slightly stronger than before. Generally, it only took these Special Lifeforms ten minutes to resurrect, with some of the more powerful monsters taking up to an hour or so. In addition, these monsters did not drop any loot. Hence, players usually kept their distance. One had to admit that these Special Lifeforms were excellent guardians.

“What if I tell you that there’s an Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest inside?” Endless Scars asked when she saw Shi Feng’s lack of interest. Smiling faintly, she continued, “Based on what I’ve uncovered, there should be more than one Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest inside. In addition, there are plenty of Epic Treasure Chests. My map can lead us to these Treasure Chests and allow us to bypass the traps. Are you sure you’re not interested?”

The Fallen Ark had been one of the final weapons in the Great Ancient War. The items inside had been left behind by the Gods before they had died. NPCs would consider even the most ordinary item a treasure, let alone players.

“You have a map?” Shi Feng stared at Endless Scars, flabbergasted.

He would be lying if he said he wasn’t interested in the Fallen Ark.

However, obtaining these treasures wasn’t that easy. To current players, triggering any of the traps inside would result in death. Hence, even after clearing out the monsters in the Fallen Ark, very few players had been willing to explore it in the past.

In fact, after the abyssal monsters had been cleared out, a large number of players and Guilds had rushed into the Fallen Ark. In the end, however, only a few had escaped with their lives. Practically 99.9% of the players that entered the Ark had died in the outer region. Even if one managed to reach the Ark’s inner region, they would have to deal with even more powerful traps. As a result, very few were capable of leaving the Ark with any of its treasures. Players had come to both love and despise the Fallen Ark.

However, it would be a different story if they had a map.

Aside from the awakened abyssal monsters and a few Special Lifeforms, the Fallen Ark was void of life. The traps would be their main problem after entering the Ark. A map of the Ark’s various traps was the equivalent of a free pass to its treasures. As long as they were careful to avoid the abyssal monsters and Special Lifeforms, they could obtain the Ark’s treasures unhindered.

Shi Feng finally understood Breeze Wine and Endless Scars’s attraction to the Fallen Ark and why they’d be willing to spend 4,000 Magic Crystals to hire his team for an hour.

“That’s right. If you don’t believe me, take a look. Although it is only a fragment, can lead us to the Fallen Ark’s inner region,” Endless Scars said. She then took out a broken map with only two-fifths of the original and showed it to Shi Feng. The item’s name was Fallen Ark Map. However, if Shi Feng wished to look at it in detail, he needed the owner’s permission.

“I can help you get inside. However, I have a condition.” After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng eventually chose to take the risk.

In the past, even the most inferior item players secured from the Fallen Ark’s inner area was an Epic item. If one were lucky, they could even obtain a Fragmented Legendary item.

A Fragmented Legendary item!

With one such item, a player’s combat power would skyrocket. If he could obtain one, the item would greatly enhance his chances of success both in the Dark Arena and in the contest for Thunder Island.

As for the abyssal monsters that would be released, they would mostly roam the Crying Ghost Ridge’s inner regions. His team could still grind Trolls in the outer region. The only drawback was a slightly lower drop-rate for Green Ebony.

Endless Scars had only wanted to test Shi Feng with her offer. However, upon hearing Shi Feng’s confident reply, a small glimmer of hope shown in her flawless eyes.

“As long as your conditions aren’t too outrageous, I can agree to them on behalf of our team leader,” Endless Scars straightforwardly replied, smiling faintly. It was as if she had long since guessed Shi Feng’s thoughts.

Pointing at the map in Endless Scars’s hand, Shi Feng said in a non-negotiable tone, “Give me a copy of the Fallen Ark Map. Once we’re inside, we’ll go our separate ways and agree to a non-aggression pact. What we each walk away with will depend on our abilities.”