Chapter 1139 - Race Against Time

Chapter 1139 – Race against Time

At the outer area of the Fallen Ark, the members of the Midnight Tea Party moved with extreme caution.

This was because shortly after their entry, they very nearly got team-wiped due to triggering a trap.

Nobody could’ve imagined that the latest system update would include penalties for failing to disable a trap. With Netherworld Wave’s Advanced Trap Disabler class, it was simply impossible for him to succeed in disabling Advanced Traps all the time. As a result, the team had no choice but to exercise extreme caution while advancing.

“If I had known something like this would happen, I would’ve had us enter the Ark before the system update began.” Breeze Wine now felt that he had made the wrong decision before.

There were still many Fallen Patrols roaming about the outer area of the Ark. With their slow progress, it was very easy for them to come across those Patrols. If they really got caught by a Patrol, they would have no choice but to withdraw immediately. Right now, whether they could even reach the Ark’s inner area was still in doubt.

Had they utilized the twenty minutes logout preparation time, they might’ve already reached the inner area by now.

“Leader, you didn’t make the wrong decision. If we entered the Ark before the update began, we would’ve risked encountering those dangerous abyssal monsters. Our situation at that time wouldn’t be much better than right now. Moreover, now that we’ve grasped the method to lure those abyssal monsters away, should we really fail to complete our quest this time, we can simply come back once everyone has reached Level 50 and obtained their Tier 2 classes. At that time, even if we come across the Fallen Patrols, we can still quickly finish them off or fight them as we advance deeper into the Ark,” Endless Scars said after noticing Breeze Wine beating himself up. “Let’s use this chance to scout out a path in advance.”

Likewise, everyone else on the team expressed their agreement when they heard Endless Scars’s words.

Although their quest had a time limit, they still had enough time to make appropriate preparations.

Just as everyone was merrily chatting with each other, Endless Scars suddenly received a message.

Seeing this message, Endless Scars smiled faintly.

“Big Sis Endless, did something good happen?” Cloud Yarn could not help but ask curiously when she saw Endless Scars suddenly sporting a playful smile.

“You could say that. Any of you interested in watching a competition at the Dark Arena? I’ve just received an invitation card, and I can bring five people with me,” Endless Scars said, chuckling.

“The Dark Arena?”

Everyone lost interest when they heard this.

Although those participating in the Dark Arena were much stronger than ordinary experts, to experts of their standards, the fights at the Dark Arena possessed no reference value whatsoever.

“Are you all really not interested in going? I heard that the Dark Arena is even prepared to hold a grand auction this time, which apparently will include even Epic items,” Endless Scars said, somewhat disappointed when she noticed the disinterest on everyone’s faces. “Moreover, the battle teams that will be fighting are very interesting. Among them, Zero Wing will be facing off with the Miracle Guild. I heard that Miracle has dispatched quite a few powerful experts this time.”

“Epic items? Zero Wing against Miracle?”

“Big Sis Endless, I want to go!”

“Hold it! I’ve never been to the Dark Arena even once before! Let me go this time!”

When everyone heard Endless Scars’s words, they immediately grew interested.

Setting aside how tempting Epic items were, just the fact that Zero Wing was going up against the Miracle Guild already gave them plenty of reason to go spectate at the Dark Arena. Although Miracle was only a super-first-rate Guild, the number and quality of experts it possessed were by no means inferior to Super Guilds’.

If Miracle dispatched its apex experts to the Dark Arena, then the upcoming match would definitely be an interesting one.

…

Elsewhere, after Shi Feng was done reading through the Fossilized Tyrannosaurus’s introduction, he fell into deep thought.

“So these are the methods to raid them?”

No matter how he looked at it, the two Archaic Species were invincible existences at this stage of the game. If the two worked together, even a 100-man team of Level 60, Tier 2 experts would fall very quickly.

However, since the Main God System had set the difficulty of this raid as such, it would naturally provide players with some kind of hope to complete the raid.

Although Shi Feng did not know how effective these two methods would be in weakening the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, it would be a criminal waste if he simply gave up on the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest without even giving it a try.

Following which, Shi Feng had everyone begin making preparations to raid the two monsters.

“Guild Leader, are we really going to raid these two Archaic Species?” Aqua Rose asked worriedly as she looked at the two giant statues in the center of the Forging Hall.

Previously, when they went up against the King of Corrosion, they had had a team of 100 players and even the assistance of an ancient magic array. Right now, not only did they not possess such a magic array, but their team also had only 20 members in all. To make things worse, they had to go up against two Archaic Species at the same time. No matter how she looked at it, they were simply trying to get themselves killed.

The outcome would be the same even if they managed to grasp the weak points of the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses.

“I know what you’re worried about. Before we learned of their weak points, I indeed had no idea how we could get the Treasure Chest. Now, however, things are different. I have around a 30% certainty that we can get that Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest,” Shi Feng laughed.

“Thirty percent? So high?” Aqua Rose was quite surprised by Shi Feng’s response.

She had estimated that they had less than a 5% chance of successfully obtaining the Treasure Chest. But Shi Feng was now saying he was roughly 30% sure he could pull it off. If he really did have such a high probability of success, it was indeed worthwhile to make an attempt.

Currently, Super Guilds were willing to sacrifice thousands of elite members just to obtain one Epic item, let alone a Fragmented Legendary item. If the existence of this Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest were made known to Super Guilds, most likely, they would be more than willing to sacrifice tens of thousands of elite players as well as hundreds of experts.

“Around that percentage. However, our main problem would still be the trap set up around the Treasure Chest. If it is a Grandmaster Trap, we’ll most likely have no chance of getting the Treasure Chest. Only if it is a Master Trap will we have a 30% chance of succeeding.” Shi Feng shrugged, expressing that he was taking a gamble right now.

In the past, it was a common sight for the various large Guilds to send out tens of thousands of elite players just to contest for one Fragmented Legendary item. After all, with one Fragmented Legendary item, a Guild could nurture one more apex expert. This way, not only would a Guild get another expert to lead it, but they would also have a much easier time defending the transportation of important cargo or locations in the future.

Following which, everyone began taking action according to Shi Feng’s commands.

To take advantage of the Fossilized Tyrannosaurus’s first weak point, Shi Feng armed everyone—with the exclusion of the team’s MTs and healers—with Tier 1 and Tier 2 water-type Magic Scrolls. As soon as the battle began, they would close the doors to the Forging Hall, turning it into an enclosed space. After that was done, they could easily create an environment filled with water.

As for the Archaic Species’ second weak point, Shi Feng possessed the Omniscient Eyes. He should have no problems targeting the power cores.

Everything else would have to depend on luck.

When Fire Dance returned to the Forging Room, Shi Feng had his team shut the doors to the Forging Room.

“Begin!”

At Shi Feng’s command, everyone sprang into action, unfurling their Magic Scrolls one after another and launching a barrage of water-type Spells at the two statues.

In the blink of an eye, a lake formed within the Forging Hall, the height of the water easily surpassing that of a player. At the same time, everyone also activated a Water Walking Scroll.

The Water Walking Scroll was a commonly used Magic Scroll in God’s Domain. As its name suggested, it allowed players to walk on water for ten minutes. Each scroll sold for 20 Silver Coins, and it could be said to be one of the tools specialized for maritime combat.

As the water-type Spells struck the bodies of the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, both monsters immediately awoke.

“Roar!”

The Fossilized Tyrannosauruses let loose deafening roars, shaking up the Forging Hall. Meanwhile, the powerful aura that abruptly filled the entire hall struck fear into everyone.

Now that the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses had awakened, everyone was finally able to get a glimpse at their statistics.

–

[Fossilized Tyrannosaurus] (Inferior Dragon, Archaic Species, Mythic)

Level 65

HP 320,000,000/320,000,000

–

Just as everyone was feeling shocked by the statistics of the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, Shi Feng shouted, “Fire, use this chance to disable the trap!”

Shi Feng knew better than anyone else present just how powerful the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses were. It was also because of this understanding that he knew how valuable time was right now. If they continued daydreaming, the chances of obtaining the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest would decline.

“Understood!”

“Fire Dance immediately responded and activated Silent Steps, appearing behind one of the two Fossilized Tyrannosauruses. She then dashed straight towards the Treasure Chest.