Chapter 1131 - An Invitation That Cannot Be Refused

Chapter 1131 – An Invitation that Cannot be Refused

Why are they here?

Shi Feng frowned slightly as he eyed Xie Qiwen and Gan Xingteng, who sat on a sofa and chatted merrily with Xiao Yu.

The White Tiger Dojo was currently Big Dipper’s rival.

As Shi Feng walked up to the three people, Xiao Yu took the initiative to welcome him.

“Instructor Shi, you’re finally here. Let me introduce you. This is White Tiger Dojo’s rising star, Xie Qiwen. As for our other guest, I believe that you’ve already met. Gan Xingteng has already been appointed the acting Head Instructor of the White Tiger Dojo’s branch in Jin Hai City.” Xiao Yu introduced the men to Shi Feng.

As Xiao Yu completed the introductions, Xie Qiwen stared at Shi Feng.

Shi Feng currently wore dark-blue sportswear. He appeared extremely young for someone in his position. No matter how Xie Qiwen looked at Shi Feng, the latter looked like any ordinary youth. Shi Feng did not exude the aura that was usually found on martial arts experts. If not for Gan Xingteng providing him with information about Big Dipper beforehand, he would’ve assumed that Shi Feng was a new student who had recently enrolled to the Big Dipper Dojo.

“Hello, Head Instructor Shi.” Xie Qiwen greeted Shi Feng without getting up from his seat. He simply looked at Shi Feng, nodding slightly as he spoke with a courteous tone, “I have heard of Head Instructor Shi’s fame. Sure enough, the rumors were true.”

“Hello.” Shi Feng gave with a brief, but polite response.

As for Gan Xingteng, he did not bother saying anything to Shi Feng.

In Gan Xingteng’s opinion, Shi Feng was simply one of the Big Dipper Group’s puppets and did not possess any true ability. The dojo’s true master must be the woman he had fought before, Fire Dance. In both strength and reaction capabilities, Fire Dance far surpassed him. He wouldn’t even be surprised if she turned out to be the internal force expert the Big Dipper Group had invited.

Xie Qiwen stood up and turned to look at Xiao Yu before saying, “Chairman Xiao, since we’ve already told you why we are here, we’ll take our leave now. When the time comes, I will welcome your arrival.”

Initially, he had waited here to catch a glimpse of Shi Feng.

Now that he had met the man in question and discovered that Shi Feng was exactly as Gan Xingteng had mentioned, he had no reason to stay.

Following which, Xiao Yu sent both Xie Qiwen and Gan Xingteng to the door. He then had Liang Jing send them on their way.

…

After the duo left, Shi Feng asked, “Chairman Xiao, may I know what business you wish to discuss?”

“The White Tiger Dojo will be holding an opening ceremony in four days, and they have invited you and me to participate. At the same time, the White Tiger Dojo plans to hold a friendly competition during the ceremony and has invited the various training centers and dojos to participate as well. The match will involve teams of three, and participants must be below the age of 20.

“The competition’s champion will win one million Credits and an invitation card to the Green God Company’s annual auction.”

“An invitation card to the Green God Auction? Sure enough, the White Tiger Dojo is impressive.”

The White Tiger Dojo’s wealth and influence surprised Shi Feng.

Practically everybody in the world knew about the Green God Company.

The Green God Company was the sole producer of Nutrient Fluids, which was sold in practically every town and city around the world. It was an absolute giant. In this current era, who did not pay attention to their bodies? Who didn’t want to live longer?

Particularly, the S-rank Nutrient Fluid produced miraculous effects. However, as its production volume was low, it was extremely difficult to obtain.

The Green God Company also held an auction once every year. In this auction, the company sold plenty of S-rank Nutrient Fluids. In addition, the company would introduce new products that were not available on the market. Only, it was extraordinarily difficult to gain an invitation.

A company like the Big Dipper Group did not qualify to receive an invitation. However, this wasn’t surprising. After all, not a single person or company in Jin Hai City qualified.

Most likely, only an existence like the White Tiger Dojo, which nurtured international-level fighters consistently, qualified. After all, in this era, where everyone paid attention to their physical fitness, the various international training centers and dojos were the Green God Company’s main customers.

“I know, right? In previous years, we’ve offered five million to purchase an invitation card. However, we have never actually managed to buy one. Hence, Head Instructor Shi, I was wondering if you could select a few members from the Big Dipper Dojo to participate in this friendly competition?” Xiao Yu asked anxiously.

Although he knew that the White Tiger Dojo wanted to flaunt its might through this friendly competition and solidify its position in Jin Hai City, the invitation card to the Green God Auction was simply too tempting to give up.

This invitation card was a pass that allowed one to purchase S-rank Nutrient Fluids. At the same time, one would encounter people of high social standing. If he could form some kind of relationship with some of these influential people, it might help the company’s development in the future.

Hence, even if he knew it was a trap, he couldn’t refuse it.

“Chairman Xiao, you should know that the dojo’s members have only recently joined. Even the powerful fighters are no match for the White Tiger Dojo’s elite geniuses,” Shi Feng replied as he shook his head.

Since the White Tiger Dojo dared to put up such a tempting prize, it was obvious that the dojo was confident in claiming the prize for itself. During the competition, the dojo would definitely send geniuses from its main branch to participate and teach the various dojos and training centers in Jin Hai City a lesson that they would never forget.

“I heard that Head Instructor Shi has several experts in your Workshop. What if they participate instead?” Xiao Yu asked eagerly.

He had long since learned about the Zero Wing Workshop from Liang Jing. According to Liang Jing, the Workshop members were powerful fighting experts. The woman named Fire Dance, in particular, had even defeated Gan Xingteng in a single move.

“Chairman Xiao, I understand what you are trying to say, but unfortunately, they are all over 20 years old,” Shi Feng said, smiling bitterly.

Of course, he wanted Cola and the others take part in the competition. However, they were all over the age limit. Only Violet Cloud met this requirement. However, the competition was a group match. If he could not fill the two remaining spots, they wouldn’t be able to take part anyway. As for the members that had recently joined the Zero Wing Workshop, although they had improved significantly, they were no match for the White Tiger Dojo’s elite members.

“The White Tiger Dojo really is crafty. I never thought that they would’ve accounted for this as well.” A disappointed expression dominated Xiao Yu’s face.

Despite the valuable opportunity to develop the company, he had no way of grasping it.

“We still have four days. It isn’t entirely impossible to find suitable experts. However, it won’t be easy.”

Shi Feng suddenly recalled several core members in the Guild that were younger than 20. Only, none of them had come to Jin Hai City to participate in Zero Wing’s special training.

Xiao Yu’s eyes shone at Shi Feng’s words. Immediately, he said, “If Head Instructor Shi has any requirements, please, don’t hold back!”

“Since Chairman Xiao has offered, things will be easier on my side.” Upon hearing Xiao Yu’s assurance, Shi Feng said, “If we wish to defeat the White Tiger Dojo, I’ll need roughly ten bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids.”

Although those several core members possessed a wealth of combat experience, their physical attributes were simply too low. Meanwhile, unlike virtual combat, real-life combat relied heavily on a person’s physical attributes.

If he wanted to improve their combat power in the real world quickly, the only way to do so was by pushing them past their brain’s limits and utilizing the S-rank Nutrient Fluids to recover. Only this method would rapidly improve their body’s overall strength.

He could also nurture the Guild’s experts, killing two birds with one stone.