Chapter 1137 - Introducing The Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest

Chapter 1137 – Introducing the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest

In the canyon outside of the Fallen Ark, the Soul Eater Lord, which had previously attacked Zero Wing’s team, finally emerged.

Immediately, the Soul Eater Lord’s powerful Domain enveloped a significant portion of the canyon.

“How is there such a powerful monster?!”

The sight of the Soul Eater Lord instilled fear and insecurity into the Midnight Tea Party’s members.

They had listened to Shi Feng’s instructions and moved 1,000 yards away from the Ark, which put them outside of the Soul Eater Lord’s Domain. However, as experts, their senses were far superior to ordinary players. In addition, they normally fought high-tiered monsters. As a result, they could roughly gauge a monster’s strength based on the pressure it emitted.

Meanwhile, right now, from the pressure they felt from the Soul Eater Lord, they could tell that he was the strongest monster they had encountered since joining God’s Domain.

“Black Flame really didn’t lie. Even if every member in the team has reached Tier 2, Level 60, we’ll still be cannon fodder against such a powerful monster,” Netherworld Wave said, finding it somewhat difficult to breathe.

Even Tier 4 NPCs of the same level wouldn’t be a match for the Tier 4, Level 67 Mythic monster with a complete Domain. After all, complete Domains were what made Tier 4 NPCs so powerful and allowed them to fight Mythic monsters, which had higher Attributes, on equal footing.

“Leader, are we still going to go in?” Cloud Yarn asked Breeze Wine worriedly.

With such powerful monsters guarding the Fallen Ark, even sending in an army of tens of thousands of players of the same level would be meaningless. They were significantly underleveled right now.

“Let’s wait for a bit,” Breeze Wine said softly. “Black Flame told us his method for luring these monsters away. Let’s make our decision after watching the situation.”

After Breeze Wine announced his decision, the team fell silent.

It would be a pity to simply leave after so much difficulty to open the Fallen Ark.

While the Midnight Tea Party members waited quietly, one monster after another exited the Fallen Ark. The weakest among them was a Grand Lord, while most were Mythic monsters. The adventurer team counted 20 Mythic monsters leaving the Ark.

Watching this, the Midnight Tea Party members, who had experienced hundreds of challenging battles, shuddered.

If not for the monsters’ low levels, they could have easily obliterated numerous major NPC cities if they worked together. Even at Level 60, players would be cannon fodder in front of these monsters. It did not matter how many players fought them. Everyone that tried to do so would undoubtedly die.

If not for their quest’s time limit and severe penalty for failure, the Midnight Tea Party members would’ve fled.

“Leader, look. They seem to have discovered something,” the Ranger, Dark War, reported softly.

Everyone followed Dark War’s gaze, and indeed, one Mythic monster in the distant forest sniffed the air as if it had scented something. Suddenly, the Mythic monster roared, and the rest gathered to its location. The Midnight Tea Party members began to panic.

“They couldn’t have discovered us, right?!” Cloud Yarn asked anxiously.

If these monsters discovered them, their deaths were certain.

“That shouldn’t be the case. Black Flame had returned from that direction. He should’ve set up some sort of luring magic array there,” Endless Scars calmly explained.

As soon as Endless Scars said so, the abyssal monsters began to rush elsewhere. Very quickly, they disappeared from the Midnight Tea Party’s sight.

“They’re gone?” Everyone could not help but release a sigh of relief.

A few of the team members, who had expressed their discontent with Shi Feng, began to view the Swordsman in a new light.

Although Shi Feng was ridiculously greedy, they had to admit that if not for him, they would’ve been unable to enter the Fallen Ark for a long time.

“We have our chance. Let’s hurry and enter the Ark!” Breeze Wine shouted as he stood.

Now that the monsters were nowhere to be seen, they could sneak into the Ark undetected. Once they were inside, things would become much easier.

It seems that I’ll have to learn more about this Guild Leader of Zero Wing.

Endless Scars revealed a faint smile as she looked to where the monsters had flown.

Even Super Guilds knew little about the secret of the Fallen Ark. She had searched everywhere for information, even utilizing the Blackwater Corporation’s power, to grasp the little she had learned about the Ark. And yet, the Guild Leader of a newly developed Guild knew far more about the Fallen Ark than she did. One could see just how extraordinary Shi Feng was. Zero Wing was definitely not as simple as she had imagined.

…

As the abyssal monsters moved away from the Fallen Ark, Shi Feng led the Zero Wing team to the Ark’s inner region.

He had finally made it into the Fallen Ark after so much trouble. He could not simply leave after looting a single Armory.

Furthermore, the Fallen Ark’s truly valuable items lay in the inner region.

However, as they ventured deeper, they encountered many traps. Even after the traps were disabled, new traps appeared in their place after a certain amount of time. In addition, due to the recent system update, the traps had become far more difficult and risky to disable. Any mistake could trigger the traps. It might be fine if it were weak, as triggering the trap wouldn’t result in an instant death. However, if they triggered a stronger trap, it could result in a team-wipe. As a result, Shi Feng’s group progressed very slowly through the Ark.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had the Fallen Ark Map. The map depicted which areas within the Ark were riddled with traps and which were not. Not only could they choose the safest path, but they would also know if they were about to walk into one. They didn’t need to be on high-alert constantly.

Finally, after over an hour advancing through the Ark, the team reached the inner region.

Following which, Shi Feng had everyone standby and wait for orders as traps riddled this area. Their only option was to let Fire Dance explore.

As Fire Dance still held the Icarus’s Heart Shi Feng had given her, she could explore the inner region somewhat safely. Anyone else that tried to do so would only be looking to die.

“Fortunately, we dealt with the traps in the Armory before the system update began. Otherwise, the stone alter’s trap would have killed us already,” Flying Shadow said, his heart fluttering with fear.

Previously, when he had disabled an Advanced Trap, he had very nearly lost his life when he triggered the trap by mistake. Fortunately, Violet Cloud had reacted quickly and immediately cast Truth Shield on him. In the end, the trap had only wounded him, leaving him with only 2,000 HP.

“That’s right! Guild Leader is really amazing! If not for sensing that the system update would affect traps, we wouldn’t have obtained the Hurricane Sailboat!” Cola said, laughing.

Shi Feng hadn’t expected to acquire the Hurricane Sailboat either. However, he agreed with Gentle Snow and Aqua Rose’s suggestion. Hence, he made some slight adjustments to his plans.

Before obtaining the Hurricane Sailboat, Shi Feng had planned to develop in Ocean Viewing Town slowly. He had even intended to let Immortal Light develop in the Apocalypse Empire’s coastal towns.

After all, Zero Wing was different from the other Guilds in coastal cities, where the latter had already begun to build their strength. Trying to compete with these coastal Guilds would be foolish. Even if Zero Wing were far stronger than these Guilds, naval combat relied on the ships’ quality, rather than players’. Zero Wing would not have much of an advantage by relying on the Swift Dragon Speedboat.

Coastal cities were very different from coastal towns. Coastal cities possessed Large Shipyards. They also had plenty of high-ranking rare quests that could help players to obtain powerful ships.

Otherwise, Phoenix Rain, the Pavilion Master of a super-first-rate Guild, would not have bothered cooperating with a first-rate Guild like Firmament. She had done so because Firmament had taken over a major NPC coastal city very early in the game. Even some Super Guilds feared its strength at sea.

Hence, Shi Feng now planned to occupy a major NPC coastal city.

“Guild Leader, I discovered a Forging Hall! I can see an Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest inside the hall!” Fire Dance excitedly announced in the team chat.