Chapter 1133 - The Difference Brought About By Time

Chapter 1133 – The Difference Brought About by Time

“Of course, it’s still valid.” Shi Feng provided a definitive answer. “However, didn’t your White Tiger Dojo bar you from joining any Gaming Workshops?”

You Ziping fell silent upon Shi Feng’s question.

He had been determined not to join Zero Wing’s Workshop. After all, he was recognized as an elite member in the White Tiger Dojo. If given enough time, he would gain Hall Master Jiang’s recognition.

However, Xie Qiwen’s sudden appearance in Jin Hai City significantly reduced the time he had to make any notable achievements.

Xie Qiwen was already a well-known national fighter. Now, the White Tiger Dojo’s main branch had decided to cultivate Xie Qiwen and prepare him for the international stage.

On the other hand, he hadn’t to even reached the national threshold. With Hall Master Jiang’s personality, he definitely had no hopes of furthering his relationship with Jiang Lingyu.

Right now, his only way of getting Hall Master Jiang’s recognition was to grow a lot stronger within a short time.

At the very least, he needed to become a fighter on the national level. Only then would Hall Master Jiang even consider handing his daughter over to him.

To build his strength quickly, the only way he could think of was by joining Zero Wing’s Workshop. There wasn’t actually a rule or regulation in the White Tiger Dojo that disallowed joining a Gaming Workshop, and growing stronger was far more important than violating Gan Xingteng’s rules.

“If I join Zero Wing’s Workshop, how much stronger can I become within a month?” You Ziping was desperate to grow stronger. However, he was suspicious about how much stronger the Zero Wing Workshop could help him become.

“I knew you would ask something like this. Since you’re curious, how about you spar with one of our Workshop’s new members?” Shi Feng suggested, chuckling. “Fortunately, you’re already familiar with this person.”

“Someone I am familiar with?” You Ziping gave Shi Feng a skeptical look.

“Follow me.” Shi Feng did not bother to explain as he left the lounge.

You Ziping promptly followed him, curious about his opponent.

In the White Tiger Dojo, his status was relatively high. Not only had he become an intermediate disciple at the young age of 18, but he even ranked near the top among intermediate disciples. He was only a short time from becoming an advanced disciple. If he became an advanced disciple in the White Tiger Dojo at his age, he would definitely qualify to participate in the national youth fighting competition.

…

Inside Zero Wing’s training room…

Many of Zero Wing Workshop’s new members were preoccupied with their basic training. When they noticed Shi Feng lead an indifferent youth into the room, they stopped and looked at You Ziping curiously.

“Who’s that? A new member?”

“No, I know that guy. He was one of the fighters that came to the dojo to make trouble, but got a beating from Big Sis Fire instead.”

“What unfortunate fools. Big Sis Fire never shows mercy in a fight. She is exactly like Instructor Lei in this aspect…”

“Do you think that guy is looking to challenge Big Sis Fire again?”

…

Everyone in the training room had their assumptions about You Ziping’s intentions. As for whether You Ziping had any chance of actually defeating Fire Dance, the thought never even entered their minds. In their eyes, You Ziping would need a miracle to survive against the woman for longer than five seconds.

As for the youth defeating Fire Dance?

Had anyone ever seen an ordinary human win against a monster before?

After Shi Feng entered the training room, he turned to a slim youth that looked to be roughly twenty years old and said, “Lu Xiu, come over here for a second. We’ll be testing your strength today.”

“Understood!” Lu Xiu hurriedly responded.

“Lu Xiu?” When You Ziping saw Lu Xiu walking over, the youth wore a strange expression.

Previously, when they had shown up to make trouble for the Big Dipper Dojo, Lu Xiu had chosen to leave the White Tiger Dojo and take part in the Zero Wing Workshop’s test.

As an intermediate disciple of the White Tiger Dojo, You Ziping was very familiar with Lu Xiu’s standards. The latter was just barely as strong as an intermediate disciple. Hence, he had been happy about Lu Xiu’s decision to leave the dojo. After all, not everyone could succeed in the world of fighting. Lu Xiu might have a better future if he joined a Gaming Workshop instead.

However, when he realized that Shi Feng had selected Lu Xiu to be his opponent, he found the matter laughable.

Just how much did Shi Feng underestimate him?

“Alright, you two, get in the arena. Your time limit is three minutes,” Shi Feng instructed, not explaining further.

Shi Feng’s words instantly attracted everyone’s attention.

Blackie merrily shouted, “We have a good show coming up! I’ll be the bookkeeper! The betting ratio is one-to-five! Whoever bets on You Ziping will get five times their wager if he wins! Don’t miss this opportunity!”

“Alright, I’ll bet on Lu Xiu!”

“I’ll bet on Lu Xiu as well!”

“I’ll bet one bottle of Hundred Berry Wine on Lu Xiu’s win!”

…

In the end, nobody bet on You Ziping. Blackie’s expression twisted.

However, among those present, You Ziping had the ugliest expression. He was only a step away from becoming an advanced disciple in the White Tiger Dojo, yet in the eyes of these gamers, he seemed to be some random passerby not worth their attention.

Lu Xiu felt an immense pressure on his shoulders. Similar to You Ziping’s familiarity with his strengths, he, too, understood You Ziping’s power. He had never imagined that Shi Feng and Zero Wing Workshop’s core members expected him to win. No matter how he thought about it, that was impossible.

Upon seeing both fighters in their positions, Shi Feng shouted, “Begin!”

“Lu Xiu, don’t hold back and show me everything you’ve got. I’m curious to see what you’ve accomplished in the Zero Wing Workshop since you’ve joined,” You Ziping told Lu Xiu seriously.

Lu Xiu nodded and charged at You Ziping.

Lu Xiu launched a straight punch towards You Ziping, his fist pushing a strong gust of wind into the latter’s face. Lu Xiu’s punch was so fast that You Ziping barely caught a glimpse of it.

So fast!

You Ziping could not help his surprise. Lu Xiu’s punch was far faster and more accurate than it had been in the past.

However, You Ziping was no ordinary fighter. Diverting the approaching fist with one hand, You Ziping sidestepped and rushed forward, slamming his body into Lu Xiu.

As if Lu Xiu had expected the move, he quickly adjusted his footwork as his fist was redirected. Twisting his body, he circled to You Ziping’s back, avoiding the latter’s body slam.

He dodged it?

You Ziping was slightly surprised.

You Ziping regained his composure as he turned and continued his fierce assault against Lu Xiu. Every one of You Ziping’s moves contained both deadly speed and precision, making them extremely difficult to parry.

However, contrary to You Ziping’s expectations, Lu Xiu didn’t become flustered, and the attacks didn’t land; rather, with nimble movements and footwork, he systematically dodged one attack after another.

After You Ziping’s barrage ended, Lu Xiu realized that You Ziping was exhausted. Immediately, Lu Xiu took advantage of the opportunity and dove in for the kill.

You Ziping, knowing he was in a bad position, could only throw a punch of his own to deter Lu Xiu’s assault. However, Lu Xiu showed no signs of avoiding the hit. On the contrary, Lu Xiu continued straight towards You Ziping’s punch. As You Ziping’s fist was about to collide with Lu Xiu’s face, however, the latter abruptly tilted his head.

You Ziping’s fist brushed past Lu Xiu’s cheek, leaving a bloodied cut. However, this allowed Lu Xiu to move into You Ziping’s guard. Combining his speed and strength, Lu Xiu sent an open-palm strike at You Ziping’s neck.

This strike forced You Ziping to retreat by three steps, feeling a little faint. Meanwhile, Lu Xiu took this opportunity to land another palm strike on his opponent’s chest. Immediately, the attack sent You Ziping sprawling to the ground.

The victor of this match: Lu Xiu.

From the start of the match to You Ziping’s collapse, Lu Xiu felt as if he had been dreaming. He had the weird feeling that You Ziping had gone easy on him. Why else would You Ziping have had so many holes in his defense? Moreover, in Lu Xiu’s opinion, You Ziping’s attack methods had been monotone. It was as if You Ziping had

begged

him to dodge the attacks…

However, in Shi Feng’s opinion, Lu Xiu’s win wasn’t unexpected.

Since joining Zero Wing, Lu Xiu had experienced many life-or-death battles. He also frequently attended Lei Bao’s training sessions. Both provided plenty of combat experience.

Lu Xiu also used to be one of the White Tiger Dojo’s intermediate disciples. In terms of his physique, he wasn’t any weaker than You Ziping. Lu Xiu had simply lacked combat experience. However, during his time in Zero Wing, Lu Xiu had accumulated far more combat experience than You Ziping. You Ziping’s defeat wasn’t unusual.

The first thing You Ziping saw after regaining consciousness was Lu Xiu.

How did he improve so much so quickly?

A bitter feeling swam in his heart as he looked at Lu Xiu.

He knew why he had been defeated. The fight might’ve looked like a deadlock, but the difference in their combat experience was simply too vast. Right now, Lu Xiu moved like an expert that had lived through hundreds of battles. Lu Xiu may even possess more combat experience than the White Tiger Dojo’s advanced disciples.

Yet, how much time had passed since Lu Xiu had joined the Zero Wing Workshop? How could he have gained that much combat experience in such a short timespan?

“You’ve seen how much Lu Xiu has improved for yourself. What do you think of my place now?” Shi Feng asked, laughing.

“Will you really teach me everything if I join Zero Wing’s Workshop?” You Ziping asked anxiously. He stared at Shi Feng with anticipation.

Shi Feng could not help but sigh ruefully at the tense You Ziping. No one would ever have imagined that this youth before him would actually become the Tier 5 Berserker known as Silent Blade.

You Ziping was just as talented as Xie Qiwen. However, Xie Qiwen was slightly older and had a far stronger family background.

If one wanted to improve their physique rapidly, intense training wasn’t enough. A fighter also needed to replenish the energy they consumed.

Even the most common C-rank Nutrient Fluid cost 400 Credits.

Fighters who trained arduously everyday needed at least one bottle per day. That meant that one would have to spend 12,000 Credits on C-rank Nutrient Fluids in a single month. Ordinary households couldn’t afford that expenditure. There was even less need to mention B-rank Nutrient Fluids, which cost 1,000 Credits per bottle.

Dojos and training centers were only willing to sign contracts with and nurture people with outstanding talent. Ordinary members wouldn’t have access to the privilege. However, even contracted members only received C-rank Nutrient Fluids. Only those geniuses would be given B-rank Nutrient Fluids.

As for You Ziping, the White Tiger Dojo had only offered him an ordinary contract, providing one bottle of C-rank Nutrient Fluid each day. However, Xie Qiwen was different. Xie Qiwen did not even need the support of the White Tiger Dojo as his household provided A-rank Nutrient Fluids to finetune his body. A-rank Nutrient Fluids cost 10,000 Credits per bottle. Not only were A-rank Nutrient Fluids capable of healing injuries that normally went unnoticed, but they could also develop a person’s brain cells.

Even if You Ziping and Xie Qiwen were equally talented, the difference in their strengths at the end of the day was like the difference between heaven and earth. Furthermore, Xie Qiwen’s household had invited powerful fighters and instructors to help the man gain a plethora of combat experience.

Aside from talent, You Ziping was weaker than Xie Qiwen in almost every aspect. How could he possibly be a match for Xie Qiwen?

Meanwhile, Jiang Tianyuan, Jiang Lingyun’s father, highly valued strength. It was only a matter of course for him to choose Xie Qiwen.