Chapter 1134 - Test Evaluation

Chapter 1134 – Test Evaluation

Noticing Shi Feng’s long moment of silence, You Ziping grew nervous.

You Ziping had already seen how much Lu Xiu had improved.

Despite having recently joined the Zero Wing Workshop, Lu Xiu could display strength like never before.

If You Ziping told the other White Tiger Dojo members about this, nobody would believe him.

In any case, he was now sure that, by joining and training in the Zero Wing Workshop, he could become strong enough to get a ticket to the national youth fighting competition before this year’s qualifiers. If he improved sufficiently, his results might even be quite good. Although he still wouldn’t be a match for Xie Qiwen, with the advantage of his age, Hall Master Jiang would, more or less, consider giving You Ziping his daughter instead of outright rejecting him.

“If you join Zero Wing’s Workshop, you won’t miss out on any training. Before that, however, we have to see whether or not you can pass the Workshop’s test. Based on your performance, you’ll be offered a corresponding contract,” Shi Feng explained. “Of course, Lu Xiu’s standards are already quite high. He has already become a reserve core member in our Workshop, and we’re providing various benefits to nurture him. Above that are the reserve main force member slots. If you achieve that standard, you’ll receive even heavier emphasis from the Workshop. The resources we’ll invest in you at that time will definitely surprise you. To put it simply, what benefits you receive are up to you. However, one thing to note is that the higher your position is, the greater the Workshop’s restrictions will be.

“If you become one of the Workshop’s reserve main force members, you’ll need to leave the White Tiger Dojo and focus on the Workshop.”

You Ziping nodded in response, not particularly surprised by Shi Feng’s explanation.

He had no intentions of becoming a reserve main force member. He was fine with becoming a reserve core member. This way, he could continue his development in the White Tiger Dojo.

Following which, Shi Feng had Blackie lead You Ziping to take the foundation tests.

The Workshop’s tests were very simple. They tested for an applicant’s reaction speed, observation, and judgment. As long as they performed well in these aspects, even if they had never received training from a Gaming Guilds before, they could get by fairly well in God’s Domain. Once Zero Wing nurtured these people, both in the game and in the real world, they could very quickly become fifth-floor experts in the Trial Tower.

Shi Feng had always planned for his Guild to walk the path of the elite. Hence, he was very strict when recruiting internal members.

Zero Wing’s evaluations fell into five grades: D, C, B, A, and S.

Various large Guilds had created these grades in the past during their own internal member recruitment. It was a standard method. Those who earned a D grade were considered ordinary. Generally, large Guilds only picked people who earned a C when recruiting internal members. In other words, people who were slightly more than ordinary in the various aspects. This way, these Guilds’ investments had a higher likelihood of greater return.

To become a Super Guild’s internal member, one generally needed to earn a B in their evaluation. Although the difference was only one rank, a B grade player could easily defeat a C grade player of the same level.

This was similar to the wooden barrel theory. The amount of water a wooden barrel could contain was not determined by the longest plank of wood. Rather, it depended on the shortest plank of wood.

This was also why, despite there being countless people applying to join Super Guilds as internal members each year, very few actually managed it.

The internal members Zero Wing recruited were separated into two groups. To become a core member, one needed to earn a high C. Meanwhile, main force members needed a B at the very minimum. The Guild had very few members who had earned an A. Even super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds hungered for such talent, much less Zero Wing.

After You Ziping completed his test, Blackie ran to Shi Feng and handed him You Ziping’s results.

“Brother Feng, this You Ziping kid is really impressive. His scores are the highest I’ve ever seen. Based on your tests, he actually managed to score a high A in everything. His observational skills even earned an S,” Blackie reported excitedly.

“It seems that he should be quite talented in God’s Domain. However, his future achievements will depend on him.” Shi Feng chuckled as he read the results the system had provided.

This outcome didn’t surprise him in the least. After all, You Ziping had been a Tier 5 Berserker in the past. At his peak, he had even ranked 58th on the God’s Domain Experts List. Players who had earned such high ranks at that time were of much higher quality than present players. After all, God’s Domain had been a second world for people back then. Far more experts had competed with each other in the game. Placing within the top 60 ranks had been dozens of times more difficult than it was now.

If not for the fact that You Ziping had joined God’s Domain later than others, he might’ve achieved an even higher rank.

“It’s a pity that he only chose to become a core member. If he wanted to join Zero Wing’s main force, with his potential, he could reach far greater heights,” Blackie sighed.

Shi Feng only tested a person’s current talent, but talent wasn’t a constant. As long as one continued to develop their mind, their talent would rise as well.

The fact that You Ziping was already so talented meant that his starting point was much higher than others. If he wanted to grow stronger, he still required training and resources.

“Relax. Now that he has already set foot on Zero Wing’s boat, I believe that he will, sooner or later, join our main force.” Shi Feng chuckled as he clapped Blackie’s shoulder.

Following which, according to his daily schedule, Shi Feng proceeded with training his members.

As the sun began to set, Shadow Sword and Turtledove arrived at Zero Wing’s Workshop.

When Shi Feng met the two for the first time, he discovered that they both looked much younger than in God’s Domain. Moreover, they were only 19 years old, only one year older than You Ziping. However, although the two’s combat experience trampled over You Ziping’s, they were physically much weaker than You Ziping. According to the White Tiger Dojo’s evaluation standards, they were not even fit to become basic disciples.

However, this wasn’t unusual. Neither Shadow Sword nor Turtledove had received much attention from their previous dojo. Their dojo hadn’t wanted to contract either of them.

After the two arrived, Shi Feng split the ten bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids, which Xiao Yu had Liang Jing deliver some time ago, between Shadow Sword and Turtledove. These S-rank Nutrient Fluids should be enough for them to train Void Steps for a considerable amount of time.

S-rank Nutrient Fluids?!

You Ziping gaped in shock when he saw the exquisite coolers Shadow Sword and Turtledove were carrying.

He had seen the coolers used to store S-rank Nutrient Fluids many times. After all, when the White Tiger Dojo’s advanced disciples performed exceptionally well, the dojo rewarded them with S-rank Nutrient Fluids.

As far as he could remember, the last time the dojo awarded S-rank Nutrient Fluids was when one of the geniuses at the main headquarters got 10th place in the national youth fighting competition. The dojo had boasted about this achievement, so much so that it had rewarded that youth two bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids. That youth had treated those bottles like family treasures, only using them when he was severely injured.

Yet, Shi Feng had given Shadow Sword and Turtledove five bottles each without hesitation.

What was this?

Could the Green God Company be backing the Zero Wing Workshop?

The thought hovered in the back of You Ziping’s mind.

There was no other explanation.

A Gaming Workshop like Zero Wing had actually given ten bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids to two people?

This was far beyond extravagant. This was simply being a spendthrift!

If he had received them, those ten bottles would last him ten years.

After Shi Feng finished instructing Shadow Sword and Turtledove on what they needed to do, he returned to his own room.

There were less than ten minutes before God’s Domain’s system update completed.

After drinking a bottle of A-rank Nutrient Fluid, Shi Feng entered his gaming cabin and logged into God’s Domain.