Chapter 1144 - Hidden Class Dragon Slayer

Chapter 1144 – Hidden Class Dragon Slayer

Shi Feng held the two crimson Dragon Origin Crystals and carefully inspected them.

Although both were Legendary material, there was a difference between them.

Of course, the system wouldn’t give away this difference. Instead, players had to discover it after conducting numerous experiments. This was one of the system’s hidden attributes. Although there were deviations between players conclusions, the deviations were usually minor.

Different grades of Legendary material would yield different bonus success rates when said material was used in crafting an item.

According to players’ summaries regarding Legendary materials, they were generally categorized into Basic, Middle, Intermediate, and Peak grades.

Basic grade materials could increase production success rate by roughly 2% to 3%.

Intermediate grade materials could increase production success rate by 4% to 5%.

Advanced grade materials could increase production success rate by 7% to 8%.

Peak grade materials could increase production success rate by 10% to 11%.

After Shi Feng clicked to open the two Dragon Origin Crystals’ Attribute Panels, he began to read their introductions carefully.

Wonderful!

Shi Feng smiled when he finished reading.

With this, there shouldn’t be any problems producing the Dragon Soul Potions.

Legendary materials had different methods of determining their grades. In the Dragon Origin Crystal’s case, its grade could be determined by the bloodline density within it.

If a crystal’s bloodline density fell between 1% and 30%, it was Basic grade. Most of the Dragon Origin Crystals that dropped were this grade.

A crystal with a bloodline density between 31% and 50% was considered Intermediate grade. Crystals of this grade had a much lower drop-rate.

As for crystals with a bloodline density between 51% and 70%, they were Advanced grade. It was practically impossible to find Advanced Dragon Origin Crystals on the market as large Guilds cherished like their own children.

Lastly, crystals with bloodline density above 71% were Peak grade. At this grade, the Dragon Origin Crystal was worth much more than an Epic item.

To produce the Dragon Soul Potion, one usually needed an Intermediate Dragon Origin Crystal or better. Regardless of how many Basic Dragon Origin Crystals were used, it was impossible to produce the Dragon Soul Potion with them.

Of the two Dragon Origin Crystals before Shi Feng, one was Intermediate grade, while the other was an Advanced crystal.

“Guild Leader, did something good drop?” Aqua Rose asked when she noticed the smile on Shi Feng’s face.

She was very familiar with Shi Feng’s personality and habits. If the dropped items were not extraordinary, he would not have revealed such a joyous smile.

In response, Shi Feng nodded and looked at everyone before calmly stating, “Something good has indeed dropped. Which of you here wants a hidden class?”

“A hidden class? Did we get a class-change tool?”

“Guild Leader, which classes are suitable for the hidden class?”

Shi Feng’s question instantly caught his teammate’s attention. None of these players were strangers to hidden classes. Various people had already posted a lot of information about hidden classes on the official forums. As a result, they all dreamed of class-changing into their own. They’d even be happy with the most common hidden class.

Although the most common hidden class would not provide additional Basic Attributes, the class could provide additional Skills that their original classes did not possess. With these Skills, they’d have access to more combat methods. They would have advantages in both PvP and Dungeons.

As for Advanced or Peak rank hidden classes, they did not even dare to dream of obtaining one. After all, hidden classes of such ranks were simply too rare.

“Any class is fine. However, the condition is that one does not already have a hidden class,” Shi Feng explained.

The Dragon Soul Potion’s purpose was to give players access to the Legacy of the Dragon race. Hence, unless one already wielded a hidden class, any player could obtain the Dragon Legacy. Both magical class and physical class players could eventually become Dragon Slayers.

This was also why both NPCs and players in the past had preferred to kill powerful Dragons. While they did so to gain fame and recognition, their primary reason was to obtain the Dragon Legacy and become stronger.

However, the Dragon Origin Crystal’s drop-rate was considerably low. If not for the Fossilized Dragons being Archaic Species, it was unlikely that the two Mythic monsters would have dropped it.

When the Zero Wing’s team heard that any class could obtain the hidden class, they were ecstatic.

“Don’t get too excited just yet. The class-change quest is not easy,” Shi Feng said, chuckling as he shook his head. “Unfortunately, too many of you want the hidden class. I only have two slots; so let’s hold a team auction using GCPs. This Intermediate Dragon Origin Crystal’s starting bid is 200,000 points, while this Advanced Dragon Origin Crystal’s starting bid will be 500,000 points. Decide for yourselves if you want to bid on them or not.”

Currently, one Guild Contribution Point was worth roughly 25 Copper Coins.

Two hundred thousand GCPs was the equivalent of 500 Gold. This was an extraordinarily low price to pay for the Dragon Slayer class.

In the past, the various large Guilds had been willing to buy Intermediate Dragon Origin Crystals for 8,000 Gold. As for Advanced Dragon Origin Crystals, they had been practically impossible to find on the market. However, one player had put his crystal up for auction in the past. The crystal eventually sold for the insane price of 30,000 Gold…

The Advanced version was so much more valuable due to the fact that, depending on the quality of the Dragon Soul Potion produced, one would obtain different levels of the Dragon Legacy.

The Dragon Slayer class was somewhat unique. It was not clearly ranked like other hidden classes. If a weak Dragon Soul Potion were consumed, one’s Dragon Slayer class would be the equivalent of a Basic Legacy. Conversely, it was also possible to obtain a Peak Legacy Dragon Slayer class if one used a strong potion. Of course, it was also possibles to upgrade the Dragon Slayer class gradually to Peak Legacy by consuming a several Dragon Soul Potions.

Hence, Dragon Origin Crystals of different grades had different prices.

The prices Shi Feng had announced were definitely low.

Even so, the team sent Shi Feng scornful looks, feeling that Shi Feng was trying to rip them off. Although they were the Guild’s main force members, it was extremely difficult to collect so many GCPs.

Eventually, Cola won the Advanced Dragon Origin Crystal, while Alluring Summer won the Intermediate crystal. Among them, Alluring Summer had borrowed plenty of GCPs from Aqua Rose and Violet Cloud. After all, Alluring Summer had just recently joined the Guild and had not participated in many Dungeon raids or high-level Guild Quests yet.

Following which, Shi Feng passed the Dragon Soul Potion’s production method to Cola and Alluring Summer.

It was impossible for players to produce the Dragon Soul Potion. They needed to hire an NPC Grandmaster Alchemist to do it. Unfortunately, it was extremely difficult to find NPC Grandmasters. Fortunately, Shi Feng knew two places where they could find such NPCs. The first was Titan City. There, they could easily find a Grandmaster Alchemist. The second location was Blackwing City.

However, to convince these NPC Grandmasters to help, they needed to raise their Favorability with said NPCs. Once their Favorability reached a sufficient level, they could make the Dragon Soul Potion. However, collecting the various required materials was a considerably challenging task as every material was extremely rare. Normally, only large Guilds could get their hands on all these materials. It was extremely difficult for lone players or a team to gather what they needed in a short time.

After Shi Feng finished distributing the Dragon Origin Crystals, the team heard the shattering of glass from the center of the Forging Hall.

Everyone spun to look.

Suddenly, an orange pillar of light appeared in the Forging Hall.

Did Fire Dance disable the trap?