Chapter 1141 - Valkyrie Versus Tyrannosauruses

Chapter 1141 – Valkyrie versus Tyrannosauruses

Under Shi Feng’s command, Anna began to chant an incantation. Instantly, the Mana in the Forging Hall surged towards her.

“Roar!”

The two Fossilized Tyrannosauruses quickly noticed the frightening amount of Mana flowing towards Anna. Immediately, their massive, golden eyes shifted to the woman, glaring at her as if she were their greatest enemy.

Anna needed time to cast her Spell. Although the Forging Room was quite large, a Mythic monster could cross it in no time at all. Before Anna finished her chant, the two Fossilized Tyrannosauruses would reach her. Currently, Anna was a Tier 2 NPC. She had no hope against the two Tier 4 Archaic Species.

Seeing this, Shi Feng sighed dejectedly. Hurriedly, he shouted, “Cola, Turtledove, use the Basic Mana Pulse Bombs!”

Previously, they had also obtained over 1,000 Basic Mana Pulse Bombs from the Armory in addition to the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons and movement-type defensive magic array. Every bomb contained the might of a Tier 3 Spell. If used properly, these bombs would be frighteningly effective in a Guild war.

–

[Basic Mana Pulse Bomb]

Deals damage equivalent to a Tier 3 destruction Spell to a radius of 25 yards. Bomb is 100% effective against monsters and players below Level 100, and 50% effective against monsters and players Level 100 and above.

Cooldown: 2 seconds

–

Unfortunately, they had a limited number of Mana Pulse Bombs. Once they used them, they would be gone.

Yet, they were the team’s only option to pull aggro.

Hearing Shi Feng’s instructions, Cola and Turtledove retrieved the fist-sized bombs reluctantly.

However, seeing the two Fossilized Tyrannosauruses charge at Anna, the Guardians Knights threw the bombs at the two Bosses.

The Mana Pulse Bombs looked like specks of dust compared to the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses.

However, the instant the bombs touched the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses’ scales, black and white Mana surged forth, devouring the guardian monsters. The Forging Hall shook with the explosions, and for a moment, even space itself seemed as if it might shatter. The Mana Pulse Bombs’ might far exceeded everyone’s expectations. Meanwhile, Cola and Turtledove, who stood closest to the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, were blown off their feet by the resulting shockwaves.

“This destructive power is even more amazing than Tier 3 large-scale destruction Spells!” Cola exclaimed in astonishment.

He had seen Tier 3 large-scale destruction Spells before. Although their range was greater, the Spells couldn’t destabilize space.

If they attacked a Grand Lord with these Basic Mana Pulse Bombs, they might even inflict severe injuries.

The Mana Pulse Bombs had shocked the rest of the team as well, and they all thought it was a huge waste to use them against the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses.

If they used the bombs to weaken Field Grand Lords instead, the Guild could profit greatly.

However, as the black and white Mana dissipated and these players could see the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses once more, their eyes nearly fell out of their sockets.

Despite such powerful attacks, the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses were unharmed. The Mana Pulse Bombs hadn’t even left a scratch. All the bombs accomplished was blowing off a layer of dust that had collected on the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses’ scales over the years, giving the two monsters a fresh, clean appearance.

As for the bombs’ damage, each had only caused around -200,000 damage.

Even if they tossed 1,000 Basic Mana Pulse Bombs at the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, they couldn’t kill the monsters…

If they used the Basic Mana Pulse Bombs against Great Lords, each could easily deal over a million damage. The bombs would also easily annihilate players below Tier 3.

However, the bombs’ damage did redirect the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses’ attention to Cola and Turtledove.

“Excellent!” Shi Feng smiled faintly.

The brief moment Cola and Turtledove had bought allowed Anna to finish her incantation.

“Emerge, Valkyrie!” Anna shouted.

Immediately, a golden magic array enveloped the Forging Hall’s ceiling, which caused the Mana inside the hall to rampage. A Valkyrie with pure white wings, geared in golden, divine armor slowly descended from the magic array.

Compared to Anna’s previous summoning, the Valkyrie had reached Level 70 as Anna had leveled from Level 69 to Level 70 during the previous war.

Every five levels was a minor turning point in God’s Domain.

Hence, a Level 70 Valkyrie was significantly stronger than a Level 69 Valkyrie. This was alson why Shi Feng was willing to risk summoning Anna into this battle.

The Fossilized Tyrannosauruses were Level 65. As Tier 4 Archaic Species, while they might not have complete Domains like the ancient abyssal monsters, their Attributes were far superior to the abyssal monsters. If given the choice, players would rather fight the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses than the ancient abyssal monsters.

This was due to the abyssal monsters’ powerful Domains and their effectiveness against players.

After all was said and done, the Tier 4 Valkyrie was only a puppet. The Valkyrie neither possessed high intellect nor did it have a complete Domain like ordinary Tier 4 NPCs. In a sense, the Valkyrie was similar to the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses. However, when comparing Life Ratings, the Valkyrie was far above Archaic Species.

In a head-on collision, the Valkyrie could definitely overwhelm the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses.

“Attack!” Shi Feng commanded.

The Valkyrie could only remain for 10 seconds and could only be summoned again after one full day. Hence, he could not waste a single second.

Hearing Shi Feng’s command, Anna instructed the Valkyrie to take action.

Suddenly, the Valkyrie disappeared as she used the Tier 3 Skill Spatial Transfer to arrive before one of the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses.

“Attack its lower left rib!” Shi Feng commanded.

After watching the bosses with Omniscient Eyes, Shi Feng had grasped the power cores’ basic patterns. Although he couldn’t break through the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses’ scales and substantially damage the power cores, the Valkyrie could.

A silver spear appeared in the Valkyrie’s hands, arcs of golden lightning dancing around the weapon. The Valkyrie then thrust the spear at the Fossilized Tyrannosaurus’s lower left rib.

Tier 4 Skill, Thunder Sanction!

The Fossilized Tyrannosaurus panicked instantly. The Valkyrie had appeared too suddenly. Even with its high Attack Speed, the Fossilized Tyrannosaurus was still caught off guard as it received Thunder Sanction in full. The golden lightning pierced through its tough scales and exited from its back, reaping nearly 3% of the monsters HP.

The team immediately felt the Fossilized Tyrannosaurus grow weaker.

This scene enraged the other Fossilized Tyrannosaurus as it spread its jaws. A large amount of Mana began to gather in the monster’s mouth.

“Crap! It’s using its Breath! Everyone, move; don’t stand in front of the Boss!” Shi Feng hurriedly warned his team as he saw the monster charge its attack.

The greatest move of any monster from the Dragon race would be its breath attacks. Among them, true Dragons’ Breath attacks were the most powerful. There were even records of how a Dragon had obliterated a major city with a single breath attack. Thus, the Dragon race represented destruction.

“Roar!” The Fossilized Tyrannosaurus’s roar echoed throughout the Forging Hall.

Before anyone could react, a dazzling beam of light devoured the Valkyrie.

The breath even shattered space itself…

Meanwhile, this beam of light struck one of the Forging Hall’s stone walls. If not for having been constructed by ancient Gods, no one doubted that the breath attack could have punched a hole straight through the Fallen Ark.