Chapter 1140 - Buying Time

Chapter 1140 – Buying Time

When Fire Dance was only 30 yards away from the Treasure Chest, the two Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, which had initially been lured away by the Spells attacking them, suddenly shifted their attention to her. As if they had had their tails stepped on, they glared at Fire Dance with single-minded ferocity as though she were the only person left in the world.

“Not good! Our aggro is too weak!” Shi Feng frowned. “Cola, Turtledove, use everything you’ve got to pull aggro! Have the Bosses stay as far away from the Treasure Chest as possible!”

As Guardian Bosses, the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses’ priority was the protection of the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest. To them, aggro was secondary.

Only when another player’s aggro over the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses reached a sufficiently high degree would the Bosses stop paying attention to the player attempting to steal the item they protected. This was why Shi Feng previously had everyone use their water-type Magic Scrolls on the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses. Not only could they deal a significant amount of damage to the Bosses, but they could also increase their aggro over the Bosses.

However, the effects of the water-type Spells were not as good as Shi Feng expected.

“Understood!”

Upon hearing Shi Feng’s command, Cola and Turtledove immediately activated Power of Darkness, causing their Basic Attributes to soar instantly. Both of them then charged straight at the two Fossilized Tyrannosauruses and used Justice Roar, trying their best to shift the attention of the Bosses to themselves.

However, the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses still kept the Treasure Chest as their priority, completely disregarding the two Guardian Knights’ Justice Roars and continuing to chase Fire Dance.

Both Cola’s and Turtledove’s Justice Roars were at Tier 1. If the target they used the Skill on ignored them, their Strength Attributes would double for a short time. Their speeds would increase significantly as well.

Sure enough, Cola’s and Turtledove’s Strengths immediately doubled. Both of them then followed up with a Shield of Vengeance at their respective Fossilized Tyrannosauruses.

Boom! Boom!

The moment their shields collided with the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, sparks flew. Despite the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses having had their Defenses weakened, Cola’s and Turtledove’s attacks only left a small scratch on their scales.

As for the damage the two Guardian Knights dealt, it was less than -8,000.

“So this is an Archaic Species?” Gentle Snow revealed a dumbfounded expression when she saw the damage the two MTs dealt.

This was her first time encountering an Archaic Species.

Although she already knew their team had no chance whatsoever of winning against the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, when she saw this scene, she still could not help but be shocked.

She had a general idea what Cola’s and Turtledove’s equipment standards were. If she was not wearing the Seven Luminaries Battle Armor Shi Feng had given to her, her Attributes would no doubt be inferior to theirs. Currently, not only had the two Guardian Knights activated their Berserk Skills, but they even had the Strength boost from Justice Roar. In terms of Strength, even a Tier 2, Level 60 Berserker would be no match for them.

Yet, now, the both of them had dealt less than -8,000 damage to their targets.

The Defense of the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses was simply insane.

At this moment, she wondered if Cola and Turtledove could even deal any damage to the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses if not for the submerged environment weakening the Bosses’ Defenses.

“Roar!”

Although Cola’s and Turtledove’s full-powered attacks had barely dealt any damage, they still managed to get the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses to shift their attention to them, which eased up the pressure on Fire Dance.

“Good! Now activate your Lifesaving Skills and slowly lure the Bosses away!” Shi Feng commanded.

Without hesitation, Cola and Turtledove activated Protection Blessing.

If they managed to deal only such a small amount of damage, despite the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses’ weakened Defenses, they did not dare to imagine what kind of damage the Inferior Dragons could deal, seeing as the Bosses’ Attack Power had not weakened in the slightest.

Peng! Peng!

No sooner had the two Guardian Knights activated Protection Blessing than the tail swipes of the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses sent them both flying away. The speed of the attacks was so fast that not a single person present had managed to react.

“What happened?!” Minor Wind’s eyes widened in shock.

He had only seen the tails of the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses moving slightly just now. There had been no sign of the tails making their way towards Cola and Turtledove at all. Yet, before he knew it, both Guardian Knights were already in the air, their HPs decreasing by over 36,000, instantly falling below 50%. If not for Cola and Turtledove having activated Power of Darkness and Protection Blessing, which increased their HP to over 50,000 and halved the damage they received, the two of them would be meeting God by now…

Aside from Shi Feng, everyone present was stunned by the horrendous amounts of damage dealt by the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses.

With such speed and Strength, even a Tier 2, Level 60 MT would not be able to last long against the Inferior Dragons.

“All healers, focus on Cola and Turtledove! We need to buy as much time for Fire as we can!” Shi Feng shouted hurriedly, not feeling any surprise whatsoever at this situation.

In the past, when Super Guilds dealt with Tier 4 Archaic Species, the teams they sent had been filled with players equal to or higher than the monster’s level. Meanwhile, half of the lead MT’s equipment had to be Epic rank at the very minimum. Moreover, they needed to have three MTs simultaneously receiving the monster’s attacks. Aside from that, they would also use Intermediate Magic Arrays to suppress the Archaic Species. Otherwise, they would have had no chance of victory at all.

Right now, the only thing they could do was to buy as much time as possible by relying on their Berserk Skills. As for defeating the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses, Shi Feng had never even entertained the possibility.

Under Shi Feng’s command, Cola and Turtledove carefully lured the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses away from the Treasure Chest, giving Fire Dance the opportunity to remove the trap set up around the Treasure Chest.

However, after Fire Dance looked at the trap, a frown appeared on her face.

“Guild Leader, this trap is indeed Master rank. However, its complexity is much greater than the Master Trap I disabled before. I need time if I want to disable it safely!” Fire Dance sent a private message to Shi Feng.

Everyone had clearly witnessed for themselves how terrifying the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses were. There was simply no chance they could win against these monsters. They could only drag the battle out as long as possible. Hence, Fire Dance was extremely anxious.

“How long?” Shi Feng asked.

“At least…five minutes,” Fire Dance replied helplessly. Right now, she hated herself for not training her Trap Disabler class as much as she could. Although she had forcibly increased her rank to Master right now, her technical skills were not actually at the Master rank yet.

Five minutes was more than enough for everyone to die dozens of times.

“Five minutes?” After giving it some thought, Shi Feng clenched his teeth and said, “I got it. I’ll try to buy as much time over here as possible. You just relax and disable the trap.”

This reply stunned Fire Dance. However, she knew that Shi Feng never joked around. Since he had said so, he definitely had a way to realize his words. Immediately, she nodded and began disabling the trap before her.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng had also activated Omniscient Eyes and began searching for the power cores of the two Fossilized Tyrannosauruses.

Their power cores are actually in constant motion?

The Fossilized Tyrannosauruses could hide no secrets from the Omniscient Eyes. Shi Feng could clearly see a glowing red dot moving about inside the body of each monster. Although the dots were very small, they were extremely eye-catching.

However, while Shi Feng had guessed correctly that he could locate the power cores with Omniscient Eyes, he had no way of damaging them. Seeing how Cola and Turtledove had only managed to scratch the scales of the Fossilized Tyrannosauruses before, even if Shi Feng relied on the Abyssal Blade and Killing Ray, it would be very difficult for him to shatter those scales, not to mention penetrating deep into the Inferior Dragons’ bodies and striking at their power cores.

Nevertheless, Cola’s and Turtledove’s HPs were rapidly decreasing at this moment. The two Guardian Knights could die at any time. If he did not destroy the power cores right now, it would be impossible for them to survive for five minutes. When Protection Blessing ended, both of them would die instantly.

“It seems I have no choice but to use that,” Shi Feng muttered to himself before letting out a sigh. In a battle of such level, it was just too risky to use

that

. However, in order to obtain the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest, he had no choice but to take a gamble.

Saying so, Shi Feng took out a Summon Guard Scroll and summoned his Epic Guard, Anna.

Players generally would not let their Personal Guards take part in such a dangerous battle. While Personal Guards that were killed could be resurrected, the price for doing so was exorbitant. It was definitely not a price that players were willing to accept. Hence, players with powerful Personal Guards very rarely allowed their Personal Guards to take part in risky battles.

“Anna, use Angel Summoning!”