Chapter 1145 - Treasure Obtained

Chapter 1145 – Treasure Obtained

When they saw the pillar of orange light, the team grew excited.

An Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest!

They had never even known something like this existed.

If they obtained a Fragmented Legendary item from it, their Guild could enable one player’s Basic Attributes to soar.

“No, the trap hasn’t been disabled!”

Shi Feng realized that something was amiss when he saw the orange magic array on the ceiling, which formed from berserk Mana.

He had seen many players disable Master Traps in the past. However, not one of them ever drove Mana berserk when successfully disabled. There was only one possibility for this.

Disabling the trap had failed!

Fire Dance’s expression twisted with guilt. However, before she could say anything, Shi Feng shouted, “Everyone, use your Tier 1 Instantaneous Movement Magic Scrolls and withdraw! Then use your Return Scrolls to leave the Ark!”

Normally, traps would enclose a certain area when triggered. However, there were also solutions to this problem. Before the trap fully activated, players could use Instantaneous Movement Magic Scrolls to get out of range. This had been a common method in the past. Unfortunately, it wasn’t effective against traps that activated instantaneously.

Fortunately, the trap before them was not an instantaneous type. Unfortunately, divine runes had already sealed the Forging Hall’s doors, and players couldn’t leave the hall normally. Using Return Scrolls to escape was also time-consuming. On the other hand, Instantaneous Movement Magic Scrolls didn’t have an activation time. They could simply use the scroll to pass beyond the stone doors and leave the trap’s effective area.

Once they were out of the trap’s range, they could use the Return Scroll to leave the Ark safely.

As for why Shi Feng had chosen to return to White River City, it was because he was not certain of what after-effects triggering the Forging Hall’s trap would have. On the off chance that the trap would also increase the danger outside of the Ark, such as alerting the Fallen Patrols and luring them to the Forging Hall, the Fallen Ark’s inner region would become extremely dangerous. They could very easily team-wipe.

Listening to Shi Feng’s commands, everyone retrieved the Instantaneous Movement Magic Scrolls they had prepared and left the Forging Hall. Eventually, only Shi Feng remained.

This was the perfect opportunity for Shi Feng to steal the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest.

Now that the trap had triggered, there was nothing protecting the Treasure Chest. He could simply stash it in his bag space and leave. Only, he had to deal with the trap’s mechanisms while collecting the Treasure Chest.

Once the trap finished its attack, it would return to its original state, and they would have to try disabling it all over again.

Shi Feng had considered simply triggering the trap and snatching the Treasure Chest, but he would have had to deal with the two Fossilized Tyrannosauruses at the same time. His chances of success would have been extremely low. Now that the guards were dead, he could easily deal with the remaining challenges.

Following which, Shi Feng used Wind Blade and dashed straight for the Treasure Chest.

As he was about to reach the Treasure Chest, however, the orange magic array on the ceiling activated.

Suddenly, blood-red spears appeared in the air, one after another, every spear radiating a frightening aura. The numerous spears then rained down on the Forging Hall.

A destruction-type trap?

Shi Feng released a sigh of relief when he saw the descending spears. Immediately, he activated Defensive Blades, which allowed him to block over ten attacks.

As a result, Shi Feng knocked the spears to the side before they even reached him.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng placed his hand on the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest, trying to see if he could take it.

After all, this was the first time he had encountered an Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest. Normally, players could simply walk away with a locked Dark-Gold Treasure Chest. Only a minority of Dark-Gold Treasure Chests had fixed locations.

The instant Shi Feng touched the Treasure Chest, the system replied.

Although the Treasure Chest could be stored in his bag space, doing so required eight seconds of channeling.

However, Defensive Blade’s block counts would, at most, last two seconds against the blood-red spears. With Absolute Defense, which had a five-second duration, he was one second shy of surviving for eight seconds.

Shi Feng had no doubt that even one of these spears could kill him instantly.

To hell with it!

Shi Feng decided to give it a try as he began the collection process. He refused to give up after coming this far.

As the spears descended on Shi Feng, as he anticipated, Defensive Blade only lasted slightly more than two seconds.

Immediately after Defensive Blade’s block counts were exhausted, Shi Feng activated the Aura of Earth’s Absolute Defense. He then immediately switched to the Aura of Space. If he sensed that he no longer had hope of getting away with the Treasure Chest, he would leave instead of pointlessly throwing his life away. After all, he was one level away from the Level 50 threshold.

The seconds passed quickly. The Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest’s loading bar advanced slowly.

Sure enough, it’s not enough.

When Shi Feng saw that Absolute Defense’s duration had one second remaining while the loading bar needed at least three more seconds to complete, he could not help but sigh deeply.

Peng!

When Absolute Defense shattered and a blood-red spear was about to collide with Shi Feng’s head, a figure suddenly appeared above him.

Phantom Kill!

Defensive Blade!

The doppelganger summoned with the Abyssal Blade’s Phantom Kill possessed all the player’s Skills. Hence, the doppelganger had similarly learned Shi Feng’s Lifesaving Skills.

Peng… Peng… Peng…

As Shi Feng listened to the crashing above him, his anxiety grew.

The loading bar was two seconds away from completion.

Quick! Move quickly!

Shi Feng was extremely anxious. This was his final hope.

Just as the doppelganger’s Defensive Blade block counts were about to expire, Shi Feng heard the sound of a system notification.

System: The Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest has been stored in your bag space.

When Shi Feng heard this sound, for the first time ever, he found the system’s cold, mechanical voice to be extremely sweet.

Shi Feng immediately activated Space Movement. A spatial tear opened before him.

Although his doppelganger’s Defensive Blade block counts had been exhausted, he could still use the doppelganger as a meat shield. Only, the instant one of the blood-red spears struck the doppelganger, the doppelganger’s HP hit rock bottom. The spears were just as powerful as Shi Feng had guessed.

However, the brief moment the doppelganger had bought him allowed Shi Feng to enter the spatial tear and vanish from the Forging Hall.

When the Forging Hall’s trap had activated, the Fallen Ark’s inner region had descended into chaos. The Fallen Patrols in both the outer and inner regions had rushed towards the Forging Hall. Fortunately, Shi Feng had instructed his team to use their Return Scrolls as soon as they got out. Otherwise, none of them would have left the Fallen Ark alive.

…

The Fire Dragon Empire’s imperial capital:

Due to a particular match in the Dark Arena today, players had swarmed into the empire even before the match began. These players all wore dazzling weapons and equipment.

Aside from spectating the upcoming match, many were here to participate in the Dark Arena’s upcoming auction.

“Big Sis Rain, Miracle’s people have asked to meet with you,” Blue Phoenix softly reported as she entered the VIP room. “Judging by their tone and words, it seems that they’ve discovered our relationship with Zero Wing.”

Phoenix Rain frowned slightly upon hearing this. Although she knew that she couldn’t hide the truth forever, she hadn’t expected it to get out so quickly. Sighing, she said, “Miracle is really quite fast with their investigations. Since they’ve found us out, let’s meet with them.”