Chapter 1149

Chapter 1449 – Condition for Opening the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest

The massive Dark Arena was packed with people, and everyone wore astonished expressions as the stared at the stage.

For this competition, the Asura Battle Team had only sent five players.

“What’s the Asura Battle Team trying to do?”

“Could they trying for another complete victory?”

“That shouldn’t be the case. Even if the Asura Battle Team has nothing but fools, they must know that the Evil Dragon Battle Team is no longer the same as it was. Miracle now leads the team. Although Miracle is only a super-first-rate Guild, it even has stronger and more experts than some Super Guilds.”

“I think they’re deliberately trying to lose. Now that Miracle has taken over the Evil Dragon Battle Team, the battle team’s strength has transformed tremendously. The Asura Battle Team must’ve recognized that they are no match for Evil Dragon and decided to send five members to conserve their strength for the next match.”

…

Every player in the audience had their own opinions. However, the majority was of the opinion that the Asura Battle Team intended to preserve its strength, yet they couldn’t just throw away their reputation by handing over a complete victory. Hence, they had sent five members. As long as they won one of the first three matches, they wouldn’t have too many issues.

After all, the information they had collected clearly stated that the Asura Battle Team only a handful of powerful experts. This only gave the team a fighting chance in the first three matches. Once the competition proceeded to the final two matches, the Asura Battle Team had no hope of victory.

More players began to place their bets on the Evil Dragon Battle Team’s victory.

Because of this, the competition’s payout ratio changed again. While the payout rate for the Asura Battle Team’s victory was one-to-two, the payout rate in favor of the Evil Dragon Battle Team plummeted. However, the payout rate for either team achieving a complete victory remained the same.

…

Meanwhile, in a VIP room on the second floor…

“Big Sis Endless, who do you think we should bet on?” Cloud Yarn asked hesitantly.

The other Midnight Tea Party members similarly looked towards Endless Scars in hopes of predicting the victor.

In their adventurer team, Endless Scars was the most capable when it came to deducing others’ strengths. Oftentimes, when their team members sparred, Endless Scars knew the outcome even before it began.

They also intended on participating in the upcoming auction. It was better to have a little more money in their pockets.

“Stop trying to be devious. We don’t have any concrete information about either team right now. It’s impossible to judge which team will win.” Endless Scars rolled her eyes at her companions. Slowly, she continued, “Everyone must assume that Zero Wing has no hope of winning. After all, the gap between both sides is simply too massive. However, Zero Wing is not as simple as they think. Let’s just observe this battle.”

Had she not encountered Zero Wing at the Fallen Ark, she definitely would’ve assumed that the Evil Dragon Battle Team would win this competition. After all, Miracle had borrowed plenty of Epic items from other Guilds to secure victory. In addition, Miracle had dispatched its own apex experts to support the Evil Dragon Battle Team. It was simply impossible for Zero Wing to win.

…

While the Asura Battle Team prepared below the stage, Shi Feng received a call from Phoenix Rain.

“Team Leader Ye Feng, does Zero Wing intend to give up this competition?” Phoenix Rain asked grumpily.

She had rejected Thousand Miles’s offer. She had also put her trust in Zero Wing while shouldering the pressure from the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Great Pavilion Master, yet the Asura Battle Team only had five members on the stage. This made her look like a joke before Thousand Miles, Nine Dragons Emperor, and the Great Pavilion Master.

If the Asura Battle Team suffered utter defeat, her plans for Thunder Island would likely be finished as well.

Currently, the number of superpowers contesting over Thunder Island increased by the day. Meanwhile, the Great Pavilion Master disagreed with the idea of splitting the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s power in the contest. He believed that the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion and Phoenix Pavilion should work together to increase their chances of taking control of Thunder Island.

If her performance in the Dark Arena disappointed the Great Pavilion Master, the latter would hand the Phoenix Pavilion’s management rights to Nine Dragons Emperor.

She wouldn’t be in a favorable position.

“Give up?” Shi Feng chuckled. He more or less understood why Phoenix Rain had asked such a question. “Phoenix Pavilion Master, we haven’t given up. We just couldn’t find enough capable experts, so we had no choice but to send five people.”

Shi Feng wasn’t happy with the situation, either. However, he had no other choice.

When he had obtained the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest, it should’ve been a cause for celebration.

Unfortunately, none of them expected the strict conditions for opening the Treasure Chest. Even Shi Feng had been surprised.

Opening the Treasure Chest actually required 3,000 players.

The condition was very simple. One needed to send 3,000 players into the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest. These players would then have to clear the trials inside. The Treasure Chest would only open after all 3,000 players cleared their trials.

To ensure their success with opening the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest, Shi Feng had gathered every expert in the Guild, supplementing the missing numbers with the Guild’s top elite players.

However, he had never thought that, upon entering the chest, the players would be sent to separate trials. Moreover, players inside couldn’t contact those in the outside world. They couldn’t log out of the game, either. There were only two ways to leave the Treasure Chest.

The first method was to clear one’s trial.

The second was to wait for 48 hours. Once the time was up, players would be sent out of the Treasure Chest automatically. Unfortunately, if even one player failed their trial, they wouldn’t be able to open the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest…

Among those who entered the Treasure Chest, Shi Feng had performed the best. Even so, it had taken him over eight hours to clear his trial. While inside, he had fought many monsters, with each being stronger than the last. It felt as if the trial were pushing players to surpass their limits with each battle.

After Shi Feng, Violet Cloud, Fire Dance, Gentle Snow, and Alluring Summer emerged from the Treasure Chest, one after another. However, even Violet Cloud, who had been the fastest among the four, had needed over 14 hours to clear her trial, whereas Alluring Summer, who had been the slowest, had taken 16 hours. Everyone else was still stuck inside the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest…

As the competition in the Dark Arena was about to begin, Shi Feng had no choice but to led Violet Cloud and the others to the venue first.

While Shi Feng had considered looking for substitutes on the way here, he simply couldn’t think of anyone suitable for the role. Aside from his group of five, there wasn’t even one Level 40-plus expert player in the Guild; they were all trapped inside the Treasure Chest. If he brought anyone below Level 40 to the Dark Arena, they’d become a laughingstock.

Couldn’t find enough capable experts?

Phoenix Rain was speechless. She even began to wonder if Shi Feng was toying with her. However, seeing Shi Feng’s serious expression, the man should not be lying. It was quite possible that Shi Feng knew how powerful the Evil Dragon Battle Team was. If that were the case, it wasn’t unexpected that he couldn’t find enough people capable of challenging the battle team. Since they had no hope of winning the final two three-versus-three matches, there was no point in leading the rest of the members here. It was safer to bet everything they had on the first three matches.

“I understand. It will be alright if you don’t win this competition. I just hope that you don’t allow the Evil Dragon Battle Team to look down on the Asura Battle Team,” Phoenix Rain softly advised Shi Feng.

Although their chances of defeat were high, as long as they won two of the first three matches, their defeat would be glorious in the eyes of outsiders. At that time, she could better-explain herself to the Great Pavilion Master. As for achieving another complete victory…

In Phoenix Rain’s opinion, that was impossible.

There were two monster-like experts on the Evil Dragon Battle Team’s roster. They even had the Witch of the West holding down the fort. It would be a miracle if the Asura Battle Team weren’t utterly annihilated.