Chapter 1150 - Absolute Combat Power Control

Chapter 1150 – Absolute Combat Power Control

As Phoenix Rain tried to console him, Shi Feng realized that she had definitely misunderstood something.

However, he also wasn’t in a good position to explain the situation.

After all, he could not reveal why he hadn’t found any suitable fighters.

The Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest was of utmost importance. Although it might not make him the enemy of every Guild in the game like the City Building Order would, super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds would dispatch a large number of experts to steal the Treasure Chest. The various superpowers would repeatedly assassinate Zero Wing’s upper echelons.

“This is the latest information I’ve gathered about the Evil Dragon Battle Team. Take a look,” Phoenix Raid said before forwarding the files she had received from Blue Phoenix to Shi Feng.

Although they hadn’t uncovered much information about the enemy battle team’s members due to time constraints, it could still help Shi Feng form a proper strategy for the competition.

Hasn’t Miracle invested a little too much into this competition?!

Shi Feng was speechless after looking through the files.

It would’ve been fine if Miracle only sent the Sword Freak, Miracle Dragon. However, Shi Feng hadn’t expected Miracle to dispatch the Assassin Starstreak, who wielded the title Speed Star. Both players were bona fide monster-like experts.

However, the name on the Evil Dragon Battle Team’s roster that confused Shi Feng the most had to be the Witch of the West, Alice.

Everyone in the virtual gaming world recognized the title the Witch of the West. Currently, the Witch ranked 21st on the God’s Domain Experts List.

The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Martial Dragon was known as an absolute genius that only appeared once a decade. Before even reaching the age of thirty, Martial Dragon had grasped a Domain. Meanwhile, based on what Shi Feng knew, Alice held the record for the youngest person to grasp a Domain. Many Super Guilds had attempted to recruit Alice. In the end, however, Miracle had paid a high price for her membership.

Aside from Miracle’s core upper echelons, no one knew exactly what conditions the Witch of the West had demanded.

After Alice had joined God’s Domain, despite the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion trying its best to uncover information about her, the Pavilion had only managed to find minor, irrelevant facts. The only crucial information they discovered was that, shortly after God’s Domain had launched, Alice had successfully killed three of the Secret Pavilion’s apex experts in a row.

After that incident, the Secret Pavilion had pushed Alice to the 21st position on the God’s Domain Experts List. The Secret Pavilion had only provided a brief explanation of the battle that day. The Pavilion had not released any concrete information or battle videos. Many apex experts had been displeased and felt that the Secret Pavilion’s judgment had been biased. These experts all rushed to challenge Alice.

However, these challenges’ outcomes had silenced any objections. Many of these people had even decided to join Miracle afterward. The situation had sparked many Super Guilds’ curiosity.

Although Shi Feng did not know what had happened, he knew that the Witch of the West was extremely frightening.

In the past, the Witch of the West had been most well-known for her absolute combat power control. It was a unique combat technique that had been tailored for Alice.

In the past, one had been considered an ordinary expert if they could exert 50% of their total combat power. As for second-rate experts, they were capable of exerting at least 60% of their combat power. First-rate experts could exert 70%, top-tier experts could exert 80%, peak experts could exert over 85%, and apex experts could exert over 90% of their combat power.

Meanwhile, the Witch of the West could display 100% of her total combat power!

Even Domain Realm experts would struggle to reach such heights…

With these three great experts on the Evil Dragon Battle Team, it was no wonder why Phoenix Rain doubted that the Asura Battle Team had any chance of victory.

While Shi Feng plotted a strategy to deal with the enemy roster, the system announced both teams’ rosters to the audience.

“Crap, the Sword Freak is here! I’ve been one of his loyal fans for a long time!”

“Is the Evil Dragon Battle Team holding an all-star competition?”

“Sword Freak, Speed Star, Witch of the West…”

“No wonder why the Asura Battle Team only sent five people! They must’ve given up, knowing that they’d lose for sure! What a bunch of cowards! They aren’t even putting up a fight!”

…

The audience gasped in shock when they saw the Evil Dragon Battle Team’s roster.

Although they had already heard rumors that Miracle now supported the battle team, they had never imagined that the super-first-rate Guild would provide so much support.

The crowd could not help but shiver with excitement when they saw the names on the Evil Dragon Battle Team’s roster. Compared to the Evil Dragon Battle Team, the previous teams were simply weaklings.

“Uncle Yuan, has Miracle lost its mind? It actually sent so many of its peak experts.” Purple Jade frowned when she saw the Evil Dragon Battle Team’s roster.

The various Super Guilds were treating the Dark Arena like a playground. They would not take the competitions here seriously and expose their experts’ strengths.

However, the combatants that Miracle had dispatched spoke volumes of how seriously the Guild took the Dark Arena.

It was likely that only teams with the backing of super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds had any chance of contending with the Evil Dragon Battle Team. Other Guild and major corporation battle teams shouldn’t even consider taking a team like that down.

“Jade, don’t forget that the Mind Space System has officially activated. Miracle is most likely growing restless and trying to obtain as many resources as it can as quickly as possible. As the Dark Arena takes shape, it’s becoming an excellent source of income. Miracle will start taking the competitions here seriously,” Yuan Tiexin said. Miracle’s actions hadn’t surprised him in the least. “It’s unfortunate that Zero Wing still doesn’t have enough experts and can’t participate in a competition of this level yet.

“However, at least we have not wasted our trip since we’ll get to watch a few interesting matches and gain a deeper understanding of the Evil Dragon Battle Team.”

…

Meanwhile, inside a VIP room on the second floor…

Over a dozen people lounged in the VIP room, and every one of them was Level 41 or above. Among them, the tall, mighty man in the lead was a Level 42 Berserker and carried a pitch-black greatsword across his back.

If Shi Feng saw this man, he would recognize this Level 42 Berserker as Everlasting War. Sitting around Everlasting War were the Glorious Lions’ reserve members. They all gaped as they stared at the roster over the stage.

“Vice Team Leader, we specifically came all the way here to watch the Asura Battle Team in action, but at this rate, won’t the Evil Dragon Battle Team annihilate Asura?”

“That’s right. If the Evil Dragon Battle Team secures a complete victory, our Glorious Lions’ reputation will plummet since the Asura Battle Team defeated us.”

“Alright, enough. We’re simply here to watch the competition. If the Asura Battle Team is utterly defeated, this can only mean that they aren’t improving fast enough. In that case, we simply need to defeat the Evil Dragon Battle Team to redeem ourselves.”

Everlasting War strictly reprimanded his team after hearing the reserve members’ concerns.

The Glorious Lions had suffered a complete defeat against the Asura Battle Team. Losing that competition had dealt Everlasting War a massive mental blow. He had never imagined that Shi Feng and the others would be so powerful.

Since then, he had finally understood that there was always someone better. In the past, he and his team members were too ignorant and thought of themselves as experts. Henceforth, they had trained desperately and improved themselves.

Today, he and his team had come to gain a proper understanding of the Asura Battle Team. Unfortunately, they hadn’t expected the battle team to be so outmatched.

Deep down, though, Everlasting War still hoped that the Asura Battle Team would win. With this, defeating the Asura Battle Team in a future rematch would have more meaning.

…

Below the stage, in the Evil Dragon Battle Team’s resting area…

Miracle Dragon glanced at the Asura Battle Team’s roster before turning to look at the distant Shi Feng. When he noticed the Swordsman’s calm expression, he could not help his disappointment.

“And here I thought that he would be a formidable rival. Now, it seems he’s just a coward,” Miracle Dragon said contemptuously. “March, I’ll let you arrange the match-ups. There’s no reason to take an opponent that has already surrendered seriously.”

“Understood. Since they are sending an Elementalist into the first match, I’ll volunteer to fight,” Silent March suggested.

“Fine. However, I forbid you from messing around too much. Just toy with the opponent a little. Do not expose too much of your strength. We need to ensure that we’ll progress towards challenging the host,” Miracle Dragon instructed.

Silent March nodded in response. She then walked up the stage.