Chapter 1156 - Inborn Witch

Chapter 1156 – Inborn Witch

Although Shi Feng had not spoken loudly, every word he said made everyone present shudder involuntarily.

Particularly, the members of the Evil Dragon Battle Team, who had thought that they were already at the cusp of victory, now wore stiff expressions on their faces.

“He must’ve deliberately said those words to disrupt Alice’s and Starstreak’s mental states. Does he really take us for fools?”

“Since they’re too weak, they can only use small tricks like these to have any hopes of winning.”

“That’s right. It’s a pity that their opponents this time are Alice and Starstreak. Even if what he said is true, it won’t change the outcome of this match.”

“He’s just bluffing. Let’s see how Alice will take care of them in a moment.”

…

None of the Evil Dragon Battle Team members believed Shi Feng’s words. They all began laughing in ridicule as they looked at Shi Feng and Violet Cloud.

Is it really a bluff?

Unlike his teammates, however, Miracle Dragon continued scrutinizing Shi Feng. However, even after observing the Swordsman for some time, he did not discover any awkwardness on Shi Feng’s face. On the contrary, Shi Feng’s eyes were practically glowing with confidence. Seeing this convinced Miracle Dragon that the Swordsman’s words were true.

If Shi Feng was telling the truth and that Death’s Sigh was actually a weapon meant for Clerics, then the current Violet Cloud was definitely a very threatening Cleric.

However, even after coming to this conclusion, Miracle Dragon did not bother doing anything. He only smiled as he silently watched the timer above the stage count down slowly.

Everything was just as Alice said.

Violet Cloud might be a threat in this match, but she wouldn’t be able to control its outcome.

If the Asura Battle Team really thought they could win this match, then they were seriously underestimating the Miracle Guild.

…

When only five seconds remained on the timer, Alice and Starstreak, who had been motionless all this while, suddenly moved.

Alice directly chose to distance herself over 30 yards away from Shi Feng and Violet Cloud. Meanwhile, Starstreak circled around to Violet Cloud’s side; his motive could not be any more obvious—to kill Violet Cloud first.

When Alice was 35 yards away, she took out a crimson, wooden staff, which had a crimson flame burning at its tip, the flame looking just like an eye that could see through everything. The moment this staff appeared, fire-type Mana began massing rampantly around Alice, the Mana casting a faint, red glow around the Elementalist. At this moment, it was as if Alice had become the Goddess of Fire.

“Although I don’t know whether your words are true or not, the fact that you’ve exposed your trump card so soon will only lead to your miserable defeat.” After Alice completed her preparations, she smiled faintly at Shi Feng. Right as she finished speaking, the timer above the battlefield hit zero.

At the same time, Alice began chanting. Although she was only double casting right now, her chanting and writing speeds were much faster than Silent March’s.

In the blink of an eye, a massive, crimson magic array appeared before Alice. A tornado of flames then emerged from the magic array and extended rapidly towards Shi Feng and Violet Cloud. At the same time, a gigantic, dark blue magic array formed beneath the Swordsman’s and the Cleric’s feet, freezing the ground beneath them completely. Ice-cold fog then rose from the ground, enveloping a radius of 15 yards.

This scene stupefied the audience members.

“This is the Witch of the West? She is simply a monster!” Blue Phoenix’s eyes were wide open as she stared at the stage, her heart twinging with helplessness like never before.

The two Spells Alice displayed were the Tier 1 Curse Torrent of Flames and the Tier 1 Curse Freezing Fog.

Although both these Spells were extraordinarily powerful, they were extremely difficult to learn. Moreover, their casting times were also considerably long. Blue Phoenix herself needed around three seconds to cast either of those Spells. In a PvP match between experts, these Spells were simply too impractical.

Nevertheless, despite double-casting two Curses, Alice had managed to complete them in less than two seconds. This casting speed was unbelievable.

“As expected of the Witch of the West. To think she has managed to grasp even the technique to double-cast Tier 1 Curses!” Phoenix Rain wore a grim expression as she looked at Shi Feng and Violet Cloud, who were about to face an assault from ice and flames.

Magical class players were generally countered by speed-based classes due to their weak melee capabilities and long casting times.

However, in their research into the combat techniques of God’s Domain, the various superpowers had discovered a technique to shorten the casting time of Spells—speed-casting—which even allowed some higher-tiered Spells to be cast instantaneously.

In God’s Domain, the purpose of chanting incantations and writing runes was to assist in forming an accurate magic array and hasten the gathering of Mana for a Spell. The higher the accuracy of a magic array, the higher the completion rate of the Spell cast. Meanwhile, the higher the completion rate of a Spell, the greater the power said Spell could display. At 50% Skill Completion Rate, the system would determine a Skill to be effective and allow its activation.

Hence, as long as players managed to visualize a sufficiently accurate magic array in their minds, they could still use a Spell successfully, even without chanting or writing. Only, the higher-tiered a Spell was, the more complex its magic array would be—which naturally made imaging the magic array in one’s mind more difficult. If one wished to accomplish this, they needed to go through a long adaptation process.

Meanwhile, speed-casting was a technique that required players to form a prototype mental magic array of sorts while using incantations and runes to compensate for the imperfections in the magic array. By doing so, players could save up on plenty of time.

Although the principle sounded very simple, in actual practice, the technique was extremely challenging, not to mention applying it in double-casting. This was no longer a feat that was achievable through hard work.

Fortunately for Alice, she was wielding the Fire God’s Eye, which Phoenix Rain had been hoping to obtain all this time.

The Fire God’s Eye had a passive effect that improved the Skill Completion Rate of fire-type Spells by 5% and other types of Spells by 3%. While this increase might seem very small, it could allow Elementalists that were still a step away from grasping speed-casting to grasp the technique, raising their combat power to a whole new level.

At the same time as Alice launched her attack, Starstreak had entered Stealth and was waiting for an opportunity to land a fatal blow on Violet Cloud.

Ice-Fire Domain? She’s using her trademark move right off the bat?

The corners of Shi Feng’s mouth twitched as he looked at the approaching tornado of flames.

The Ice-Fire Domain was Alice’s trademark. She would first use ice-type Spells to restrict her opponent’s movements, then follow up by attacking with a large-scale, fire-type Spell. The combination of these two opposing elements would amplify the power of both Spells exponentially.

When she used this move against an MT of the same level, even if said MT had activated a Lifesaving Skill, they would either die instantly or have most of their HP taken away.

“It’s up to you now,” Shi Feng said softly as he looked at Violet Cloud.

Nodding, Violet Cloud began twirling the scythe in her hands while chanting an incantation.

Boom!

When the tornado of flames came into contact with the icy fog, like a keg of gunpowder coming into contact with fire, a massive explosion ensued, releasing a torrent of blue and crimson Mana.

Even Alice, who stood quite a distance away, had her mage robes blown back by the resulting shockwave. As for Starstreak, who was relatively close to the epicenter of the explosion, he nearly got swept off his feet.

The power of the attack greatly surpassed that of a Tier 1 Curse.

The explosion engulfed everything within 20 yards of Shi Feng and Violet Cloud, the range of the attack surpassing even that of Alice’s Freezing Fog. This range could already rival that of a large-scale destruction Spell.