Chapter 1157 - Speed Contest

Chapter 1157 – Speed Contest

As the explosion came to a roaring end, the rampant Mana also gradually began to dissipate. Meanwhile, the might of Alice’s Ice-Fire Domain had stupefied the many experts present.

Everybody capable of taking part in the Dark Arena was someone of high status and position. Among them, there was no lack of powerful experts from large Guilds.

At this moment, however, every one of these experts had their breaths taken away by the Witch of the West, particularly those magical class experts, who even found themselves gasping for air when they witnessed this scene.

“Spell…Combination!”

“This is too amazing! It’s a true Spell Combination! Someone has actually managed to turn theory into reality!”

“So this is the Witch of the West?”

…

At this moment, the magical class players present could not help but want to rewatch the earlier scene several hundred times.

Double speed-casting was already plenty amazing. However, using it as a base, the Witch of the West had displayed an even stronger ability, and that was Spell Combination. This was a peak technique that countless magical class players dreamed of bringing off.

In God’s Domain, the sight of melee classes combining the Strength of their attacks was no longer rare.

However, the difficulty of superpositioning two different types of Spells was much much greater than that of stacking the Strength of melee attacks. The reason for this was, firstly, players had less control over their Spells than over their bodies. Secondly, one’s grasp of timing needed to be extremely accurate. Due to these two reasons, Spell Combination was deemed to be an impossible technique.

Yet, now, the Witch of the West had displayed that technique before everybody.

…

“Isn’t she a little too strong? If she’s grasped Spell Combination, no player in the same tier can match her.” Cloud Yarn was filled with shock as she looked at Alice, who was standing proudly on the stage right now.

The other members of the Midnight Tea Party agreed with Cloud Yarn’s words.

From the destructive power they saw, they could tell that the effect of Spell Combination was much stronger than that of Strength-stacking. Even just the combination of two ordinary Tier 1 Spells resulted in a power that could rival that of a Tier 2 Spell.

Being able to cast Tier 2 Spells as a Tier 1 player would provide one with an overwhelming advantage over others, not to mention being capable of combining two Tier 1 Curses together. Anyone who did not possess a Defensive Skill that provided invulnerability would be killed instantly.

“What a pity.” Endless Scars could not help but sigh as she took another look at the Asura Battle Team.

Her view of the battle was mostly the same as her teammates’. However, unlike them, she did not consider Alice invincible among those of the same tier. At the very least, among the experts she knew, there were many that could contend against Alice. One of the said experts was none other than the Sword King Black Flame, whom she had met just recently. Unfortunately, Black Flame was not participating in this competition. Otherwise, there would definitely be an interesting fight to watch if the two of them fought.

…

Just as everyone believed that the Asura Battle Team’s members had already been killed and was waiting for the system to announce the victors, two vague figures appeared standing amid the scattering smoke.

“They managed to survive even that?”

Everyone could not help but grow confused. Even an MT with their Lifesaving Skill activated would most likely die when going up against that kind of destructive power, not to mention a Swordsman and a Cleric, which were inferior to MTs when it came to HP and Defense.

The instant Violet Cloud’s figure emerged, Starstreak, who had been looking for an opportunity to strike all this time, activated Shadow Steps and dove straight into the smoke clouds. He then stabbed his pitch-black dagger at the back of the petite figure before him.

Starstreak completed the entire process like flowing water. He made no sound whatsoever as he moved, and included no excess movements in his actions.

Immediately, the pitch-black dagger struck at Violet Cloud at a speed invisible to the naked eye.

Ambush!

Dang!

Sparks flew into the surroundings as the clangor of metal clashing resounded throughout the stage.

Amid the little sparks, one could faintly see a longsword wrapped in blue lightning holding back the advance of Starstreak’s pitch-black dagger.

He blocked it?

Starstreak was inwardly surprised.

However, as a peak expert, he would not fall back just because one of his attacks failed to land.

He promptly adjusted his previous strategy as he flipped the silver dagger in his left hand into a reverse grip. In the next moment, the silver dagger began emitting cold air. He then activated the Epic ranked Frost Tooth’s strongest Skill, Frost Burst, at Shi Feng and Violet Cloud.

Frost Burst was a Skill that dealt a large amount of ice-type damage in a fan-shaped area before the user. At the same time, the Skill would also freeze all creatures within the affected area for five seconds. Even if one used a Control Removal Skill, they would still be affected by Frost Burst’s other effect, which reduced the Movement Speed and Attack Speed of all enemies within a 20-yard radius for 10 seconds. With this, Starstreak would have an absolute advantage throughout the Skill’s duration.

Boom!

The space before Starstreak immediately turned into a world of frost.

Following which, he used Absolute Strike and struck at Violet Cloud once more.

Peng!

However, before he could reach his target, Starstreak, who had transformed into a streak of shadow, found himself stopped without warning. It was as if his entire person had crashed into a wall.

What’s going on?

Starstreak was thoroughly bewildered.

At this moment, there was actually an invisible wall before him. Meanwhile, not only had this invisible wall stopped his Absolute Strike, but even the Ice Burst he used before had been blocked; both Shi Feng and Violet Cloud were completely unharmed.

In the next moment, the invisible wall shattered, and a blue sword light suddenly struck at Starstreak. The link between the two processes was simply perfect, giving Starstreak practically no time to react.

Peng!

In the nick of time, Starstreak managed to move a dagger into the path of the blue sword light.

However, as soon as Starstreak stopped this sword light, several more followed in rapid succession, every one of them targeted at the Assassin’s weak points.

What fast swordsmanship!

Starstreak hurriedly brandished his two daggers to fend off the onslaught. Each time he repulsed an attack, it felt like a hammer pounding his arms, the resulting vibrations inflicting pain.

Meanwhile, watching the numerous sword lights interweaving with one another, the audience was dazzled by what they saw.

Everyone could only see the afterimages of the hands of both sides. They could not see the swords and daggers clashing against one another at all. The speed of the battle had everyone holding their breath.

In the blink of an eye, dozens of attacks had been exchanged. If Starstreak was careless for even a moment, he would definitely get hit.

How are his attacks so fast?

After receiving dozens of attacks, Starstreak was confounded.

Frost Burst could reduce the speed of all enemies within 20 yards, yet the speed of Shi Feng’s attacks did not seem to have been affected whatsoever.

If not for Starstreak being an Agility-based Assassin, Shi Feng’s attacks would’ve struck him by now.

However, what Starstreak did not know was that the opponent he currently faced was a Level 49 Swordsman equipped with the Level 50 Magic Light Set Equipment as well as a Fragmented Legendary item. If not for Shi Feng’s speed having been reduced, he would’ve long since defeated Starstreak in their contest of speed.

Seeing as Shi Feng had already secured the advantage, Starstreak had no other choice but to activate his Berserk Skill. Once he activated his Berserk Skill, he intended to force back Shi Feng and open a distance between them to prevent the Swordsman from furthering his assault. Then, he would look for an opportunity to strike. After all, an Assassin did not have many advantages against a Swordsman in a frontal clash.

With this in mind, right when their weapons were about to clash once more, Starstreak activated his Berserk Skill, Phantom, his Strength and speed soaring by a large margin. In the next instant, both his daggers abruptly struck at the Killing Ray in Shi Feng’s hand.

Peng!

Starstreak felt like he had just attacked a steel wall, both his hands aching from the resulting vibrations.

In contrast, the arm Shi Feng used to swing Killing Ray only trembled slightly.

Impossible!

Starstreak was stunned.