Chapter 1158 - Different Level Of Competition

Chapter 1158 – Different Level of Competition

Starstreak knew full well the pros and cons of his Berserk Skill, Phantom.

However, even though Phantom provided only a 50% increase to his Strength, which was lower than what some other Berserk Skills provided, when combined with his equipment, even repulsing a Berserker of the same level was child’s play to him.

Yet, now, even such a huge boost to his Strength did next to nothing to change the result of his clash with Shi Feng.

Thinking up to this point, Starstreak suddenly came up with an incredible thought—Shi Feng had not been going all-out at all during their previous clashes.

As for the possibility of Shi Feng having activated a Berserk Skill as well, it was simply impossible. Berserk Skills would manifest on a player’s body one way or another when activated. Moreover, the strength of a player’s aura would also increase.

Currently, however, Shi Feng showed no such signs. Hence, the only possibility was that Shi Feng had been hiding his strength.

Thinking up to this point, Starstreak could not help but shudder.

Shi Feng’s Basic Attributes were actually so high that he could hold his ground even after Starstreak had activated his Berserk Skill.

Although Starstreak had only briefly fallen into shock, this duration was enough for peak experts like Shi Feng to land a killing blow.

“Disappear!”

Illusory Shadow!

Six blue sword lights struck at Starstreak from six different angles.

Starstreak instinctively defended himself with his daggers. However, the instant his daggers came into contact with the sword lights, his complexion immediately darkened.

The sword lights had actually moved through his daggers unhindered.

It was as if these sword lights were phantoms that did not possess a physical body.

Just as the six sword lights were about to land on Starstreak’s body, the Assassin gnashed his teeth and reluctantly used Vanish. His entire person then disappeared from everyone’s sight. The brief invulnerability provided by Vanish also neutralized the six sword lights.

After disappearing, Starstreak did not retreat. Instead, he chose to launch another assault. This time, he used the ultimate move of the Epic dagger he wielded with his other hand, Tooth Blade.

Three phantoms suddenly appeared around Shi Feng: a white eagle, a hungry wolf, and a black bear.

Starstreak and the three phantoms then attacked Shi Feng from four different directions.

At the same time, Starstreak himself remained in Stealth, so Shi Feng could not see what exactly he was doing.

Vanish was a Lifesaving Skill that forcibly placed one into a Stealth state for three seconds. During these three seconds, so long as one did not do anything, they would remain in a forced Stealth state. In other words, not only could Vanish be used to escape, but it could also be used to attack.

A majority of the information a human received from their surroundings came from one’s vision. Hence, it was extremely difficult for one to defend against an attack that they could not see, not to mention doing so while receiving other attacks. One’s vision would automatically shift their brain’s focus towards the things that they could see, and this only made it even more difficult for one to defend against an attack that they could not see.

Dang… Dang… Dang…

A series of metal clashing sounds echoed throughout the battlefield.

What decisiveness!

Starstreak’s mouth twitched as he looked at the completely unscathed Swordsman before him.

The instant he launched his attack, Shi Feng had activated Defensive Blade without hesitation, preventing Starstreak from doing any damage whatsoever.

However, this was also a good outcome as Shi Feng no longer possessed any Lifesaving Skills.

Furthermore, Starstreak’s Tooth Blade Skill had a duration of ten seconds. He could definitely finish off Shi Feng during this period.

On the other side, Alice had also begun chanting an incantation. With a light wave of her staff, over a dozen Ice Arrows and Fireballs appeared around Alice. She then sent the attacks flying at Shi Feng and Violet Cloud.

At this moment, Violet Cloud was also done chanting her own incantation as she slammed the butt of Death’s Sigh on the ground.

Immediately, over a hundred pitch-black blades appeared around Violet Cloud, densely circulating around her body.

This scene instantly stunned everyone in the arena.

“How can this be?!” Endless Scars’s eyes widened, her mind utterly confused as she looked at the scythe in Violet Cloud’s hands. “Could that possibly be the real deal?”

According to the ancient book she read, these hundred-plus dark blades should be the manifestation of Shadow Rage, the strongest Skill of Death’s Sigh.

The only thing different was that the information recorded regarding Shadow Rage stated that it would summon thousands of shadow blades when activated, each one possessing the power to heavily injure even Tier 5 monsters. When these blades were concentrated, they could slay even Gods.

Just as Endless Scars was entertaining such thoughts, Violet Cloud controlled the shadow blades to counter the approaching Ice Spears and Fireballs. She also sent some to attack Starstreak.

Upon seeing this, Starstreak immediately panicked. He hurriedly controlled his three phantom beasts to defend him from the oncoming shadow blades.

Dang… Dang… Dang…

The power packed within the shadow blades was massive. Even when Alice combined the power of the Ice Spears and Fireballs, the Spells had only managed to slow down the speed of the shadow blades and weaken their power slightly. The blades still proceeded to fly towards Alice after shattering the Elementalist’s Spells.

Meanwhile, on Starstreak’s side, despite him having activated his Berserk Skill already, he just barely managed to defend against the shadow blades with the help of his three phantom beasts. However, every shadow blade he blocked numbed his arms. His HP also decreased by over 200 each time.

On the other hand, Alice was brimming with excitement rather than feeling anxious. Waving the Fire God’s Eye, she suddenly formed a massive, crimson magic array before her.

Just as the shadow blades were about to land on Alice’s body, the ground in front of her suddenly shattered. A flaming hand then emerged from the fissure and blocked all the oncoming shadow blades.

Following which, the fissure on the ground grew steadily larger. Shortly after, another hand emerged from it, the two hands appearing as if they were trying to rend the ground and clamber up.

“How can this be? She can summon the Flame King all by herself?” Phoenix Rain was deeply shocked as she looked at the flame giant, which was slowly climbing into the stage right now.

The reason why she wanted to obtain the Fire God’s Eye was not just its ability to improve the Completion Rate of Spells. More importantly, it could summon the Flame Monarch from Hell.

However, summoning the Flame Monarch required a large amount of Mana—roughly ten magical class players’ Mana.

If she had the Flame Monarch’s strength, claiming two monster encampments on Thunder Island would not be impossible. Meanwhile, the fact that Alice had managed to summon the Flame Monarch by relying on only her own power was simply inconceivable for Phoenix Rain.

…

The appearance of the Flame King made the audience members gasp.

–

[Flame Monarch] (Elemental Creature, Grand Lord)

Level 65

HP 60,000,000/60,000,000

–

Now that the Evil Dragon Battle Team had summoned a Level 65 Grand Lord to assist them, there was no longer a need to continue this match.

Not to mention two experts, even twenty experts would be cannon fodder when going up against a Level 65 Grand Lord.

As a matter of fact, regardless of how Violet Cloud tried to attack Alice using her shadow blades, the Flame Monarch blocked all her attacks without any difficulty. The Grand Lord was like an indestructible wall.

“That move of yours really is amazing. I never thought that I would have to use this trump card of mine. However, this match is as good as over now. Although the Flame King I summoned isn’t in its completed form, it still possesses the strength of a Grand Lord. You two have no chance of winning. You might as well give up now.” At this moment, Alice’s complexion was slightly pale. As for her Mana, not a single point remained at the moment. However, the pride in her eyes was unwavering. “Flame Monarch, show them your strength!”

At Alice’s order, the Flame Monarch roared, its voice echoing throughout the arena.

Immediately after, the air on the stage began steaming as columns of fire shot up from the ground. The columns of fire then transformed into massive fireballs, their numbers reaching 36. Every fireball was the size of a house. One could just imagine what kind of scene would occur when these massive fireballs landed on the ground.

The audience members felt their scalps tingling when they saw these fireballs.

How was this a fight between players? It was more appropriate to call this a battle between NPCs. Compared to the usual PvP matches, this match was on an entirely different level.

“Alright, time to end this!” Alice then pointed at Shi Feng and Violet Cloud.

Suddenly, the 36 massive fireballs descended on the duo.