Chapter 1168 - Dark Auction

Chapter 1168 – Dark Auction

“Is there a problem?” Shi Feng asked the female receptionist.

“No, the amount is just a little too high for me to handle. I’ll have to ask my superiors before I can transfer the resources,” the receptionist said, smiling bitterly.

The amount of resources recorded on the ticket Shi Feng produced was frightening.

There were usually many bets placed in the Dark Arena, and it was not uncommon to see players gamble several hundred or even over a thousand weapons, equipment, rare materials, and tools. However, Shi Feng’s wager was completely outside of the norm. Just the Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment he had bet numbered more than 300…

Various large Guilds’ mainstream equipment was still Level 35. Level 40 weapons and equipment were still rare, much less Level 40 Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment. Normally, Guilds let their experts use these items. Very few Guilds would be willing to gamble these items.

In this competition, although there were quite a few first-rate Guilds that had Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment, they had only bet around twenty to thirty pieces at most. Even then, it was considered an extravagance. Overall, the majority of the Guilds’ wagers were Level 35 weapons and equipment, tools, and rare materials.

Most importantly, Shi Feng had bet on the Asura Battle Team’s complete victory. The Dark Arena had to compensate him with nine times the resources he had bet.

According to the Dark Arena’s rules, players would get priority over resources of the same rank when claiming their winnings.

In other words, if a player had bet Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment, once the competition was over and said player collected their winnings, the Dark Arena would give that player the Level 40 Dark-Gold equipment that had been wagered on the losing team. Only when the Dark Arena was out of Level 40 Dark-Gold equipment would it compensate the player with items of a lower rank.

Meanwhile, this competition was unusual. Rather than relying on the system, the Dark Arena’s host was the bookkeeper. As a result, the bets did not follow the natural payout rates, which resulted in an unbalanced payout ratio. If the bets on the losing battle team were not enough to cover the bets placed on the winning battle team, the host would have to cover the rest.

Shi Feng had bet over 300 Level 40 Dark-Gold Weapons and pieces of Equipment. In other words, the Dark Arena had to pay him over 2,700 Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment. Shi Feng was also going to redeem over 7,000 Level 40 Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment…

He was definitely going to wring the host dry.

With so many weapons and equipment, one could easily arm a legion of 1,000 Level 40 experts and have plenty to spare.

Even the Dark Arena’s host couldn’t collect so many items within a short time.

As the Dark Arena, there was a minimum requirement of the quality of the items wagered. For example, Level 35 Secret-Silver Equipment would not be accepted. The bare minimum was Level 35 Fine-Gold Weapons or Equipment. The same was true for rare materials and tools.

Although many had bet on the Evil Dragon Battle Team, there were still a few players who had bet on the Asura Battle Team’s complete victory. In fact, one person had even gambled an Epic item. After considering all of the bets, the remaining resources would not be enough to pay off Shi Feng’s claim.

After a moment, the receptionist finally received feedback from her superiors. Turning to Shi Feng, the receptionist awkwardly reported, “Sir, as your wager was somewhat large, so we aren’t able to transfer all of the required resources within a short period. Aside from resources of the same rank, may I know if you are willing to accept a portion of the payment in Coins or Magic Crystals?”

“That’s fine. I’ll take payment in both Coins and Magic Crystals.” Shi Feng nodded.

He was not particularly surprised by this outcome. The host had set the payout rates too high. Even if a lot of people had gambled on the Evil Dragon Battle Team winning, there were bound to be a few who tested their luck. It was only natural that the host was in a predicament. After all, it was not that easy to procure top-tier resources. Even Super Guilds were not immune to the difficulty.

In fact, the only reason he had so many items lying around was thanks to Pantheon, Blackwater, and Heaven’s Burial. If he had not trapped and killed so many of their expert and elite players, he wouldn’t have been able to collect so many items, either. After all, when he placed items of such rank in the Guild Warehouse, Guild members traded in their GCPs very quickly.

Unless, of course, the host was willing to let their own Guild experts go naked. Obviously, this was impossible.

Afterward, Shi Feng had Fire Dance and the others transport his winnings.

In total, Shi Feng had won tens of thousands of weapons, equipment, tools, and rare materials. Even his own bag space couldn’t hold that many items.

“Guild Leader, did you just rob the Dark Arena’s warehouse?” Fire Dance was breathless as she looked weapons and equipment in her bag.

If it were simply Common Weapons and Equipment, she wouldn’t have said anything. Even the most inferior item was a piece of Level 35 Fine-Gold Equipment…

“Our harvest is even greater than when we annihilated the Blackwater army. With this, our Guild won’t have to worry about weapons and equipment for some time.” Gentle Snow’s eyes shone as she looked at Shi Feng’s winnings. “With these weapons and equipment, our Guild can start expanding again.”

Weapons and equipment were a Guild’s foundation.

To develop a Guild, one first needed to develop the Guild’s weapon and equipment supply. Currently, Guilds’ main sources for weapons and equipment were powerful Field Bosses and large-scale Team Dungeons. This was also why the various large Guilds needed experts. Without experts taking the lead, it would be very difficult for elite and ordinary players to kill powerful monsters or raid difficult Team Dungeons.

However, what Gentle Snow did not know was that their harvest from the Dark Arena not only helped prepare Zero Wing for its next expansion, but it also covered their construction fees for upgrading Stone Forest Town to Intermediate rank.

Next, Shi Feng simply needed to pay the construction fees and NPCs would begin rebuilding Stone Forest Town according to the Grandmaster Town Design.

“Transport these items back to the Guild for now. I’ll go and participate in the auction.” When Shi Feng glanced at the time, he noticed there were less than ten minutes before the Dark Auction began. It would be a huge loss to miss out.

Moreover, Shi Feng had just obtained 420,000 Magic Crystals and 50,000 Gold Coins from the host. He had practically emptied the host’s pockets.

Following which, Shi Feng hurried to the auction venue.

The Dark Auction was known as one of the largest auctions in God’s Domain. There were always a plethora of items up for auction, and every one of them was of excellent quality. Even Fragmented Legendary items had been for sale in the past. Although many large Guilds wanted to participate, it was extremely difficult to do so.

The minimum requirement to attend the Dark Auction had been the same to enter the Dark Arena in the past. Moreover, each invitation was limited to one person. One could not bring guests.

Of course, these rules hadn’t been implemented yet. Any player that had received an invitation to the Dark Arena could take part.

As soon as Shi Feng reached the Underground Arena’s top floor, he noticed a sea of people. There were more than double the number of players who had watched the competition. Upper echelons from Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds that had not been in the audience had arrived here.

As Shi Feng searched a place to sit, a familiar voice came from behind him.

“Ye Feng?”

When Shi Feng heard this voice, he could not help but turn towards its source.

Immediately, he noticed Autumn Goose. She had already risen to Level 41 and wore silver armor trimmed in red. Standing beside Autumn Goose was the Wind God’s Spear’s commander, Fallen Wind. The man had already reached Level 42. His level was quite eye-catching as he stood among the crowd.

A glamorous beauty stood next to these two. The woman wore deep-red leather armor and had a tattered and broken sword hanging from her waist. Although she had hidden her level with her Black Cloak, one could easily tell she was a first-class Assassin based on her sharp aura.

Moreover, Shi Feng was very familiar with this beauty’s face. Almost every superpower in God’s Domain knew the woman’s nickname.

She was Arrogance, one of the Flower of Seven Sins’ Seven Sins!