Chapter 1169 - Legacy Item

Chapter 1169 – Legacy Item

They actually know each other?

Shi Feng was a little surprised to see these three walking together.

He had never imagined that the Wind God’s Spear would have a connection with the Flower of Seven Sins…

The Flower of Seven Sins was an organization that not even Super Guilds dared to provoke. Meanwhile, within the organization, the most famous players were none other than the Seven Sins. The peerless beauty standing before him wielded the title Arrogance—Hidden Soul!

In the past, the Flower of Seven Sins had been hired to assassinate a Super Guild’s Guild Leader. Eventually, the organization completed the task. Meanwhile, Hidden Soul was among those who took part in the assassination.

A Super Guild’s Guild Leader was extraordinarily strong. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have risen to that position in the first place. In addition, a large group of peak experts usually followed these Guild Leaders, making assassinations nearly impossible, yet the Flower of Seven Sins had succeeded.

Due to that incident, Hidden Soul’s fame had skyrocketed. That incident had shocked the entire virtual gaming world.

Noticing Autumn Goose’s excitement, Hidden Soul glanced at Shi Feng before asking softly, “Autumn, is he an acquaintance?”

At this moment, Shi Feng wore a Black Cloak, so she couldn’t check his level. However, the fact that the man had been allowed into the Dark Auction House proved his status.

“Mhm. Ye Feng is the expert we told you about before. If not for his help, our Wind God’s Spear would’ve suffered tremendously,” Autumn Goose nodded.

“That’s right. If not for Brother Ye Feng lending a hand, we would’ve been trapped inside the Trial of God,” Fallen Wind said.

“So, this is the guy you were talking about.” Hidden Soul could not help but study Shi Feng more carefully.

While Hidden Soul quietly observed Shi Feng, Fallen Wind and Autumn Goose approached him to say hello.

“Brother Ye Feng, long time no see.” Smiling, Fallen Wind continued, “I never thought that you’d be here to participate in the auction as well. Why don’t you join us?”

He had personally witnessed Shi Feng’s strength, and he admired the man. It was also thanks to Shi Feng that he had improved his combat standards. If possible, he really wanted to spar with Shi Feng in the future.

“That’s right. We came here with Big Sister Soul this time. Big Sister Soul’s invitation card allowed us to use a room on the second floor. You get to know what items are up for auction in those rooms. This way, you’ll have an easier time bidding on what you want,” Autumn Goose added.

Originally, Shi Feng had wondered why Fallen Wind and Autumn Goose had been surprised to see him. Logically, they should’ve seen him in the arena. However, he understood after hearing the player’s comments.

Not many people were particularly interested in the Dark Arena’s competitions. After all, the various superpowers would never reveal their true strength here. However, it was a different story for the Dark Auction.

Hence, it wasn’t unusual for others to be unaware of his situation.

Moreover, Hidden Soul had brought Fallen Wind and Autumn Goose as her guests. It was even less likely for them to know about the Asura Battle Team.

Seeing as both Fallen Wind and Autumn Goose had passionately invited him to join them, Shi Feng agreed after considering the matter.

Not just anyone could enter the second-floor rooms. Only superpowers had this privilege.

Meanwhile, as Autumn Goose had said, the second-floor rooms provided a preview the items that were up for auction. With this insight, one could organize their funds and plan the items they wanted to buy. It was an advantage of status and position. For people from first-rate Guilds or below, they could only wait for the items’ reveal patiently.

While Shi Feng chatted with Fallen Wind as they walked upstairs, Hidden Soul pulled Autumn Goose to a side and asked softly, “Little Autumn, did you say that Rain refused to leave her Guild because of him?”

“I’m not sure. I only know that Ye Feng has quested with Rain several times. After that, no matter how much I tried to persuade her, she wouldn’t leave Zero Wing. However, Zero Wing is impressive. Now that I think about it, even I envy her a little,” Autumn Goose said, shaking her head.

“So, that’s how it is.” Hearing Autumn Goose’s words, Hidden Soul shot Shi Feng a frosty look. “It seems that I’ll have to find an opportunity to get to know him properly.”

…

The Dark Auction House’s second-floor rooms were quite spacious. Each one was roughly the size of a basketball court. Aside from the staff member stationed within, there was a table lined with precious alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. Any bottle on display could easily sell for 50 or 60 Silver Coins, with some worth over 3 Gold. The fact that the Dark Arena’s host offered the guests as many of these beverages as they wanted showed just how wealthy they were.

Fallen Wind gulped when he saw the alcohol.

Even he couldn’t afford to indulge in alcohol worth 3 Gold per bottle. Normally, he considered wine worth several dozen Silver extravagant enough.

After Shi Feng and the others took their seats, the staff member handed each of them a list of the auctioned items.

“Dear guests, our auction will be split into two segments. We will host the first segment, and all of the items for sale have been recorded on that list. The second segment will be a trading session. If you have any items you wish to put up for trade, our auction house will represent you. However, to assure the products’ quality, we will charge a processing fee of 40 Magic Crystals or 10 Gold Coins for each item. In the case of raw materials, we will charge 60 Magic Crystals of 15 Gold Coins per stack.”

After everyone received the list, the staff member explained the Dark Auction’s general process.

Fallen Wind and Autumn Goose frowned when they heard the explanation.

“This is simply too fraudulent,” Autumn Goose whispered.

Just getting the auction house to help promote their items cost a minimum of 40 Magic Crystals or 10 Gold Coins. There wasn’t even a guarantee that their trade would be successful. This was practically daylight robbery!

Even expert players had to grind for a long time to collect 10 Gold Coins. Otherwise, they wouldn’t worry about affording a Mount.

Fallen Wind and Autumn Goose finally understood why the host offered so many expensive beverages in these second-floor rooms. It felt as if they had already paid for the drinks.

In the auction, the crowd was more interested in the trading session than the organizer’s items. After all, there were many priceless treasures in God’s Domain. Those present generally had little need for Coins and Magic Crystals. They were more willing to spend these currencies to purchase items that weren’t available on the market.

Hidden Soul simply smiled at Autumn Goose’s reaction.

Anyone capable of receiving a second-floor room invitation had an extraordinarily status or position. To people like them, 40 Magic Crystals and 10 Gold Coins were nothing more than spare change.

Moreover, the requirement’s purpose was to ensure the quality of players’ items. If the item were not of particular value, it wouldn’t be worthwhile to invest 10 Gold to trade it.

Everyone here was wealthy. They naturally would not waste their time checking out worthless items.

After the staff member finished his explanation, three people approached the auction hall’s center. Among them, two were tall, beautiful ordinary female players. These women were specifically tasked to display the auctioned items. The last person was a middle-aged man. He was obviously the auctioneer.

When these three people took center stage, the venue fell silent.

These players had fallen silent because the first auctioned item was simply too frightening. It was a Legacy item that allowed one to class-change into a hidden class!