Chapter 1161 - Sword Freak

Chapter 1161 – Sword Freak

Upon Miracle Dragon’s sudden declaration, the arena boiled with excitement.

“Does he want a one-on-two fight?”

“As expected of the Sword Freak! He’s too domineering!”

“Has Miracle lost their minds? They could’ve won this competition, yet they want to take such a risk!”

“Miracle is probably trying to earn back their reputation.”

“That sounds about right. The Evil Dragon Battle Team has already lost two rounds. Even if they win this competition, it won’t be anything to boast about.”

…

The audience discussed the declaration fervently, each person having their own opinions.

Some felt that Miracle Dragon was being a fool, while others thought that the Sword Freak wanted to show off the Guild’s strength.

However, they could all agree on one thing; Miracle Dragon’s gamble was somewhat risky.

The Asura Battle Team still had two players remaining. One was a Berserker, and the other was an Assassin. This class composition was somewhat disadvantageous for a Swordsman like Miracle Dragon.

Berserkers had higher Strength than Swordsmen, while Assassins were faster and more nimble.

Although Miracle Dragon possessed superior combat techniques, if he had to clash head-on with a Berserker while guarding against an Assassin’s interference, he would easily lose any advantage. Moreover, both Fire Dance and Gentle Snow were relatively famous experts in God’s Domain.

While the Guild could redeem much of its lost reputation if Miracle Dragon won, its reputation would plummet further if the Swordsman lost.

…

“Big Sis Rain, the Asura Battle Team actually has a chance of winning. Although Miracle Dragon is very famous, when it comes to strength, he is no match for the Witch of the West. If Fire Dance and Gentle Snow work together, they’ll have at least a 50% chance of emerging victorious!” Blue Phoenix said excitedly.

Miracle Dragon was also known as the Sword Freak; almost everyone in the virtual gaming world knew of him.

He had gained his fame due to the Secret Pavilion’s evaluation; he had been deemed as the expert closest to grasping a Domain. Due to this reputation, peak experts from various Super Guilds had challenged him, using the opportunity to improve themselves. After all, only Domain Realm experts were considered Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds’ true mainstays. Many had also challenged Miracle Dragon to gain an understanding of just how far they were from their own Domains. Hence, Miracle Dragon’s fame had grown with each passing day.

If it came down to a one-on-one fight, neither Fire Dance nor Gentle Snow was a match for Miracle Dragon. However, if these women worked together to supplement their weaknesses, they should be able to defeat him.

“Emerging victorious?” Phoenix Rain quietly observed Miracle Dragon. “I don’t remember him being a rash person.”

It was common knowledge that Miracle Dragon was wildly arrogant. However, this arrogance was due to his strength. While Miracle Dragon might act crazily, he almost never did anything without being confident of success.

A one-on-two fight was already disadvantageous, but Miracle Dragon had also claimed that he would win in ten moves. He had forced himself onto a path with no retreat.

This was no longer arrogance. He was simply seeking death.

As Phoenix Rain considered warning Shi Feng, Miracle Dragon glanced at the other Swordsman, who had remained silent all this time.

“What? Are you afraid? I’ve already offered you an edge in this match, a higher chance of winning the competition. If you don’t want to accept the challenge, then just send your fighter up here. But don’t say that I didn’t give you a chance.”

The moment Miracle Dragon finished speaking, the audience began to echo his words.

“Asura Battle Team, are you a bunch of cowards?! You’re even afraid to accept this challenge!?”

“You guys are even too scared to accept a two-on-one match? It seems at the rumors are true! You guys only have a few capable experts; the rest of you are just for show!”

…

The spectators were either large Guild upper echelons or famous experts. The outcome of the competition between Asura and Evil Dragon was none of their concern. They only wanted to collect as much information as possible.

They could learn far more if the Asura Battle Team sent two experts to face the Sword Freak, rather than one.

…

“Just what is his goal?”

Meanwhile, inside a VIP room, Miracle Dragon’s behavior had confused Purple Jade.

Among the many Swordsmen in God’s Domain, she was most eager to challenge Miracle Dragon. There were three reasons for this.

First, unlike other Swordsmen who used two one-handed swords, both of she and Miracle Dragon used greatswords.

Second, Miracle Dragon was known as the closest Swordsman to achieving a Domain. If she fought Miracle Dragon, she could get a clearer view of her future goal.

As for the third and most important reason, she wanted to learn Miracle Dragon’s trademark skill, weakness observation.

This ability was precisely the reason Miracle Dragon had few rivals among experts of the same realm; it was also the reason he had earned the title Sword Freak. By observing his opponents, he could grasp their weaknesses and launch a series of seemingly crazy attacks. However, while he might have appeared to have gone mad, in reality, he was extremely calm. His attacks were perfectly choreographed. In the end, his insane attack method would throw his opponents off, and he usually beat them senseless.

How could an expert, who had mastered such a powerful move, take such a huge risk and provoke the Asura Battle Team?

“Jade, your observation is correct.” Yuan Tiexin nodded, smiling. “As you suspected, Miracle Dragon does not take risks lightly. He only acts when he is absolutely confident of succeeding.”

“But, defeating both Fire Dance and Gentle Snow in ten moves is too difficult, even for him.” Purple Jade simply could not figure out how Miracle Dragon could win in ten moves.

“No, he can,” Yuan Tiexin said as he caressed his beard. Chuckling, he continued, “Some time ago, he had secretly class-changed into the hidden class Magic Swordsman. Moreover, he received a Tier 3 Sure-kill Skill Book, which the Guild had only obtained after much difficulty. With the Epic Equipment the Miracle Guild has lent him, his combat power has risen significantly.”

“Magic Swordsman?” Purple Jade’s eyes sparkled when she heard these words, a hint of envy blooming in her heart.

Magic Swordsman was a hidden class that focused on attacks. Although the class could not compare to a peak class like the Necromancer, it was one of the few advanced classes.

“Do you think Miracle Dragon would be so foolish and challenge the Asura Battle Team for no good reason?” Yuan Tiexin could not help but shift his gaze towards Shi Feng. “I wonder how Ye Feng intends to respond? If it were up to me, I’d refuse this challenge. At most, I’d give up this round and leave both players to fight in a two-on-three match. This way, we’d have a higher chance of winning the competition.”

Although Miracle took this competition seriously, there were only four noteworthy experts on the Evil Dragon Battle Team. Although the remaining six were extraordinarily strong, there was an obvious gap between them and the former four. If the Asura Battle Team wanted to win this competition, a two-on-three match would be more advantageous.

As soon as Yuan Tiexin said so, Shi Feng stood up, a serious expression on his face as he looked at Miracle Dragon.

“Alright, we don’t have any issues. I hope you don’t regret your decision.”

“Regret? Rest assured; I will not regret it.”

Miracle Dragon did not take Shi Feng’s warning seriously in the least. However, he liked Shi Feng’s personality. Unfortunately, the man’s worries were superfluous. Rather, Shi Feng should focus on helping Fire Dance and Gentle Snow survive against him for ten moves.

When the audience heard Shi Feng agree to Miracle Dragon’s request, they erupted into cheers.

“Hah… What a fool.” Yuan Tiexin could not help but roll his eyes at Shi Feng.

Despite knowing that it was a trap, Shi Feng decided to jump right in…