Chapter 1172 - Sword Of Death

Chapter 1172 – Sword of Death

“The host is simply too generous! They’re actually willing to sell even a Famed Sword!?”

“This weapon’s Attributes are much stronger than those of ordinary Epic Weapons!”

“This is definitely the most amazing one-handed sword I’ve seen!”

…

Everyone gasped when they saw the Attributes of Netherworld Brilliance. Players that used one-handed swords could not help but wish they could grab the weapon and give it a few swings right this instant.

“They really are going all-out this time. There are only a total of 36 Famed Swords in God’s Domain. They are all unique Epic Weapons. Every one of them is a weapon that countless swordsman experts dream of obtaining.” Yuan Tiexin, who was seated inside a second-floor room, was slightly astonished when he saw Netherworld Brilliance.

Practically everyone in the second-floor rooms came from one of God’s Domain’s superpowers. To them, Epic Weapons were indeed rare but not entirely out of their reach. Getting one of their own was only a matter of time. However, Famed Swords were a different story.

These were weapons adored by sword-wielding experts. If utilized properly, one could draw in those sword fanatics who were normally very difficult to recruit.

Among the Eight Sword Meisters on the God’s Domain Experts List, three were independent players.

If the Secret Pavilion used a Famed Sword as bait, recruiting one of them might really be possible.

–

[Netherworld Brilliance] (One-handed Sword, Epic Rank)

Level 40 – Level 110 (Level 40)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 700, Agility 400

Attack Power +1,340

Strength +101, Agility +72, Endurance +60

Attack Speed +15

When attacking:

20% chance to trigger Heavy Crash, increasing Strength by 30% and Attack Speed by 20%;

20% chance to trigger Blur, making the attack impossible to be parried or blocked;

30% chance to trigger Double Critical.

When equipped:

Strength increased by 10%;

Agility increased by 5%;

All sword-related Skills +3 Levels;

Ignore Levels +15;

All sword-related Skill Completion Rates increased by 2%.

Additional Passive Skill 1-

Death Devour: Any creature that dies within 200 yards will provide wielder with a Death Devour buff, increasing wielder’s Attack Speed by 1% and all sword-related Skill Completion Rates by 0.1% for 30 seconds. Buff can be stacked up to 30 times.

Additional Passive Skill 2-

Death’s Phantom: Wielder’s physique improves as HP decreases. Physique can improve up to a maximum of 20%.

A sword of death created by Famed Smith Jax using a piece of mysterious sword fragment, Netherworld Brilliance is one of the thirty-six Famed Swords of God’s Domain, ranking 30th. Anyone that wields this sword will be enveloped in an aura of death, decreasing all their Attributes by 20% and doubling the death penalty they suffer. Can be evolved. Cannot be destroyed.

–

However, when everyone was finally done reading through the weapon’s introduction, they all shook their heads and sighed.

Netherworld Brilliance was indeed an amazing weapon. This was especially true for the increase to sword-related Skill Completion Rates. Although it was only a meager 2%, boosting an 88% Completion Rate to 90% would allow a Skill to undergo a qualitative transformation. Unfortunately, not only did the weapon decrease its wielder’s Basic Attributes by 20%, but it also doubled the death penalty they would suffer, which was something most people wanted to avoid.

Leveling up was extremely difficult in God’s Domain. Although Netherworld Brilliance would boost one’s combat power significantly, nobody could say with certainty that they would not die.

If one would originally lose one level when they died out in the fields, then they would lose two levels if they were wielding Netherworld Brilliance. Moreover, practically everyone present frequently raided large-scale Team Dungeons. Dying in such Dungeons was common. Normally, they would only lose 10% of their EXP when dying in Dungeons. If this penalty doubled to 20%…

Just thinking about it gave everyone chills.

At this moment, everyone finally understood the auction host’s generosity in putting a Famed Sword up for auction. Most likely, nobody in the host’s Guild wanted to be anywhere near the weapon at all. Hence, rather than let it sit in a warehouse and collect dust, the Guild opted to exchange it for resources.

Noticing the audience’s lack of interest, the auctioneer chuckled and said, “Now that everyone has seen the weapon, I believe you all know the flaws of Netherworld Brilliance. However, at the end of the day, this is still an Epic Weapon. Moreover, this weapon can be evolved. If you manage to discover the method of evolution, this sword could become a godly weapon in the future. It might even become a Fragmented Legendary Weapon! The starting price for this weapon is 8,000 Gold! Each increment must not be lower than 200 Gold!”

Hearing the starting price of the weapon, everyone inwardly cursed the auction house for being fraudulent.

If not for the Famed Sword’s flaws, not to mention 8,000 Gold, even spending 18,000 Gold to obtain it wouldn’t be a problem. After all, it was an Epic Weapon that could be used all the way to Level 110. In addition, there was the possibility of evolving it.

“Alright, then. I’ll get it as a collection item! I bid 8,000 Gold!”

“I can attract quite a number of people if I put it on display in my Guild. I’ll bid 8,200 Gold!”

“Eight thousand four hundred Gold!”

…

The audience in the auction hall was not particularly active in bidding for Netherworld Brilliance. After a dozen or so bids, the price eventually stopped at 11,000 Gold.

Shi Feng’s heart began beating madly as he looked at the weapon displayed on the stage.

To others, this weapon would indeed be of little value. To him, however, it was a priceless treasure.

Solomon’s Sword had been broken into five fragments. Among them, three were in locations that current players could not reach. Meanwhile, of the two remaining, Shi Feng had already obtained one of them: the Sacred Sword Killing Ray. The last fragment was none other than this Netherworld Brilliance.

Originally, Shi Feng had planned on thinking of a way to obtain Netherworld Brilliance. However, he never imagined that the Dark Arena’s host had actually gotten it already. Moreover, they even put it up for auction.

This was one of the Ten Great Legendary Weapons they were talking about!

As long as he could gather all five fragments, he could reproduce the God Sword of the past once again.

Just thinking about it excited Shi Feng.

“Twelve thousand Gold!”

Shi Feng raised the price slightly.

Obviously, no one was that interested in Netherworld Brilliance. However, as it was a Famed Sword and also had the potential to evolve, there were still some people who were willing to bet on that possibility. Hence, he would not raise the price by too much. If he suddenly raised it too high, people would no doubt become suspicious. Thus, when calling out his bid, he could not offer too high or too low.

“What rich people! I don’t want it anymore.”

“Amazing. Someone’s actually betting 12,000 Gold on luck.”

Just as the other bidders were giving up one after another, a voice suddenly resounded throughout the entire hall.

“Thirteen thousand Gold!”

Meanwhile, the person who had placed this bid was none other than Thousand Miles.

“You stole my Legacy away. Do you think I’ll let you get that weapon so easily?” Thousand Miles sneered as he looked at the room Shi Feng occupied.

Although Thousand Miles did not know who was occupying the room, he could easily tell which room had placed the 12,000-Gold bid.

After noticing Shi Feng’s interest in Netherworld Brilliance, he naturally could not allow him to have an easy time.

“The person in that room is really vengeful,” Autumn Goose growled as she looked at Thousand Miles’s room.

“Brother Ye Feng, if you don’t have enough money, just say the word. I can lend you all the money I have.” Fallen Wind also grew indignant at Thousand Miles’s behavior.

“Thanks. I’ll definitely borrow from you if I need to,” Shi Feng said. He then proceeded to place a new bid.

Twenty thousand Gold!

“This is madness. Even if that person is angry, there’s no need to waste so much money, right?”

“The rich are really willful!”

The new bid Shi Feng made stupefied everyone.

Everyone present was someone of high status and position. However, none of them would treat their money as lightly as Shi Feng did, raising the bid by an additional 7,000 Gold just to let off some steam. One could already buy another Epic Weapon with that kind of money.

“Wow! How rich! Alright, then. I’ll let you have it!” Thousand Miles laughed over this situation. However, he no longer dared to continue bidding as this might be a trap for him. He was already satisfied with getting Shi Feng to waste an additional 8,000 Gold.

Following which, the auctioneer knocked his gavel three times.

“Let us congratulate the guest from Room 017 for obtaining the Famed Sword Netherworld Brilliance!” At this moment, the auctioneer was close to laughing out loud in joy already. Originally, he thought that getting to sell the Famed Sword for 12,000 Gold was already plenty good. Now, he had actually sold it for 20,000 Gold.

On the other hand, after Shi Feng paid the 20,000 Gold and obtained Netherworld Brilliance, he too was inwardly jumping for joy. He couldn’t care less about what others thought of him.

He had just spent 20,000 Gold to purchase one of the five fragments of Solomon’s Sword—one of the Ten Great Legendary Weapons. This was an unimaginably low price. If the Dark Arena’s host knew what they had just done, they would surely faint from shock.

In the past, every fragment of Legendary items put up for auction, regardless of whether they were usable or not, had readily sold for at least 50,000 Gold, not to mention the fragment of one of the Ten Great Legendary Weapons!

The Epic tool subsequently auctioned was roughly the same as Netherworld Brilliance in that it was somewhat useless. However, it could still be used to brew Magic Wine, which provided effects similar to the high-density Mana environment in Stone Forest Town when consumed. However, the wine required rare materials for brewing. As a result, its production was fated to be low, only enough for the members of one’s own Guild, at most. However, for Guilds that did not possess the Magic Tower, the Magic Wine was undeniably an excellent way to improve the strength of their Guild members. In the end, Phoenix Rain bought the tool for 14,000 Magic Crystals.

As for the ancient book, Shi Feng spent 70,000 Magic Crystals to purchase it.

“Ladies and gentlemen, I believe that many among you have come here today for this last item. I won’t waste words giving you an introduction. The starting bid for the Secret Technique Tablet will be 200,000 Magic Crystals! Each increment must be at least 2,000 Magic Crystals! Let us begin!”