Chapter 1175 - Preparations To Construct A City

Chapter 1175 – Preparations to Construct a City

How does he have so many Magic Crystals?

Hidden Soul began to size the nearby Shi Feng up seriously.

The man had already surprised her by buying the Magic Knight Legacy.

Now, he had spent another 450,000 Magic Crystals to buy the Bronze Tablet…

Shi Feng had spent over 600,000 Magic Crystals in total. Even the Flower of Seven Sins needed time to prepare so much wealth.

It seems that we will need to investigate this Zero Wing.

Hidden Soul suspected that the Guild known as Zero Wing wasn’t as simple as Autumn Goose had described.

Meanwhile, after winning the Bronze Tablet, Shi Feng quietly rejoiced.

Although he had spent a lot of Magic Crystals, the Secret Spellcasting Technique was akin to the gospel for the Guild’s magical class experts.

At the end of the day, he was only a Swordsman, a physical melee class. He could only offer general spellcasting technique advice. He could not guide them as thoroughly as he could the melee classes.

As a result, the physical classes’ technique standards were higher than the magical classes’ in Zero Wing.

Now that he had obtained the Bronze Tablet, as long as Aqua Rose, Violet Cloud, Alluring Summer, and the other magical class experts improved their technique standards, they could guide the other magical classes in the Guild.

…

Inside Thousand Miles’s room…

The tension in the room was almost solid.

“Starstreak, find out who is in Room 017 right this instant!” Thousand Miles ordered in a chilly tone.

Not only had he failed to obtain the Magic Knight Legacy, but he had also failed to obtain the Bronze Tablet. He would definitely have a hard time explaining himself when he returned to headquarters.

“Understood.” Starstreak nodded. Immediately, he left to surveil Room 017.

Although the rooms in the Dark Auction protected their occupants’ privacy and prevented others from spying, the people inside the rooms had to come out sooner or later. At that time, they would discover who occupied Room 017.

…

Meanwhile, as the Dark Auction’s first segment came to an end, the popular second segment began.

All players in the auction hall could offer their items for trade during the second segment. This bartering session was the main reason behind the various large Guilds’ visit to this auction.

Normally, when the various large Guilds obtained a rare material, they wouldn’t trade it even if they had no need for it. However, oftentimes, other Guilds desperately needed these ‘useless’ items. Hence, these Guilds could use this auction to barter their unnecessary rare materials for things they actually needed.

“Trading three single-target, attack-type Magic Scrolls for one set of Basic Magic Arrays!”

“Trading one stack of Mana Cloth for one stack of Flaming Ice Crystals!”

“Trading one Stoneskin Potion Recipe for one Flame Protection Potion Recipe!”

…

Message after message appeared on the large screen above the stage. None of the auction house’s patrons had any complaints about the exorbitant processing fee. After all, even the cheapest items they listed were worth 50 Gold or more, with some worth several hundred Gold.

Just looking at the exchange messages on the screen made everyone a little jealous of the host.

The minimum processing fee was 10 Gold Coins. If the host processed 100 items, they would earn 1,000 Gold. In an auction with over 10,000 people, if every person placed an item up for trade, the host would instantly receive 100,000 Gold. Furthermore, why would any of these players have come here to trade a single item?

One had to admit that holding an auction like this was way more profitable than banditry.

This was also inspiration for how Shi Feng could operate auctions in the Candlelight Trading Firm in the future. He might not be able to invite as many large Guilds and superpowers as the Dark Auction House had, but he could lower the standards of his auction slightly, not only allowing large Guilds to bid, but independent players as well.

Suddenly, Shi Feng had an idea; he could establish a bartering site that enabled trade between players.

In God’s Domain, aside from Auction Houses and Underground Arenas, player-constructed cities could offer players trading locations.

Players could not purchase locations such as Auction Houses and Underground Arenas in NPC cities. However, as long as players had their own cities, they could construct their own bartering sites. The city could then allow bartering through the system.

In the past, there were no such specialized bartering sites in God’s Domain.

This was due to the various large Guilds. When independent players obtained rare items, if they wanted to trade them for good items, their best option was to go to a large Guild. After all, independent players were not necessarily well-connected. With this, the various large Guilds could buy rare items at a cheaper price.

If a specialized trading post were constructed, however, the various large Guilds would have a hard time obtaining rare items cheaply.

The lack of such locations had also been due to how rarely independent players got their hands on valuable items. In addition, due to geographical restrictions, players generally only traded in their own country. As a result, there were even less rare items available for exchange.

Hence, even after the various large Guilds had established their own cities during the mid-late stages of the game, they had not bothered to construct these locations.

Even if a Guild established a trading post in their city, other Guilds wouldn’t prosper overmuch. The amount of money one could earn from such a bartering location would be so pitiful that they would be better off trading with independent players privately.

However, Shi Feng’s situation was slightly different.

God’s Domain was still in its early stages. The various large Guilds were having a headache just trying to develop their own towns, not to mention constructing a city.

Meanwhile, he had a City Building Order. This gave him with a massive advantage.

If he constructed his city now, he wouldn’t have a single competitor. He could be the first one to expand the market, establishing a firm reputation like the Dark Arena. In the future, when players from other kingdoms and empires thought about trading their rare items, they would come running to his city to do so. The other Guilds would be helpless to do anything about it.

Even after other Guilds established their own cities, his trading post would have grown to a considerable scale. He would have a steady supply of rare items. At that time, it would be near-impossible for newly established trading posts to compete with his.

Although the large Guilds obtained plenty of rare items, the majority of God’s Domain’s player-base would forever be independent players. If these independent players gathered, they could obtain far more rare items than any Super Guild.

Due to the difficulty of private trades, it was practically impossible for independent players to exchange their items with each other. Hence, they sought large Guilds to barter with.

If a specialized bartering center were available, however, independent players would only need to consign their items. Other players could then purchase those items. They wouldn’t need to idiotically contact one person after another. Not only could they save a lot of time and trouble, but they could also obtain the items they wanted.

Even if the teleportation fees were expensive, most likely, many independent players would make the trip to visit the trading post.

Shi Feng could not help his growing excitement.

However, to construct his city, he first needed to obtain a sufficient number of Seven Luminaries Crystals. Otherwise, without the Four Towers of Elements’ protection, defending the city would be too difficult.

It seems that I need to put the plan into action now.

After pondering over the matter, Shi Feng decided to begin collecting Seven Luminaries Crystals.

While Seven Luminaries Crystals were incomparably rare and precious, there were a few locations that had them.

Unfortunately, these locations were extremely dangerous, and he would need to prepare.

The easiest place to obtain Seven Luminaries Crystals Shi Feng could think of was the Sea of Death’s Demon Island. Only, the journey was particularly dangerous. Demon Island was also a forbidden land for the living. Without sufficiently high Darkness Resistance, survival was impossible.

Shi Feng immediately began to browse the auction house’s rare items, searching for items that increased Darkness Resistance.

After searching for some time, Shi Feng finally found two good items on the list the system had provided. Both could significantly increase a player’s Darkness Resistance. One of them was a Master Darkness Resistance Potion, while the other was a Light Cloak.

However, before Shi Feng could celebrate, he saw the items’ prices, and his expression darkened.

“Is this person insane?! Who would use Shadow Gold and Ancient Wood to purchase these items?!”

Just as Shi Feng was about to curse again, he was stunned by the trader’s name.

The same person had placed these two items up for trade.

Silent Wonder!

One of God’s Domain’s Ten Great Grandmaster Alchemists!