Chapter 1177 - Reconstructing A Town

Chapter 1177 – Reconstructing a Town

“This is still only a part of it. How about it? Interested in my offer now?”

Shi Feng smiled calmly as he quietly looked at Silent Wonder’s joyful expression.

Like the Book of Forging, the Records of Potions was a treasure that could improve one’s alchemy success rate. Moreover, it contained basic information about potion crafting. With the Records of Potions, players would not have to explore basic alchemy techniques blindly; it could pave the way for becoming a Master Alchemist.

As for whether one actually became a Master Alchemist, however, that depended on the player’s talent.

Silent Wonder did not have the support of a Guild. According to Shi Feng’s memory, in the past, Silent Wonder had obtained practically all of her alchemy materials by herself. Also, unlike Guild alchemists, who could confide in each other regarding alchemy techniques and improve together, Silent Wonder had gained her alchemy techniques without any assistance.

Moreover, ordinary NPC cities also did not possess facilities like Special Workshops. Needless to say, the various large Guilds didn’t allow non-Guild members to use their limited Special Workshops. After all, they didn’t even have enough to nurture their own Lifestyle players.

Furthermore, independent players had no access to NPC cities with Special Workshops. Take the Holy City of Titan for example. Without sufficient strength and luck, reaching the city was simply impossible for an independent player like Silent Wonder.

“I’ll say this first. Once I’ve fulfilled my one-month contract, I’ll leave immediately,” Silent Wonder stated.

With her alchemy skills, she could easily join any large Guild. Even Super Guilds would willingly accept her. However, she hated the various restrictions that came with joining a Guild and disliked doing work that didn’t interest her. Hence, she had opted not to join a Guild.

“You’re overthinking things. It isn’t even certain if you are capable of remaining in my employment after a month,” Shi Feng said, chuckling as he shook his head.

Hearing Shi Feng saying so, Silent Wonder frowned.

This was her first time being underestimated like this.

She was a bona fide Advanced Alchemist. She would be an important member of any Guild she joined. In fact, she had gained an invitation to the Dark Auction, to begin with, because a large Guild wanted to recruit her.

In her opinion, Shi Feng was trying to use reverse psychology. However, such means were useless against her.

Once the month was over, she would definitely leave.

Following which, Shi Feng and Silent Wonder signed a contract. The contents were very simple. Silent Wonder would hand over the Master Darkness Resistance Potion and Light Cloak. Afterwards, she would work at the Candlelight Trading Firm for a month. In return, Shi Feng would share the clues leading to the Shadow Gold and Ancient Wood with Silent Wonder.

After Silent Wonder confirmed that there were no problems with the contract Shi Feng had sent her, she signed it.

“You can tell me the clues leading to the materials now, right?” Silent Wonder asked coldly.

If not for the Records of Potions, she wouldn’t have made such an unworthwhile trade. After all, the Master Darkness Resistance Potion and Light Cloak were both precious items she had obtained after completing a difficult quest. Trading these two items for two clues was a loss.

“Only Level 70 and above Darkness-type Bosses have a chance of dropping Shadow Gold. Moreover, the Bosses must be Grand Lord rank or above. Ancient Wood can be found near the lake in the deepest parts of the neutral map Stuyak. That area is home to Elves. They aren’t fond of humans, so it won’t be easy to get past them.” Shi Feng revealed the information.

The two locations he mentioned were the easiest places to obtain Shadow Gold and Ancient Wood. The other places he knew about were far more dangerous, and even if Silent Wonder was quite strong, she couldn’t obtain the materials by herself.

“Stuyak?” Silent Wonder checked the system map. When she found Stuyak, she was speechless.

Stuyak was an ancient forest located north of the Frostwolf Empire. The forest had always been the biggest threat to the empire. You had to be at least Level 80 to enter… Moreover, the neutral map’s size rivaled that of a medium-sized kingdom.

She simply did not know what to say about this.

With her current strength, it was impossible for her to act on any of the information she had just received.

“I’ve already told you the clues. You are to report for duty at Star-Moon Kingdom’s Candlelight Trading Firm by tomorrow night at the latest,” after Shi Feng was done speaking, he immediately disconnected the call.

Shadow Gold and Ancient Wood were both Epic ranked rare materials. If Silent Wonder wished to obtain them, she needed to reach Level 80 at the very minimum. Particularly, Ancient Wood was highly sought after by even Super Guilds. If Silent Wonder wished to procure some all by herself, she could not even consider doing so before reaching Level 100 and class-changing to her Tier 3 class.

Hence, Shi Feng had not spoken in detail when he mentioned the clues to Silent Wonder. If he told the woman the minimum strength required to obtain these materials, she would most likely lose her mind.

Afterward, Shi Feng received the Master Darkness Resistance Potion and Light Cloak, delivered to him by a staff member. Without waiting for the Dark Auction to end, he said his goodbyes to Fallen Wind and Autumn Goose before returning to White River City.

Although there were many rare items up for trade in the Dark Auction, there wasn’t anything that Shi Feng was particularly interested in. So, there was no need for him to stay behind.

Shortly after Shi Feng exited the room, Starstreak, who had been in a Stealth state this whole time, appeared a short distance away from Room 017.

“Why is it him?” Starstreak found it somewhat unbelievable when he saw Shi Feng coming out of Room 017.

In his opinion, anyone capable of spending over 600,000 Magic Crystals within a short period of time must be an upper echelon of a major power. Yet, the buyer of both the Magic Knight legacy and Bronze Tablet was actually Zero Wing.

However, Starstreak did not ponder too much on the matter. Immediately, he forwarded the information to Thousand Miles.

“What?! Zero Wing was the one who bought those two items?!” Starstreak was given a fright by this message. However, he quickly revealed the sneer on his face as he said, “Good! Very good! Starstreak, go and make some preparations! Get Cleansed Maple to assist you in leading the Departed Legion, and kill Zero Wing’s experts! Make sure to steal that Magic Knight Legacy, as well as those Epic Weapons and Equipment from them!”

Any large Guild that obtained a Bronze Tablet would definitely store it in their Guild Warehouse. Unless they burnt down the Guild Residence storing the Bronze Tablet, it would be impossible for them to obtain it. However, it was a different story for the Magic Knight Legacy Item, and Epic Weapons and Equipment.

If one wanted to obtain the Magic Knight Legacy, they would have to complete the Legacy Quest.

As long as Zero Wing’s experts left their Guild Residence, there would be plenty of chance to strike at them.

Starstreak was momentarily stunned by Thousand Miles’s words. Very quickly, however, he nodded and said, “Understood.”

The Departed Legion was Miracle’s assassination legion. It was a legion specifically formed to target the upper echelons of the various superpowers. In Starstreak’s opinion, they were simply making a mountain out of a molehill by mobilizing the legion against Zero Wing.

…

Meanwhile, in Star-Moon Kingdom’s White River City, Shi Feng had also stealthily arrived at the Adventurer’s Association. Without hesitation, he paid 30,000 Gold to the Association to have them begin reconstructing Stone Forest Town.

The moment Shi Feng handed over the 30,000 Gold Coins, the sound of a system notification entered his ears.

–

System: Congratulations! As Zero Wing is the first Guild in God’s Domain to have reconstructed an Intermediate Town, Guild Popularity increased by 200,000 points. You will also receive one Bronze Guild Residence Promotion Order.