Chapter 1178 - Promotion To A 3-Star Guild

Chapter 1178 – Promotion to a 3-star Guild

The sudden system notification put Shi Feng into a daze for a long time.

He had merely reconstructed an Intermediate Town, yet Zero Wing’s Guild Popularity had instantly soared by 200,000 points.

It should be known that a 1-star Guild only needed 30,000 Popularity to promote to a 2-star Guild, while a 2-star Guild needed 100,000 Popularity to promote to a 3-star Guild.

The further one progressed into the game, the more difficult it was to obtain Guild Popularity.

When a Guild was still at the 1-star standard, Guild members could earn quite a lot of Guild Popularity just by completing ordinary Guild Quests. With how many players there were in a large Guild, the number of Guild Quests completed each day was plenty. It would take no time for a Guild to accumulate 30,000 Popularity. The truly difficult aspect of promoting a Guild to 2-stars lay in obtaining the Guild Residence Promotion Order.

However, after a Guild reached 2-stars, Guild members would no longer obtain Guild Popularity through completing ordinary Guild Quests. They could only do so by completing advanced Guild Quests. However, advanced Guild Quests were very rare and limited in number. So, it would take a significantly longer time for a 2-star Guild to accumulate 100,000 Guild Popularity.

Even Super Guilds would need a long time to do so.

Meanwhile, due to various factors, Zero Wing’s Popularity accumulation rate was currently on par with Super Guilds. According to Shi Feng’s estimates, it would take another month or so for Zero Wing to accumulate 100,000 Popularity.

However, now that Zero Wing had received an additional 200,000 Popularity, it had fulfilled the condition to promote to a 3-star Guild.

“A Bronze Guild Residence Promotion Order?” Shi Feng looked at the bronze, diamond-shaped token that had suddenly appeared in his bag. The token was emitting a faint, golden glow. It was much more powerful than the silver Guild Residence Promotion Order he had obtained before.

–

[Bronze Guild Residence Promotion Order]

Promotes the star ranking of a Guild Residence that fulfills the required Popularity by one star. Can be promoted up to a 4-star Guild.

–

“What a powerful Guild Residence Promotion Order!” Shi Feng was astonished.

As far as Shi Feng knew, Guild Residence Promotion Orders were all graded. Meanwhile, different ranking Promotion Orders could be used on Guilds of different star rankings. For example, in order to promote a 1-star Guild into a 2-star Guild, a 2-star Promotion Order would be required, while promotion to a 3-star Guild would require a 3-star Promotion Order. However, the Bronze Guild Residence Promotion Order was actually capable of promoting any Guild between 1-star to 3-star status by one rank. There would be no need to search for Promotion Orders of specific rankings.

Looking at the Bronze Guild Residence Promotion Order, Shi Feng considered saving it for when Zero Wing was upgrading its Residence from 3-star to 4-star status.

In God’s Domain, Guild Residence Promotion Orders were not easy to obtain. Aside from a rare few that could be obtained through adventuring out in the fields or opening Treasure Chests, the normal method of obtaining Guild Residence Promotion Orders was through raiding certain large-scale Team Dungeons. However, only by procuring the First Clear of such Dungeons would one have a 100% chance of receiving a Guild Residence Promotion Order. Afterward, the cleared Dungeon would have less than a 1% chance of dropping the Promotion Order…

This was also one of the reasons why the various large Guilds were adamant about competing for the First Clear of large-scale Team Dungeons.

Aside from being able to raise their own Guild’s fame and influence, they could also quickly raise their Guild’s star ranking by obtaining First Clear. If the First Clear was taken away by another Guild, it would become significantly more difficult to obtain a Guild Residence Promotion Order.

This was especially true for the 3-star Guild Residence Promotion Order.

This was something that only dropped in the Hell Mode of Level 50 large-scale Team Dungeons. Moreover, such large-scale Team Dungeons were different from the Dungeons that dropped 2-star Promotion Orders. In the latter’s case, every major city would have one of them. For 3-star and above, however, there would only be one such large-scale Team Dungeon in every few, or even more than a dozen, major cities. If the First Clear of such a Dungeon was secured by a Guild, other Guilds would have no choice but to continuously raid said large-scale Team Dungeon for their own Promotion Orders…

Thus, the 3-star Guild Residence Promotion Order would cause the competition between Guilds to become even more intense. In the future, Guilds would have to struggle with not just other Guilds in the same city, but Guilds from other cities as well.

As for the 4-star Guild Residence Promotion Order, competition for it would become even more frightening as each kingdom would only have one or two large-scale Team Dungeons that dropped it. While empires had a little more, these Dungeons were still extremely limited.

“Excuse me, I want to promote the Zero Wing Guild.” After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng immediately took out the Bronze Guild Residence Promotion Order and handed it over to the NPC administrator.

The reason why players even bothered joining Guilds was because Guilds provided benefits that could help their members level up and improve their strength much more quickly. Hence, the faster a Guild was promoted, the better it would be for the Guild’s future development.

“Lord Protector, may I know which Guild Residence you wish to promote to a 3-star Residence?” the administrator asked after receiving the Promotion Order.

“The Guild Residence in White River City,” Shi Feng said in a straightforward manner.

White River City was Zero Wing’s base camp. It was also extremely safe, as it was located in a major NPC city. Moreover, it wouldn’t be long before White River City would be promoted to the next rank and bring many benefits to the players inhabiting it. Naturally, he had to prioritize promoting the Residence there. As for the Residences in Stone Forest Town and Lake Heart City, those would have to wait for another chance to appear in the future.

“Alright. Promoting a 2-star Guild Residence into a 3-star Guild Residence will require a 5,000-Gold reconstruction fee,” the administrator said. “However, as a City Protector, our association will offer you a 20% discount, so Lord Protector only needs to pay 4,000 Gold.”

Shi Feng took out another 4,000 Gold without hesitation.

After the handsome administrator confirmed that there were no problems, a series of system announcements rang out in Shi Feng’s ears.

–

Star-Moon Kingdom System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom to own a 3-star Guild Residence! Guild Emblem upgraded to Bronze rank. Rewarding Guild with one set of Basic Defensive Magic Array, 1,500 Gold in Guild funds, and one Employment Center Building Order.

White River City System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first Guild in White River City to own a 3-star Guild Residence! Rewarding Guild with one Training Room Promotion Order.

–

The system announcement repeated three times, echoing loudly in everyone’s ears.

“What?”

“A 3-star Residence?”

“That’s impossible, right? Most Guilds are just beginning to promote their Residences to 2-star. How does Zero Wing already have a 3-star Residence?”

“Zero Wing is too amazing! As expected of Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild! I must join Zero Wing, no matter what! The benefits of a 3-star Residence will definitely be spectacular!”

…

The players throughout Star-Moon Kingdom were stunned by the rewards stated in the system announcement. This was especially true for the members of the various large Guilds. They were all greatly envious of Zero Wing.

Zero Wing’s Guild Emblem was directly upgraded to Bronze rank!

A Guild Emblem wasn’t just the symbol of a Guild. Similar to the

insignia of Lifestyle classes, the Guild Emblem also possessed some functions. A Common Guild Emblem did not carry with it any functions at all. However, once a Guild Emblem reached Bronze rank, it came prepared with some functions.

A Bronze Guild Emblem had two functions:

The first function was a teleport ability. Even without a Guild Transfer Scroll, Guild members could directly teleport to any Guild Residence. There was no need to buy the Guild Transfer Scroll of a specific Guild Residence. Not to mention, players could only carry one Guild Transfer Scroll at a time, making it very inconvenient.

The second function increased the Attributes of Guild members. As long as there were over 20 Guild members within a 100-yard radius, the Guild Emblem would increase the wearer’s maximum HP by 3% and Attack Power by 1%.

Although the increase seemed minor, once players reached higher levels, even 1% could make a huge difference. This was especially true when players were raiding Team Dungeons.

Less than a minute after the system announcement ended, news of Zero Wing obtaining a 3-star Guild Residence began spreading like wildfire. In just a short ten minutes, whether it were the Guilds in Star-Moon Kingdom or the Guilds in the neighboring kingdoms and empires, they all held an emergency Guild meeting.

At the same time, the various large Guilds currently bartering for rare items in the Dark Auction also received news about this situation.

What?! Zero Wing has just obtained a 3-star Guild Residence?!

Phoenix Rain’s eyes widened in shock as she read the message she just received. She simply could not believe this to be true.

How could this be possible?!