Chapter 1171 - Solomon’S Fragment

Chapter 1171 – Solomon’s Fragment

The words “one hundred and twenty thousand crystals” echoing throughout the quiet auction hall caused a sudden commotion.

“Just who is it that’s so rich?! You can buy several Epic items at that price!”

“This is crazy!”

“One hundred and twenty thousand crystals… That is already double our Guild’s stockpile…”

…

Everyone present was shocked by the price of the Magic Knight Legacy.

Meanwhile, Thousand Miles, who had placed the bid, sent an anxious glance at Hidden Soul’s room.

Now that I’ve raised it by 20,000, I refuse to believe you will dare to compete with me!

Initially, Thousand Miles expected to get the Legacy for only 90,000 Magic Crystals. Afterwards, he would still have a goodly amount of crystals to compete for the finale items. Now, however, his plans were disrupted.

In order to guarantee his purchase of the Legacy, he had no choice but to raise the price by 20,000 crystals to scare off any possible competitors.

However, after a moment of silence, Hidden Soul called out a new bid once again.

“One hundred and thirty thousand crystals!”

She did not have even a shred of hesitation when calling out this bid.

Sure enough, the Flower of Seven Sins really is wealthy.

Shi Feng was astounded as he looked at the calm woman sitting close to him.

Unlike Super Guilds, the Flower of Seven Sins did not have countless players collecting Magic Crystals for them. When it came to Magic Crystal gathering speed, the organization should be no match for Super Guilds at all. Nevertheless, Hidden Soul still managed to take out 130,000 Magic Crystals with ease. One could tell just how powerful the assassin organization was.

“One hundred and thirty-five thousand crystals!” Thousand Miles bellowed.

This price was already nearing his acceptable limit.

“One hundred and forty thousand crystals!” Hidden Soul simply smiled as she placed an even higher bid.

This price already deterred everyone else in the auction hall from competing for the Legacy Shield.

“Damn it! Just who is trying to compete with me!?” Thousand Miles was burning with rage right now. The Magic Knight class was a hidden class perfectly suited to him. Yet, judging by the opponent’s reactions, they still possessed plenty of funds to spare. The other party also seemed adamant in obtaining the Magic Knight Legacy no matter what. “Since you wish to compete against me, I want to see just what kind of ability you have!

“One hundred and sixty thousand crystals!”

The instant he placed this bid, even the players occupying the second-floor rooms were taken aback.

Even Super Guilds would need a long time to accumulate that many Magic Crystals. Yet, now, all these resources were being spent on just an Advanced Legacy. Instead of doing so, getting oneself an entire set of Epic Equipment would be much better. The improvements such a set could bring would definitely be much more than what the Magic Knight class could.

Only when the auctioneer slammed his gavel for the first time did everyone wake up from their daze.

As expected from the Dark Auction.

Hidden Soul could not help but shake her head helplessly, a smile appearing on her face as she turned to look at Thousand Miles’s room.

However, this is also a good outcome. At the very least, I’ll have one less competitor later on.

Now that the Legacy Shield’s price had already reached this point, even she could no longer compete for it.

The reason was not a lack of Magic Crystals.

She had come here this time for two items, one of which was the Magic Knight Legacy that the Flower of Seven Sins had found out about in secret. However, the other item had a higher priority. If she bought the Magic Knight Legacy now, she definitely would not be able to obtain the other item.

When the auctioneer’s gavel descended for the second time, the entire auction hall was still silent. Seeing this situation, Thousand Miles involuntarily breathed out a sigh of relief.

He had permission to use only 140,000 of the Magic Crystals the Guild had prepared for this auction for himself. He had cleared out his own stockpile to cover the excess amount and had even borrowed a lot from Alice.

If someone called out a higher bid now, he really would have no choice but to give up on the Legacy.

Fortunately, however, he was finally able to achieve his goal by spending 160,000 Magic Crystals.

“One hundred and sixty-five thousand!”

Just as the auctioneer’s gavel was about to land for the third time, a new bid rang out again. Immediately, everyone turned to look at Hidden Soul’s room.

“Damn it! Didn’t he already give up?!” A cold glint flashed in Thousand Miles’s eyes.

Meanwhile, inside Hidden Soul’s room, Fallen Wind and Autumn Goose were staring at Shi Feng with dumbfounded expressions.

Why does he have so many Magic Crystals?

A bewildered Hidden Soul also stared at the calm Swordsman. She simply could not believe this situation was true.

If a superpower had offered that many Magic Crystals for the Magic Knight Legacy, she would, at most, feel a little frustrated at her loss. However, Shi Feng didn’t belong to any superpower, yet he still managed come up with this many Magic Crystals; hence her extreme shock.

After all, a first-rate Guild’s stockpile of Magic Crystals did not even amount to half of this price.

Meanwhile, Autumn Goose and Fallen Wind were similarly shocked.

Zero Wing was simply too wealthy!

Just as everyone thought that the price of the Magic Knight Legacy would continue increasing, contrary to expectations, Thousand Miles fell silent.

Although the price had increased by just an additional 5,000 Magic Crystals, this was an amount he could not come up with no matter what right now, unless he utilized the Guild’s prepared Magic Crystals. However, this was obviously not a viable option. Hence, he had no choice but to watch the auctioneer knock his gavel again and again.

“Let us congratulate the guest in Room 017 for obtaining the Magic Knight Legacy!” At this moment, the auctioneer was thrilled. This was only the first auction item, yet it already sold at such a good price. The rest of the auction would no doubt be even livelier.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng also gritted his teeth as he paid 165,000 Magic Crystals to the auction house.

If not for the Seven Luminaries Crystals in the Tower of Time, he wouldn’t spend 165,000 Magic Crystals for the Magic Knight Legacy no matter what.

Following which, auction items sold one after another.

However, rarely any of the subsequent items managed to attract the attention of the players in the second-floor rooms. Those who contested for these items were mainly players in the first-floor hall.

The prices of these items were naturally no match for the Magic Knight Legacy. However, they still sold for at least 200 Gold. There was even another hidden class; however, it was only a Basic Legacy. Eventually, the first-rate Guild Silver Knights purchased it for 18,000 Magic Crystals. Aside from that, a complete Level 40 Dark-Gold Set Equipment also went up for auction.

The various superpowers of God’s Domain considered Level 40 Set Equipment among the best equipment currently available.

When the set equipment appeared, it immediately set off another bidding war in the auction hall.

Eventually, Nine Dragons Emperor bought the eight-piece Wild Claws Set Equipment for 4,450 Gold. At this price, one could already purchase an Epic item.

As the auction proceeded, the finale items of the day were finally ushered into the auction hall.

There were four finale items in total, every one of them posing a great temptation for Shi Feng.

One was an ancient book, one was an Epic Weapon, one was an Epic tool, and the last one was a Secret Technique Tablet.

When Shi Feng had seen the list of items for auction, he nearly had jumped up in fright.

He could not help but admit that the Dark Auction House was really powerful. Every one of these items could only be encountered by luck. Epic Weapons were much more valuable than Epic Equipment. After all, weapons were things that could significantly improve a player’s damage output. Meanwhile, Epic tools were even rarer than Epic Weapons. Moreover, they would not occupy a player’s equipment slots. Even an Epic tool of average Attributes would be far more valuable than an Epic Weapon. All four of the finale items were simply things that usually could not be bought even if one had the money to do so.

This was especially true for the Secret Technique Tablet.

This was something highly sought after by all the various superpowers.

As long as a Guild had a Secret Technique Tablet, they would be able to allow their experts to learn better and more powerful combat techniques. Although Shi Feng wanted to have his Guild members enter the Secret Technique Tablet he possessed, unfortunately, grasping how to produce Intermediate Magic Arrays was simply too difficult. Currently, aside from himself, only two other people had managed to do so. One of them was Violet Cloud, and the other was Alluring Summer. Sending only three people to use the Secret Technique Tablet would be a tremendous waste. Hence, Shi Feng had never bothered using it all this time.

If not for the host trying to increase the Dark Auction’s fame, they definitely wouldn’t sell such a precious item.

“Ladies and gentlemen, the next item up for bids will be the first finale item of today’s auction! Without further ado, let me present to you the one-handed sword Netherworld Brilliance!”

Saying so, the auctioneer publicized Netherworld Brilliance’s information.

Everyone’s eyes glowed when they saw the weapon’s Attributes, drool nearly flowing from their mouths.

As for Shi Feng, he grew even more shocked after reading the weapon’s introduction.

Solomon’s Fragment!