Chapter 1184 - Naval Empire

Chapter 1184 – Naval Empire

“Please don’t disappoint me.”

Abandoned Wave slowly walked up to one of the corpses. He then took a dark gray crystal ball from his bag. A sinister glow flashed in the crystal’s center, making it look like an eyeball. Just looking at it would give someone the creeps.

Abandoned Wave then began to chant an incantation. In the next moment, blood-red mist emerged from the crystal ball, gradually seeping into the corpse.

After a short moment, the player’s corpse began to move.

However, as Abandoned Wave finished the final verse, the dried mummy exploded into a blood-red mist. In the blink of an eye, the crystal reabsorbed the mist.

Damn it! These people are too weak!

Abandoned Wave stomped his feet in frustration. He then opened his system map and looked through it carefully. “It seems that I’ll have to go elsewhere to find experts.

“I recall that place being one of the high-resource maps the Star Alliance occupies. There should be quite a number of experts there. I’ll use you guys to test my new powers.”

Saying so, Abandoned Wave summoned a giant, two-headed wolf. He rode it towards the Sunset Hills, which was only a short distance away from Stone Ape Forest.

…

Storm Empire, Twilight Echo’s Guild Residence:

“Spring, so you’re saying that if we don’t hand over the town’s management rights to Zero Wing, Zero Wing won’t agree to work with us?”

“Zero Wing is playing us for fools! Do they really think that Twilight Echo needs their help to defend a town?!”

“I’ve always said that Zero Wing is unreliable. Rather than working with Zero Wing, we should invest more in the town’s defense. In any case, we have some time before the town’s protection period ends. Moreover, we have the area around the Energy vein under our control. Even if the Nature Hall wants to take it from us, it won’t be that easy for them to steal in our territory.”

“However, we cannot underestimate the Nature Hall, either. I’ve just received a report stating that they have recruited a large number of elite players during their celebration. They have also found many powerful independent players. I’m not sure what methods the Nature Hall has used, but they’ve convinced many powerful adventurer teams to join them as well. Even if Twilight Echo and Seventh Street work together, we are still no match for the Nature Hall.”

“Some major corporation must be supporting the Nature Hall from the shadows. We need to be more careful from now on.”

“Since the situation has reached this point, let’s give up on negotiating with Zero Wing and focus on the Energy vein. As long as we enhance the town’s defenses, with our geographical advantage, even the Nature Hall will have to think twice before they try anything.”

Twilight Echo’s various Elders unanimously agreed that they would not satisfy Zero Wing’s greed.

…

Meanwhile, Shi Feng reached the edge of the Sea of Death aboard his Swift Dragon Speedboat.

Players recognized the Sea of Death as a forbidden land. However, they also called it the Garden of Eden. This was due to the various opportunities that existed alongside the dangers.

In the past, countless players that craved adventure had come to this sea zone. Among them, a few had become famous experts due to fortuitous encounters.

Before Shi Feng entered the Sea of Death, however, he could see massive crashing waves and hear fierce roaring. He immediately knew that sea monsters were the cause of the phenomena.

“The undeveloped Sea of Death really is dangerous.” Shi Feng was slightly astonished as he watched the rising waves in the distance.

Although he did not know the sea monsters’ appearances or numbers, judging by the water’s movement, he could tell that there were quite a few ahead. If he took the risk and continued forward, there was an 80% to 90% chance that he would die. The Swift Dragon Speedboat did not improve his chances.

Unlike the monsters on land, sea monsters all had extremely high HP. They normally had three to five times more than land monsters of the same rank and level. Including the geographical advantage, even a Lord ranked sea monster could easily annihilate a team of 100 elite players.

If five or more sea monsters occupied this route, it would be inaccessible for players. With so many sea monsters in one location, a Boss-rank existence must be present.

A Boss in this area would be at least a Great Lord.

On land, monsters of such rank shouldn’t be provoked, much less at sea. Without a fleet of ships, players would have no choice but to take the long way around.

By Shi Feng’s estimation, there should be over ten sea monsters ahead. With so many, it was possible that a Grand Lord ranked sea monster was present.

Although the Swift Dragon Speedboat was powerful, it would be nothing more than an appetizer for a Grand Lord.

While Shi Feng plotted a different path into the Sea of Death, he discovered a fleet of ships heading towards the sea monsters. It was clear that these players were looking for a raid.

A fleet consisted of at least thirty ships. Of course, fishing boats did not count.

The fleet Shi Feng watched consisted of over a hundred ordinary speedboats and numerous advanced speedboats. There were even a few Bronze Speedboats in the lead.

As the fleet gradually approached the sea monsters, Shi Feng got a clear view of the situation through the Swift Dragon Speedboat’s telescope.

The four Bronze Speedboats in the lead had been decorated with the image of an aqua-blue spear. This image was the fleet’s symbol. These symbols weren’t just for show. They had a similar function, although significantly weaker, to a suppression magic array. Normally, players could only gain such a symbol after registering as a fleet with the Adventurer’s Association.

“The Freedom Alliance?” Shi Feng was surprised when he saw that blue spear. “Why are they here?”

The Freedom Alliance was not a Guild. Rather, it was an organization of various small Guilds and adventurer teams. Of course, not just any Guild or adventurer team qualified to join the alliance. They needed to meet certain criteria to do so. In such a way, the Freedom Alliance combined the powers of various naval Guilds and adventurer teams to form a superpower at sea.

In the past, the Freedom Alliance had been even stronger than some Super Guilds’ naval forces.

However, the Freedom Alliance hadn’t been active in the Sea of Death. Instead, it had occupied the Sea’s End.

The Sea’s End was many times larger than the Sea of Death. It was even considered a naval empire.

The Sea’s End housed cities and alliances that were comprised of numerous islands. The playstyle there wasn’t as intense as on land. Rather, competition between players there wasn’t particularly intense. However, the area was far more dangerous than on the mainland.

Moreover, players that lived in the Sea’s End had been inseparable from naval combat since the moment they joined God’s Domain. Hence, when it came to combat at sea, players from the Sea’s End were far more powerful than even the experts of the various large Guilds.

“They’re just barging in?” Shi Feng was momentarily stunned as he watched the fleet charge towards the sea monsters.