Chapter 1183 - Value Of An Energy Vein

Chapter 1183 – Value of an Energy Vein

The rage in Spring Echo’s eyes lasted for a long while. Seeing as Shi Feng was intent on remaining silent, he could not help but take a deep breath and turned to Aqua Rose, hoping that his niece could talk some sense into her Guild Leader.

If possible, Twilight Echo didn’t want anybody else having a hand in the Energy mine.

However, the Energy mine was simply too eye-catching. Moreover, with the Nature Hall rapidly growing stronger and the long-time rivalry between the two Guilds, it was only a matter of time before the Hall took action against Twilight Echo.

Hence, they had decided to seek cooperation with Zero Wing.

The first reason for this decision was the Energy mine’s defense. The second reason was that they could pull Zero Wing onto the same boat. The Nature Hall wouldn’t go all out against the two Guilds for fear of incurring heavy losses. Spring Echo had already investigated the Energy vein and was certain it was one of the mineral veins that could produce Magic Crystals. A large stock of Magic Crystals would help improve the Guild’s overall strength. Moreover, the various large Guilds were more willing to use Magic Crystals to trade for weapons and equipment.

However, before Aqua Rose could say anything, Shi Feng opened his mouth and spoke again, “These conditions are my bottomline. If you feel that they are inappropriate, you are welcome to choose other partners.”

“Guild Leader?” Aqua Rose hadn’t expected Shi Feng to be this determined.

Not only had Shi Feng asked for 70% of the mine’s profits, but he also wanted full control over the mining town. No sane Guild would agree to that.

Currently, Twilight Echo’s situation in the Storm Empire did not look too good. If properly negotiated, Zero Wing could secure 60% of the mine’s profits. Obtaining the mining town, however, should be impossible. Nobody would easily hand over a town they struggled to obtain.

Aqua Rose wasn’t the only person shocked. Even Gentle Snow was somewhat surprised.

Twilight Echo’s offer was a good thing for Zero Wing. Even without taking control of the town, the Magic Crystal income would boost the Guild’s development.

Although Zero Wing now had a 3-star Guild Residence and the Training Room, at the end of the day, the Training Room only taught players combat basics. If one wished to become an expert, they still needed the battles in the Trial Tower.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, Twilight Echo is willing to give you 70% of the mine’s profits at most. As for the town, we will not part with it.” Spring Echo believed that Shi Feng wanted to intimidate him. After considering Zero Wing’s current situation, eventually, he chose to take a step back.

“It seems Twilight Echo still doesn’t understand the importance of an Energy vein.” Shi Feng could not help but sigh. “Forget it. If you don’t want to hand over the town, our discussion ends here. In any case, the town still has its protection period. Even if other Guilds want it, they can’t do anything against it. Return for now, and consider my offer.”

After saying so, Shi Feng had Fire Dance dismiss Spring Echo and his subordinates away.

Even as Spring Echo left the room, he couldn’t figure out what had just happened. Despite his generosity, Shi Feng had no intentions of negotiating with him.

He even doubted that Shi Feng truly understood the Energy vein’s value.

After seeing Spring Echo depart, Gentle Snow asked, “Guild Leader, is the town really that valuable?”

Zero Wing was already stretched thin with managing Stone Forest Town and the several NPC cities they were based in. Even if Zero Wing obtained another highly valuable town, they couldn’t do anything with it.

After all, a town’s construction and development demanded a lot of manpower and resources.

“The town itself isn’t particularly valuable. The true value lies in the Energy vein. Only, the vein is far more valuable than Twilight Echo can imagine. If they want to defend the Energy vein successfully, Zero Wing needs to control the town. Otherwise, even if we work with Twilight Echo, defending the Energy vein will be impossible. If that’s the case, we might as well stay out of it,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head.

That was an Energy vein they talking about!

It was far more valuable than a Manatite vein. A single Manatite vein had already forced Raven, one of the Six Great Dark Guilds, to go all-out to defend it. Even Raven wouldn’t be able to secure an Energy vein.

In the past, every Energy vein had sparked an intense war. In these wars, first-rate Guilds were little more than cannon fodder.

Yet, Twilight Echo thought that they could defend an Energy vein with the strength of two Guilds. It was wishful thinking.

If it were possible to obtain 50% of an Energy vein’s profits by contributing manpower and resources, Shi Feng would raise both his hands and legs to volunteer. However, God’s Domain was a far crueler place than Spring Echo assumed.

He had only dared to agree with Spring Echo because he had three trump cards.

The first was the Four Towers of Elements. He had the designs for the towers in his hand. As long as they had the materials, they could construct the towers to defend the town.

The second was Phoenix Rain. Phoenix Rain was a Pavilion Master in the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. Dragging her into the fray would deter others from joining the fight.

The third was the Secret Pavilion. He had worked with the Secret Pavilion frequently. Meanwhile, the Secret Pavilion was a transcendental existence in God’s Domain. It was even more of a deterrence than the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

As long as the town was protected by the Four Towers of Elements and had the backing of the Dragon Phoenix Pavilion and Secret Pavilion, other superpowers and first-rate Guilds would have to think twice before moving against the town.

In fact, with how much manpower and resources he would have to invest to have a chance of defending the Energy vein, he was only willing to give Twilight Echo 30% of the profits due to his consideration for Aqua Rose.

Of course, if Zero Wing were sufficiently powerful and could afford to station a million elite members and over ten thousand expert players to defend the town, it might be able to occupy the vein itself. However, that wasn’t possible right now.

Although Shi Feng’s comment had been simple, Gentle Snow and Aqua Rose quickly understood his reasoning. Hence, they said no more.

It was common knowledge that great wealth often attracted disaster.

They hadn’t imagined that the Energy vein was so valuable.

…

“Brother Spring, what do we do now?” a Level 41 Berserker asked after noticing Spring Echo’s silence. “Zero Wing’s asking price is simply too high. We can’t negotiate with them.”

They had come here today to negotiate cooperation. However, instead of gaining Zero Wing’s help, the Guild had chased them out…

“What else can we do? We have to report to the other Elders, word for word. We’ll let them decide. In any case, I’m too lazy to bother with this. If I had known something like this would happen, I would never have agreed to become Acting Guild Leader, to begin with.” Spring Echo’s mood deflated as he rolled his eyes at the brawny man beside him.

Following which, Spring Echo retrieved a Return Scroll and departed from White River City.

…

Elsewhere, Shi Feng used the Teleportation Array in the Residence’s basement to teleport to the Savage Wildland. He was prepared to set out towards the Sea of Death. He handed the rest of the Guild’s matters to Aqua Rose and Gentle Snow.

…

As Shi Feng left White River City, inside Stone Ape Forest within Star-Moon City’s region, a 20-man team of Level 40 elite players fought a Level 43 Stone Ape Chieftain.

“Increase your firepower! The Boss is almost dead!” the Level 41 Ranger leading the team commanded excitedly.

When the Stone Ape Chieftain had less than 10% HP remaining, the team heard an agonizing scream from the back. Everyone instinctively turned towards its source.

“Grand!” the Ranger shuddered when he saw at the dried mummy of his teammate.

This was simply too fast!

In the second between the scream and when the team had turned to look, their Cleric had died.

“How did he die?” The team members couldn’t help their curiosity. “Is it the Chieftain’s Skill?”

As everyone believed this to be the case, a shadow flashed past the team. Suddenly, another scream echoed throughout the area.

“It’s a monster ambush! Be careful!” the Ranger warned his teammates.

However, as soon as he had said so, several more shadows flashed past their group, killing his teammates, one after another. Only those who reacted quickly and activated their Lifesaving Skills managed to survive and caught a glimpse at the shadow’s true appearance.

These black shadows were all humanoid monsters. However, a single horn grew from their heads, and their entire bodies were covered in pitch-black scales. Moreover, when these monsters looked at their team, they looked like hunters toying with their prey.

“Run!”

When the Ranger saw this, he fully understood that they were no match for these monsters.

However, although he made the correct decision, they could not escape their fates. A short moment later, these one-horned monsters slaughtered everyone on the team.

“Hahaha! These humanoid monsters really are astounding! I wonder if another one will emerge from these players?”

After the 20-man team died, a person wandered out of the dense forest. This person radiated a sinister aura, incompatible with the surrounding environment. This person’s skin was dark gray, and a blood-red magic array had been imprinted between his eyebrows. This person did not appear human at all.

If Shi Feng were here, he would definitely recognize this creature as none other than Blackwater’s Guild Leader, Abandoned Wave!