Chapter 1185 - Marine King Creature

Chapter 1185 – Marine King Creature

“What are they trying to do?”

Shi Feng was at a loss when he saw the Freedom Alliance’s fleet charge into the sea monster group without hesitation.

Logically, as veteran sailors, the Freedom Alliance should not have made such a rookie mistake.

Sea monsters were different from monsters on land. Not only were they massive, but they were also capable of influencing the battlefield’s terrain. They also had wide-range attacks, making it very difficult for players to dodge or block. As a result, fighting sea monsters was many times more challenging than monsters on land.

Normally, a fleet had to distribute tasks and prepare before battle. In battles against multiple sea monsters, the ships’ positions were very important. Players would pay for mistakes in blood.

Players would be asking for a beating if they simply charged into battle.

In the majority of land battles, at most, players would pay for mistakes with their lives. However, a mistake out at sea would destroy their ships.

Even if the ship survived after being struck by sea monsters, the ship would lose Durability. When a ship’s Durability fell to a certain point, like weapons and equipment, it could no longer be repaired. Not to mention, the price of repairing a ship was much higher than weapons and equipment. In addition, repairing a ship was more time-consuming.

However, as Shi Feng’s curiosity about the Freedom Alliance’s actions grew, the alliance’s players discovered Shi Feng’s Swift Dragon Speedboat.

“Commander, there’s a speedboat starboard side. By the looks of it, the speedboat should be considerably high quality. Should we chase it away first before the battle?” a Level 41 male Elementalist in dark blue mage robes asked a robust man in a respectful tone.

This robust, leopard of a man was none other than the Freedom Alliance’s Third Fleet commander, Passing Monarch. Practically everyone in the Sea’s End had heard of this man.

“Ignore it. It’s just a speedboat. It won’t affect our operation. If it tries to pull something, we’ll deal with it then,” Passing Monarch casually commanded as he glanced at the Swift Dragon Speedboat. “Alright, enough. We’ll proceed according to plan.”

They had a total of 120 ships. Among them, 24 were advanced speedboats. In addition, they had four Bronze Speedboats. A single speedboat could not disturb their operation. If they wanted to, they could sink it with little more than a thought.

“Understood!”

Immediately, the fleet spread out and gradually circled the group of sea monsters.

“Roar!”

The sea monsters soon noticed the Freedom Alliance’s fleet. They began to surface, revealing their true appearances. Among the sea monsters, one was a massive Sea Serpent King. The serpent’s head alone was the size of a three-story building. When the serpent roared, waves rose and smashed against the Freedom Alliance’s ships.

Aside from this Sea Serpent King, which was hundreds of meters long, there were also many One-horned Sea Serpents, which were roughly 60 to 70 meters in length. If ordinary players saw this, they would most likely pale from fright.

[Sea Serpent King] (Marine King Creature, King-class Sea Monster, Great Lord)

Level 52

HP 160,000,000/160,000,000

[One-horned Sea Serpent] (Sea Monster, Chieftain)

Level 50

HP 18,000,000/18,000,000

A King-class Sea Monster?!

When Shi Feng finally saw the sea monsters’ true appearances, he was shocked.

Sea monsters fell into different categories than monsters on land as they had additional classifications based on their Life Ratings. The higher a sea monster’s Life Rating was, the stronger they were than other sea monsters of the same rank and level. A King Sea Monster, for example, was a Boss among Bosses.

Normally, sea monsters could be categorized as ordinary, Leader-, and King-class. There were also sea monsters of the legendary Titan-class.

The King-class’s Life Rating could already rival that of the Archaic Species on land. Not only were such sea monsters extremely rare, but they were also insanely strong. As for Titan-class Sea Monsters, they were the equivalent of Ferocious Beasts like the Nine-headed Magic Snake, whose Life Rating was even higher than ordinary Dragons. Even Tier 6 Gods would have difficulty killing Ferocious Beasts.

The Sea Serpent King before him was a King-class existence. Despite it being only a Great Lord, it was more than capable of annihilating an entire fleet by itself.

That’s right, annihilation!

Normally, King-class Sea Monsters only lived in extremely dangerous sea zones. They didn’t usually show up in places like this.

As Shi Feng considered steering his ship away from this area, the Sea Serpent King pointed its head at the sky and roared. Dark clouds then began to gather, covering the sky.

As expected of a King-class Sea Monster. It is already capable of using a Domain despite being a Great Lord?

Shi Feng’s expression twisted as he watched the sky.

He was familiar with the move the Sea Serpent King had just used. The Skill was called Weather Control, and as its name suggested, it allowed the Great Lord to control an area’s weather.

In the blink of an eye, waterspouts formed, one after another, enclosing the area and cutting off players’ escape routes. Unless players wanted to risk their lives and sacrifice their ships, there would be no retreat. This was also one of the reasons that fleets would suffer annihilation after encountering King-class Sea Monsters.

However, as if they had predicted this development, the Freedom Alliance’s scattered ships began to activate magic arrays. Together, one hundred speedboats formed a massive, blue magic array that enveloped the zone. Following which, two more similar magic arrays appeared, overlapping.

In the next moment, arcs of blue lightning descended, limiting the sea monster’s movements.

“What a powerful threefold magic barrier.” Shi Feng was stunned when he saw the fleet suppress the Sea Serpent King’s movements.

Normally, magic arrays capable of suppressing King-class Sea Monsters were Intermediate rank at the very minimum.

With every additional layer a magic array possessed, its strength would be increased by one fold. As this was a threefold magic array, its strength tripled.

As Shi Feng watched, the Freedom Alliance’s players began to move. Among them, 100 ships maintained the magic array, while the remaining 20 ships circled and attacking the sea monsters.

Naval battles were different from land battles. Due to sea monsters’ wide-range attacks, players couldn’t dodge with their own Movement Speed. Hence, they needed to rely on their ships to avoid the sea monsters’ attacks. If an attack were truly unavoidable, the ship’s MTs would meet the attack head-on. Meanwhile, players had to rely on ranged classes and their ships’ Attack Power. This was also why ships were more important than experts at sea.

The twenty ships madly bombarded the Sea Serpent King and One-horned Sea Serpents.

Due to the magic array’s suppression, both the Great Lord and the Chieftains’ mobility was limited. With the Freedom Alliance’s high-quality ships, avoiding the sea monsters attacks was relatively easy. Even if an occasional attack struck their ships, the MTs on board received most of the damage, significantly reducing the ship’s Durability loss.

The only troublesome foe was the Sea Serpent King.

Fortunately, the Freedom Alliance’s fleet was very strong. The four Bronze Speedboats were responsible for tanking the Great Lord. Bronze Speedboats possessed a certain damage reduction capability. Only after the ship reduced the initial damage would players receive the attack. If advanced speedboats received one of the Sea Serpent King’s attacks, the MTs on board would die instantly.

Under the constant stream of cannon fire and ranged attacks, the Chieftain ranked One-horned Sea Serpents quickly died off.

Eventually, only the Sea Serpent King remained. However, the Great Lord still possessed over 100,000,000 HP. The more damage the Sea Serpent King received, the more powerful its attacks became. It also grew faster as the battle progressed. It was obvious that the Great Lord had adapted slightly to the magic array’s suppression.

Originally, after five MTs split the damage from an attack, each MT would only lose around one-third of their HP. Now, however, the MTs would lose half of their HPs instantly. If the Sea Serpent King dealt two consecutive attacks, the MTs would be annihilated…

“Increase the healing! If your Mana falls below 25%, use a Mana Recovery Potion immediately! Old Wizard, hold on for a little longer! I’m going to give this little snake a big one!” Passing Monarch commanded when he realized the Sea Serpent King’s attacks were growing more aggressive.

“Leave it to me,” Old Wizard, the captain of the ship currently tanking the Sea Serpent King confirmed and nodded.

However, as soon as he said so, the Sea Serpent King spread its jaws, a large amount of elemental Mana gathering in its mouth. In the next moment, it spat a beam, sweeping across over half of the battlefield. As the beam struck, three advanced speedboats were crippled. As for the other five advanced speedboats that were struck, their Durability dropped to below 50%.

As for the two Bronze Speedboats that had received the attack, they fared slightly better as they hadn’t lost a single player. Unfortunately, the ships’ Durability had fallen by one-fifth…