Chapter 1189 - Equipment Transformation

Chapter 1189 – Equipment Transformation

As a golden glow enveloped Shi Feng’s body, his weapons and equipment also underwent a slight transformation.

Level 50 was a major turning point in God’s domain.

This fact held true for players, monsters, weapons, and equipment.

Among Shi Feng’s items, the Fragmented Legendary ranked Heavenly Dragon’s Breath’s transformation was the most drastic. As if the power that had slumbered within the ring all this time had awakened, the ring’s Basic Attributes increased significantly.

At Level 49, the ring only added 100 points to all Basic Attributes. However, upon reaching Level 50, that number had doubled.

His Epic items, the Seven Luminaries Ring, Killing Ray, Angry Tyrant, Annihilation Shoulder Pads, and Icarus’s Heart had similarly received around a 30% to 35% increase to their Basic Attributes.

The substantial Attribute boost made Shi Feng feel as if he had been reborn.

Basic Attributes affected a player’s physique. The higher a player’s Attributes were, the better their in-game body’s physique became, allowing players to perform feats that were impossible in the real world. This was also why both ordinary players and experts were so desperate for excellent weapons and equipment.

This improvement is simply amazing!

Shi Feng felt quite pleased as he looked at his Attribute Panel.

In terms of Basic Attributes, he was already significantly stronger than a Level 50, Tier 2 player. The only differences were his physique and Skills. These differences were why Tier 2 players could easily defeat Tier 1 players.

In God’s Domain, it wasn’t unheard of for players to possess Attributes that rivaled those of a higher tier. However, due to inferior physiques, they couldn’t challenge those of a higher tier. Normally, players could only make up for the difference in physiques if their Basic Attributes far outstripped their opponent’s.

As players rose to new tiers, their Life Ratings increased slightly, which would, in turn, improve their physique.

For example, while her superior Basic Attributes had been part of the reason for Gentle Snow’s victory over Miracle Dragon, the main reason the 30% physique improvement granted by the Seven Luminaries Battle Armor. This effect alone bolstered Gentle Snow’s physique nearly to that of a Tier 2 player. After taking into account her Attributes, she had the physique of a Tier 2 player.

At the end of the day, challenging experts of a higher tier was very difficult in God’s Domain. Few people were actually capable of doing so. Miracle Dragon was not one of them. Hence, Gentle Snow’s victory hadn’t been unexpected.

This was the terror of tier suppression.

In the past, Shi Feng had suffered due to this truth.

Meanwhile, the Freedom Alliance members had also noticed Shi Feng’s transformation.

“Commander, that person feels particularly dangerous.”

“Just who is he? Not only does he have such a powerful speedboat, but his personal strength is also monstrous.”

…

As everyone looked at Shi Feng, they felt as if they faced an awakened beast. Originally, they had planned to steal the Sea Serpent King’s loot. After all, only their commander had signed a contract with Shi Feng. Now, however, they gave up such thoughts.

Although the tornadoes circling the area had disappeared with the Sea Serpent King’s death, with the Bronze Speedboats’ speed, how could they possibly outrun the Swift Dragon Speedboat?

They had witnessed the Swift Dragon Speedboat’s agility personally. Not even the Sea Serpent King had been able to keep up with it…

The ship also had that frightening Dragon Cannon. Even if they used Magic Scrolls to bolster their Bronze Speedboats’ defenses, it would take only a few shots to drain their boats’ remaining Durability. Moreover, they estimated that the Dragon Cannon’s range spanned more than 800 yards. On the other hand, their Bronze Speedboats only had a range of 500 yards. Shi Feng could easily toy with them until they died.

Using Return Scrolls wasn’t possible either, either. If one picked up a sea monster’s loot, they would have to wait until the two-hour holding period was over before they could use their Return Scrolls.

When Passing Monarch saw the Sea Serpent King’s loots floating on the ocean’s surface, envy flashed in his eyes.

He hadn’t imagined that so many items would drop.

Sea monsters already dropped roughly two or three times more loot than land monsters, yet the Sea Serpent King had dropped over 100 items…

Hah… Forget it. At least we survived and gained a level. It’s better than losing our ships and lives.

Passing Monarch could not help but sigh.

Shi Feng wasn’t the only one who had leveled up after the Sea Serpent King’s death. The Freedom Alliance survivors had also leveled.

Most importantly, all four Bronze Speedboats were still afloat.

The Freedom Alliance only needed to spend a little bit of money to obtain more ordinary speedboats. As for advanced speedboats, they might need to put in some effort, but it was possible to obtain a dozen or so within a short timespan. However, Bronze Speedboats were not easy to replace.

“As expected of a godly tool.” Shi Feng sailed about, frantically collecting the King-class Sea Monster’s loot.

Although he hadn’t triggered a jackpot, the Sea Serpent King was the first King-class Sea Monster to die in this sea zone. As a result, its loot was far more abundant than usual. Normally, a player would be lucky if a King-class Sea Monster dropped around 50 items. Moreover, over 80% usually consisted of materials.

This time wasn’t much different. However, perhaps due to Divine Providence’s effect, among the 100-plus items, over 90 were rare materials used in producing advanced speedboats, Bronze Speedboats, and Small Sailboats.

Among them, the most valuable was Moonlight Wood.

Moonlight Wood was a rare material necessary to produce Bronze Speedboats and Small Sailboats. Fortunately, Shi Feng had obtained a total of 12 logs. Constructing a Bronze Speedboat required ten logs.

After Shi Feng finished picking up the loot, he began to organize the items in his bag.

“Wonderful! A design dropped!”

Shi Feng grew excited as he looked at the leather book in his hands. The pages had already yellowed, and it looked as if it had been many years since anybody had read it. However, after appraising the book and discovering its name, he realized that any Guild would go crazy over this design.

Flying Eagle Speedboat Design!

Although the Flying Eagle Speedboat was not a Bronze Speedboat, it was an advanced speedboat.

With enough Reputation, one could buy ordinary speedboats from certain NPC merchants. However, it was a different story for advanced speedboats. One could only obtain them by completing rare quests or trading special materials that sea monsters dropped.

Now that he had the design for an advanced speedboat, he could build an unlimited number of advanced speedboats as long as he had sufficient materials and a Small Shipyard.

Although the Third Fleet Passing Monarch commanded had become such a powerful force in the Sea’s End due to the four Bronze Speedboats, the twenty-plus advanced speedboats also played an important role.

If Zero Wing could form a fleet of advanced speedboats with the Swift Dragon Speedboat in the lead, the Guild could rank at the top of God’s Domain’s naval powers.

Just thinking about this excited Shi Feng.

There were only a handful of Super Guilds that could rival such a naval force right now. Zero Wing could develop in a coastal NPC city without worry. Even if Super Guilds wanted to pick a fight, they would have to think twice before doing so.

After all, it was far more costly to fight a war at sea than on land. Not only would their Guild members lose levels from dying, but they would also lose their ships. There was no repairing a destroyed ship.

Following which, Shi Feng stored the Flying Eagle Speedboat Design and examined the other dropped items.

Among the 11 remaining items in his bag, Shi Feng discovered a very familiar item.

Thunder Emblem!