Chapter 1188 - Breaking Through The Threshold

Chapter 1188 – Breaking Through the Threshold

The Sea Serpent King’s sudden appearance dumbfounded the Freedom Alliance members.

“What’s going on?”

“Didn’t we kill it already?”

“How did it get even stronger?”

“This is cheating!”

…

Despair swept through the team as they looked at the two-headed Sea Serpent King.

They had already lost over half of their forces to kill the Sea Serpent King. They had even used their Tier 3 Summoning Scroll. At this point, they were both mentally and physically exhausted, yet not only had the Sea Serpent King just revived with full HP, but it also radiated a far more powerful aura than before.

How were they supposed to fight the Sea Serpent King now?

Meanwhile, Shi Feng, who observed from afar, wasn’t surprised by this development.

This was the amazing aspect of King-class Sea Monsters, their true might. The previous fight had simply been a warm-up. Only now would the battle truly begin.

In the past, many fleets had challenged King-class Sea Monsters during the game’s early stages. However, every one of these fleets had suffered annihilation. They simply hadn’t been prepared. If a fleet struggled to defeat a King-class Sea Monster in its first phase, once the Boss entered its second phase, the battle was a lost cause.

Before the team members could regain their senses, both of the Sea Serpent Kings stretched their maws, one spitting flames, while the other spit purple lightning. In the blink of an eye, over half the battlefield drowned in fire and lightning. Any speedboat that encountered both turned to ash immediately.

With a single attack, the Freedom Alliance lost another 16 speedboats, with another dozen or so speedboats dropping below 50% Durability…

“Is it just going to end like this?” Helplessness filled Passing Monarch’s eyes as he stared at the Sea Serpent King.

He now realized that challenging a King-class Sea Monster had been an incredible mistake. Tornadoes enveloped the area around his fleet. It was impossible for their speedboats to break out of this encirclement. Only a Mysterious-Iron Speedboat would have any hope of escape.

When Passing Monarch thought about how the fleet he and his companions had put together after through so much difficulty was about to be destroyed due to his reckless choice, guilt gripped his heart.

Those were four Bronze Speedboats they were talking about!

Their Third Fleet had spent a ton of effort to obtain these Bronze Speedboats. It would take them a very long time to secure another four.

Suddenly, Passing Monarch received another message from Shi Feng.

“Interested in working together now?”

When Passing Monarch read the new message, he was confused.

Do we still have any hope of winning?

Their Tier 3 summoned creature had less than one-third of its HP remaining. They had less than 40 speedboats. Even with the strength of a Mysterious-Iron Speedboat, they had no chance of defeating the Sea Serpent King.

However, when Passing Monarch recalled Shi Feng’s attack against the Serpent King before it had died, he realized that it was possible that the man may have predicted this situation.

Immediately, Passing Monarch sent Shi Feng a friend request. This way, both sides could contact each other with ease.

“If we work together, do we really have a chance of defeating the Sea Serpent King?” Passing Monarch demanded.

“We would’ve had a 50% chance of winning if we had started working together earlier. Now, we only have about a 30% chance,” Shi Feng replied after considering the odds.

“Fifty percent? That high?” Passing Monarch suddenly regretted his earlier dismissal.

Had he known that something like this would happen, he would’ve agreed to team up with Shi Feng earlier.

However, he had no choice but to give it a shot right now. A 30% success rate was better than nothing.

“Alright, I promise you that, as long as we kill the Sea Serpent King, we’ll split the loot fifty-fifty,” Passing Monarch said.

In response, however, Shi Feng shook his head and said, “That was the previous condition. Now, I want all of the loot.”

He had never involved himself with the Freedom Alliance in the past. They were neither friends nor foes. He was already being generous by offering to lend a hand.

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, Passing Monarch’s expression turned indescribably ugly.

However, he had to admit that each side’s standing had transformed. The Freedom Alliance was now at a major disadvantage as Shi Feng could swiftly leave the battlefield with his Swift Dragon Speedboat.

Gnashing his teeth, “Alright! I agree!”

Passing Monarch felt tears well up in his eyes. No matter what was said or done, he was a famous expert that everybody in the Sea’s End knew, yet he was at Shi Feng’s mercy. No one would ever believe this.

Following which, both sides signed a system contract, agreeing that all of the Sea Serpent King’s loot would go to Shi Feng once the Boss died.

Once they finished, Passing Monarch sent Shi Feng a team invite. However, Shi Feng rejected it.

“We’re not forming a team?” Passing Monarch asked, confused.

Normally, naval battles had strict requirements regarding the ships’ positioning. The fleet’s commander needed to issue commands constantly. Since Shi Feng had claimed to have a way to kill the Sea Serpent King, logically, he should join the team and lead it. So, how was he going to issue orders if he did not join the team?

“No need. Your team just needs to focus on one thing. Maintain a distance of 500 yards and attack the Sea Serpent King at maximum range. Leave the rest to me,” Shi Feng explained.

Passing Monarch nearly choked.

What kind of command was this?

Did Shi Feng think he could hold the Sea Serpent King off with just a Mysterious-Iron Speedboat?

Even the Freedom Alliance had to rely on their four Bronze Speedboats and rotate blocking attacks to pin the Boss down.

However, after Shi Feng said this, he disconnected the call. With no other choice, Passing Monarch followed Shi Feng’s command and reorganized his fleet, directing their speedboats keep a distance.

Shi Feng steered the Swift Dragon Speedboat to charge at the Sea Serpent King. As the Great Lord was about to target one of the Bronze Speedboats, Shi Feng fired the Dragon Cannon once more. Only this time, he used a special kind of ammunition.

Basic Mana Pulse Bomb.

Although Zero Wing had used most of the Basic Mana Pulse Bombs they had obtained in the Fallen Ark on the Petrified Tyrannosauruses, Shi Feng had around twenty remaining.

Boom!

When he fired the Dragon Cannon, a black beam struck the Sea Serpent King once more.

-1,574,917!

Tidal waves rose as the Basic Mana Pulse Bomb, combined with the Dragon Cannon’s might, collided with the Sea Serpent King and exploded.

“What kind of attack is that?” Passing Monarch was stunned. “What is that speedboat’s rank?”

A single shot had dealt over a million damage to a King-class Sea Monster. This was inconceivable.

The other Freedom Alliance members were similarly stupefied.

When a few considered their previous claim of annihilating Shi Feng, they felt fortunate that they had not acted on their words. If it really came down to a fight, a single shot from the Swift Dragon Speedboat was likely more than enough to sink a Bronze Speedboat.

However, the Dragon Cannon’s damage didn’t particularly surprise Shi Feng.

After a King-class Sea Monster entered its second phase, while it might seem very strong, that was only true for the surface.

In reality, reaching a Complete State simply meant that a Sea Serpent King had focused its abilities on strengthening its attacks. As a result, however, its Defense and Movement Speed weakened. As long as players pinned the Boss down and had sufficient damage output, victory was in the bag.

However, it was precisely because many fleets in the past hadn’t been capable of distracting King-class Sea Monsters long enough that these monsters had been so difficult to deal with.

Fortunately, the King-class Sea Monster they faced right now was only a Great Lord. Against the Sea Serpent King, the Secret-Silver ranked Swift Dragon Speedboat had the advantage regarding speed. In addition, the Dragon Cannon was sufficiently powerful to hold aggro. If not for these factors, Shi Feng would’ve long since fled the battlefield.

King-class Sea Monsters also tended to use Skills, and almost every Skill they had was an AOE. If a fleet couldn’t defeat a King-class Sea Monster before their overall firepower fell to the minimum requirement, it would be obliterated.

After Shi Feng had fired the Dragon Cannon, the Sea Serpent King was relatively battered. The cannon fire had blown apart a large section of its scales, leaving behind a huge scorch mark.

“Roar!”

The Sea Serpent King glared at the Swift Dragon Speedboat. Aside from a hint of fear, its gaze radiated killing intent. Without hesitation, both its heads opened their mouths and bombarded the Swift Dragon Speedboat with fire and purple lightning.

It seems that the attack was quite effective.

Now that he had solidified his hold on the Sea Serpent King’s aggro, Shi Feng turned his speedboat and fled. He activated Accelerate, increasing the Swift Dragon Speedboat’s Movement Speed by 100%, easily avoiding the incoming attacks.

The Swift Dragon Speedboat was already faster than the Sea Serpent King. After activating Accelerate, Shi Feng maintained a distance of 600 yards from the Sea Serpent King and attack at maximum range. This distance was also the Serpent King’s limit. With this, the Sea Serpent King couldn’t attack him, but it wouldn’t give up the chase, either.

“Just who is he?” Shock filled Passing Monarch as he watched Shi Feng’s control over the Swift Dragon Speedboat and the boat’s speed.

Passing Monarch finally understood why Shi Feng had told him to leave the rest to him.

In such a way, Shi Feng led the Sea Serpent King in circles. All the Freedom Alliance’s speedboats needed to do was bombard the Boss and avoid the occasional AOE attack.

As time went by and the Sea Serpent King’s HP decreased, the Freedom Alliance’s speedboats sank, one after another. Even Shi Feng sometimes made a mistake and received one or two of the Great Lord’s attacks. Fortunately, as a Secret-Silver Speedboat, the Swift Dragon Speedboat had frightening Defense. It only lost around 30 Durability after a direct hit. As for Shi Feng, he had deflected the damage using Defensive Blade or Absolute Defense.

When the Sea Serpent King’s HP fell to 1%, it went berserk and used its strongest power. Both its heads merged the fire and lightning, launching an attack that consumed a radius of 1,000 yards.

Seeing this, Shi Feng activated Magic Barrier, making the Swift Dragon Speedboat immune to all Spell attacks and neutralizing the Sea Serpent King’s damage. As for the Freedom Alliance’s side, aside from the four Bronze Speedboats, which used Magic Scrolls to protect themselves, the remaining speedboats were destroyed.

Meanwhile, after the Sea Serpent King used its ultimate move, it entered a Weakened state.

Using this opportunity, Shi Feng activated Divine Providence. After waiting for the four Bronze Speedboats to launch a wave of attacks, he fired the Dragon Cannon, which he had loaded with a Basic Mana Pulse Bomb.

-2,148,267!

A massive damage appeared above the Sea Serpent King’s head, devouring its remaining 1% HP.

“Roar!”

After one final roar, the Serpent King crashed into the sea.

Shi Feng’s experience bar rose rapidly.

Sea monsters already provided far more EXP than land-based monsters as players couldn’t easily kill the average sea monster, not to mention King-class Sea Monsters. However, Shi Feng had stolen half of the Sea Serpent King’s EXP for himself. With the bonus EXP he had obtained from killing a monster of a higher level, one could just imagine how abundant the rewarded EXP was.

Suddenly, Shi Feng heard the sound of a system notification.

–

System: Congratulations! You have reached Level 50!