Chapter 1181 - New Overlord

Chapter 1181 – New Overlord

Storm Empire, imperial capital Storm City:

Although the sky grew darker, the imperial capital shone brightly. Players crowded the streets. Storm City’s Teleportation Hall was particularly packed. Players flooded into the city, one group after another. It was far livelier than in White River City.

At this moment, a group of players appeared in the Teleportation Magic Array that was the size of half a basketball court. Although it was only a 20-man team, these players were all very high-leveled. The lowest among them was Level 42, and the highest was Level 44.

As these players did not wear Black Cloaks to hide their levels, the instant they appeared, they attracted almost everyone’s attention in the Teleportation Hall. Many stared at these players with a mixture of awe and fear.

Everyone was curious about this powerful group’s sudden appearance.

After all, the current number one player on the Storm Empire’s Ranking List was only Level 43. Moreover, that person had only recently reached Level 43. The most unbelievable thing was that none of these players wore a Guild Emblem, proving that they were not from a Guild, but independent players…

If Shi Feng were here to see this, he would definitely recognize this group. This team of 20 was none other than the peak adventurer team Owl. The person leading the team was Owl’s commander, White Night. White Night was already a Level 44 Ranger. Frozen Dream, the Elementalist who stood beside him, had also reached Level 44.

“Commander, this place is really lively! I think that there are as many people here as there are in Flame Dragon City!” Frozen Dream, who wielded an icy-blue, crystal staff, said, slightly surprised as she surveyed the Teleportation Hall.

Flame Dragon City was the Flame Dragon Empire’s, one of the Four Great Empires, imperial capital. The player population there far outstripped other empire’s capitals.

The Storm Empire wasn’t particularly powerful. It was only on par with the Black Dragon Empire. Moreover, the empire occupied a relatively remote area. Logically, the city’s prosperity shouldn’t be a match for Black Dragon City, yet the current commotion was shocking.

At a glance, Frozen Dream could tell that practically every player in the Teleportation Hall was Level 38 or above. Among these players, there were even Level 40 and Level 41 experts.

Aside from the players’ high levels, there were also a considerable number of Guilds.

From the various Guild Emblems Frozen Dream could see, at least 100 Guilds had gathered here. Among them, quite a few were first-rate Guilds.

“There should be nothing surprising about this. Have you forgotten why we have come?” White Night asked calmly, chuckling.

“Did the Nature Hall invite them?” Frozen Dream quickly came to a realization.

“Not exactly. Only a small portion has actually received invites. The other Guilds have simply taken the initiative to come here to express their goodwill. After all, the situation in the Storm Empire has changed. As for the independent players, I’m willing to bet that 80% of them are here to join the Nature Hall,” White Night said, shaking his head.

They had come here because they had received an invite from the Nature Hall, a first-rate Guild, to celebrate the Guild’s achievement of becoming Storm City’s ruler.

God’s Domain didn’t have many empires. Until now, the Storm Empire’s capital had been under the rule of the super-first-rate Guild, Nine-star Family. However, nobody had expected the Nature Hall, which had an intense competition with Twilight Echo, to wage a violent war against the Nine-star Family.

This war had sparked due to the mineral vein beneath a particular town.

Everyone had thought that the Nature Hall had lost its mind to battle the Nine-star Family. It was madness.

In the end, however, the Nine-star Family suffered a devastating defeat, and the Nature Hall had taken possession of the town.

No one had expected this outcome, either. Although the Nine-star Family was a relatively weak super-first-rate Guild, at the end of the day, it was still a bona fide super-first-rate Guild. No first-rate Guild could afford to provoke it.

When the war had ended, everyone believed that the Nine-star Family would exact its revenge on the Nature Hall. Shockingly, however, the Nine-star Family had withdrawn from Storm City.

With the Nine-star Family’s retreat, the Nature Hall had grown stronger with each passing day. It had even shocked other first-rate Guilds. In the end, nobody could stop the Nature Hall from taking control of Storm City. Meanwhile, today was the day that the Nature Hall took full control. Today, it became the number one Guild in the Storm Empire.

As Owl had done some business with the Nature Hall in the past, the adventurer team had received an invite to the Guild’s celebration.

As soon as White Night and the others left the Teleportation Hall, a group of Shield Warriors and Guardian Knights wearing uniform equipment appeared before them. A strict-looking man stood at the lead of this group. The man looked to be in his thirties and had a cross-shaped knife scar across his face. He was fully geared in silver armor and carried a mountain axe that was as tall as himself on his back.

The man’s level was also impressive. He was actually Level 42.

“Hello, Mister White. I am Abyssal Thunder. Guild Leader Universe sent me to receive you. Your carriages have already been prepared,” Abyssal Thunder said as he pointed at the advanced carriages parked beside him.

The passersby on the street were stupefied by this scene.

“Who are these people?”

“Amazing! The Nature Hall’s security team is actually welcoming them personally! Even first-rate Guilds don’t get such treatment!”

“Level 44! Could they be the overlords of some other city?”

When the passersby saw White Night and the others climb into the advanced carriages, they were jealous.

…

As the Nature Hall celebrated its success, several strangers appeared before Zero Wing’s Residence in White River City. These people were all very high-leveled, with the lowest among them being Level 41. They all wore Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment, becoming the envy of those lining up to apply to Zero Wing.

“Brother Spring, Zero Wing is astounding! I can’t even see the end of the line of elite players! I’m afraid that it won’t be long before Zero Wing’s elite member count even surpasses Twilight Echo,” a robust, tanned Level 41 Shield Warrior exclaimed when he saw the crowd at the main entrance.

“That’s right!” the middle-aged man named Spring Echo said, sighing ruefully.

Nobody could’ve imagined that, within such a short time, the little girl that left Twilight Echo had managed to develop a small, unknown Guild into its current state.

The family’s old bastards were particularly stupefied.

To elevate the family’s strength, those old bastards had tried to force Aqua Rose into a marriage with Brilliant Wargod. Now, however, Aqua Rose was getting by even better than those old bastards.

If not for Aqua Rose being Zero Wing’s Vice Guild Leader, they wouldn’t be here to meet the mysterious Guild Leader today.

Following which, Spring Echo led the four people behind him into Zero Wing’s Residence.

After entering the Guild Hall, Spring Echo was flabbergasted by what he saw.

The players occupying the first-floor hall were all Level 36 and above. Moreover, he could tell that the Level 36 and Level 37 players were only ordinary members. However, this was not the reason for Spring Echo’s shock.

Rather, he was surprised by the equipment these players wore. The majority of these players were equipped with Level 35 Secret-Silver Equipment, with the most inferior being Level 35 Mysterious-Iron Equipment.

As for the elite players that had reached Level 40, they actually wore Level 40 Fine-Gold Equipment. Not even Twilight Echo could say the same.

As Spring Echo and his group quietly waited inside the reception room, Aqua Rose entered.

The instant Aqua Rose stepped inside the room, Spring Echo and the others astounded once more.

At this moment, Aqua Rose did not wear a Black Cloak to hide her level and equipment, so everyone saw that she had already reached Level 48!