Chapter 1180 - Prototype Sacred Land

Chapter 1180 – Prototype Sacred Land

White River City, Adventurer’s Association:

When Shi Feng, who hid under a Black Cloak, descended the stairs from the second floor, he was greeted by a sea of players crowding the first floors. The majority of these players shared one similarity; they were all Guild players. Moreover, these Guild were all high-leveled with good equipment.

“What are these people trying to do?” a newcomer, who had just reached Level 10 and had come to report to the Adventurer’s Association, asked.

“Is there even a need to ask? They’re all here to withdraw from their Guilds,” a Level 30-plus Shield Warrior explained from his seat near the entrance.

“Why?” The explanation only increased the new player’s curiosity.

While it wasn’t unusual to see players withdraw from their Guilds, this was the first time he had seen so many people from different Guilds at the same time.

“You’re new, so it’s expected that you don’t know. They’re leaving their original Guilds to join Zero Wing,” the Shield Warrior said enviously as he watched the various Guild players. “Zero Wing is on a roll. Its Residence already has 3-star Private Rooms. If you rest in one of those rooms for 24 hours, you’ll accumulate 30% of Double EXP buff. Moreover, it has the Employment Center now. I heard that Zero Wing went all out, making sure it’ll be stylish. The building has two floors. On the first, players can pick up ordinary and advanced Guild Quests, and the second floor allows players to pick up large-scale Guild Quests. The large-scale Guild Quests award far more than the advanced Quests.

“Even elite members have a hard time picking up an advanced Guild Quest in other Guilds. In Zero Wing, however, even ordinary members can pick one up. Once you become one of Zero Wing’s elites, you can even pick up large-scale Guild Quests. As long as Guild members have sufficient Contribution Points, they can also upgrade their Guild Emblem to Bronze rank and get some bonus Attributes.

“You’re a newcomer, right? Now is the best time for you to join Zero Wing. I heard that as long as Guild members are willing to spend some Contribution Points, you can receive guidance from NPCs in their new Training Room and learn basic combat techniques and Skill-utilization techniques. Those will help you become an expert quickly.”

The Shield Warrior’s words immediately caught the attention of the various newcomers within the Adventurer’s Association.

They were all new to God’s Domain, and they were completely new to the game’s combat styles. As a result, they had a lot of trouble against monsters. Moreover, they had to learn the combat techniques on their own. When they saw players easily solo two or three Common monsters simultaneously, they were jealous. Naturally, a location where they could improve their combat techniques would be tempting.

“May I know where I can apply to join Zero Wing?” a beautiful, charming Level 10 female Cleric excitedly asked the Shield Warrior.

In response, the Shield Warrior smiled as he pointed at a group of players that had just withdrawn from their old Guilds and said, “That’s simple. Just follow the players that just left their old Guilds. They’re all going to apply as well.”

When the several newcomers heard this, they immediately followed after the players that had just withdraw from their Guilds and left the Adventurer’s Association.

Shi Feng could not help his shock.

He had never imagined that a 3-star Guild Residence would be such a powerful influence.

It had only been a short time since he had upgraded Zero Wing’s Residence, yet so many elite players were leaving their old Guilds to join his.

What Shi Feng didn’t know was that a long line had already formed outside of Zero Wing’s Residence. These players were all there to apply for the recruitment test. Quite a few were even Guild players from other cities.

The crowd made it difficult for Zero Wing’s members to enter and leave the Residence. Moreover, this situation wasn’t isolated to White River City;, the same was happening in Stone Forest Town. Only, unlike the players in White River City, the majority of those applying to join Zero Wing in Stone Forest Town were independent players.

These players weren’t just applying to Zero Wing because the Guild now had a 3-star Residence. They were even more inspired by Stone Forest Town’s massive transformation.

Aside from the town’s amazing Mana Density, Stone Forest Town had recently undergone major reconstruction. Far more merchant NPCs now visited the town. There was also the newly-reopened Battle Arena. The town was simply too tempting.

As long as they joined Zero Wing, even as an ordinary member, they could easily travel back to Stone Forest Town. Their leveling spots would no longer be limited to the Stoneclaw Mountains. Moreover, they would have a shorter waiting time when entering the Battle Arena. To players that loved adventure and improving their combat techniques, becoming a member of Zero Wing was ideal.

While Shi Feng had been in the Adventurer’s Association, he had also implemented a new option for Stone Forest Town–the sale of Private Houses!

When Stone Forest Town had been a Basic Town, it had simply been too small. Zero Wing barely had enough space for its own development, let alone selling precious land. However, things had changed. After its promotion to an Intermediate Town, Stone Forest Town grew to occupy several times more land than before. As part of his plan for the town’s development, Shi Feng had used some space to construct Private Housing.

He would sell a small portion of these Private Houses to the public, while the remainder would be reserved for Guild members. It was a kind of Guild benefit. As long as one became an elite member, they would qualify to purchase a Private House of their own. Only, they would have to do so with Guild Contribution Points. Fortunately, they would enjoy lower prices than the houses sold to the public.

Many of God’s Domain’s players dreamed of owning a Private House, not to mention living in a Mana-dense environment like Stone Forest Town.

The Private Houses had already become a hot topic among Stone Forest Town’s players.

“Zero Wing is so stingy! They’re only selling a hundred houses to the public! There are so many independent players in this town. How is this supposed to be enough for all of us?!”

“I don’t know if there’s going to be enough to go around, but what I do know is that Zero Wing is too fraudulent! Even the cheapest house costs 400 Gold! This price is almost as much as an outer-area Shop in a minor NPC city! Even independent experts are lucky if they have 100 Gold on hand. How could anyone afford such expensive houses?!”

“I know, right? However, our adventurer team is prepared to pool our funds to purchase one. This way, our Guild will have a gathering point. We won’t have to waste our time on hotels anymore.”

“Your team is going to have an awesome time, then. As long as you become 2-star adventurers, you can purchase a Fixed Teleportation Array and set it up in the house. You’ll be able to transfer directly to your house. That’s way better than joining Zero Wing!”

“However, I’m betting that the large Guilds are going to purchase most of these houses.”

“That shouldn’t be possible. Zero Wing has already stated that other Guilds are not allowed to purchase houses. Moreover, the buyers to sign a contract with Zero Wing. Even if people from the various large Guilds try to buy a house, they can’t.”

…

As Shi Feng relaxed in an advanced carriage, heading to the Candlelight Trading Firm to store the Bronze Tablet in the warehouse, he received a call from Aqua Rose.

“Guild Leader, Twilight Echo contacted me stating that they have something to discuss with you,” Aqua Rose joyfully announced.

“Don’t tell me Glorious Echo is looking for me?” Shi Feng frowned.

He did not have a particularly good impression of Glorious Echo. However, he was rather grateful because, if not for him, Aqua Rose wouldn’t have joined Zero Wing.

“No. The Elders have already sacked Glorious Echo. One of my uncles is managing the Guild temporarily,” Aqua Rose said, shaking her head.

“Alright, then. I still have some matters to deal with, so have him wait in the Residence for a while.”