Chapter 1195 - Mistaken Calculations

Chapter 1195 – Mistaken Calculations

“Commander, these people are too strong. If this continues, we’ll all die here,” Blue Joy said hurriedly through the team chat. “We need to find a way to leave this place.”

After she had activated her Berserker Skill, she might barely be able to prevail in a one-on-one; however, in a one-on-two situation, she would only be suppressed.

Although she was not the best at PvP in the Third Fleet, she could still rank within the top ten. Hence, if she was already faring so poorly, there was no need to mention how the other Freedom Alliance members were doing.

Right now, their only advantage was the fact that none of these Demon players could use Berserk Skills. This provided them, who could use Berserk Skills, an edge in Basic Attributes and allowed them to hold off the Demon players for now. However, the duration of Berserk Skills was simply too short. If the other side dragged out the battle long enough, their side would definitely get wiped out.

“Just who are these people?” Passing Monarch was also extremely anxious right now.

The members of their Third Fleet could be considered experts in the Sea’s End. He was even one of the top ten experts in the entire Freedom Alliance.

Nevertheless, after he arrived at the Sea of Death, it was as if he had come to an entirely different world as he met one expert after another. There would’ve been no problem if it was just Shi Feng. Now, however, among the hundred-plus players assaulting them, every one of their opponents was an expert superior to them. He even began doubting whether he was playing the same game as he had been up to now.

Despite Passing Monarch having already activated his Berserk Skill, his Strength and speed superior to the black-clothed Ranger’s, he failed to land any attacks on the Ranger at all. It was as if the Ranger had seen through all of his attacks. The Ranger could not only dodge his attacks easily but also launch attacks at his blind spots while dodging, and this left him no choice but to defend himself. Even launching counterattacks became difficult.

If not for the healers at the rear line healing him, he would’ve already perished by now.

Currently, less than 70 people remained in the Third Fleet. Against the Flower of Seven Sins members, not only did they not possess a numerical advantage, but they were also inferior in quality.

“Everyone, gather together! Destroy all the speedboats and retreat!” Passing Monarch commanded as he gritted his teeth.

Now that the outcome of the battle was already obvious, there was no meaning in them continuing this battle. Without a doubt, they would be annihilated, and their speedboats would fall into the Flower of Seven Sins’s hands. Rather than accepting such an outcome, it would be much better to destroy their speedboats. That way, neither side would end up winning.

As soon as Passing Monarch said so, however, he saw a two-meter-tall Berserker blasted from the Swift Dragon Speedboat. As the Berserker’s body crashed heavily into the icy ground, his HP fell by over 3,000.

“Torrent, are you alright!?”

Several nearby Flower of Seven Sins members could not help but look at the Level 42 Berserker in surprise.

Although Violent Torrent’s combat standard was only average for their team, he was equipped with a complete set of Level 40 Fine-Gold Set Equipment and wielded a Level 40 Dark-Gold battle axe. In terms of Strength, he could rank within the top five among their team.

After Demonizing, his Strength would have increased by 17%. Even a Berserker equipped with a complete set of Level 40 Dark-Gold Set Equipment would lose out slightly to Violent Torrent in terms of Strength. Despite that, he had actually been sent flying by a Swordsman. It was simply inconceivable.

“I’m fine. My hands are just a little numb. It seems his Berserk Skill should be a Strength-oriented one. You guys should be careful,” the Berserker named Violent Torrent replied nonchalantly as he shook his hands.

The others nodded in response to his words. They then began carefully approaching Shi Feng.

After they transformed into Demons, they would lose the ability to use Berserk Skills—the price they had to pay to become Demons. Otherwise, it would simply be too overpowered if they could stack the Attribute bonus they received from Demonizing with the effects of a Berserk Skill. The Main God System obviously would not allow this to happen.

However, although their Demon transformation indeed did not provide as many Attributes as a Berserk Skill did, the 15% improvement to their physiques allowed them to dodge even attacks from opponents with superior Attributes. With this, they could slowly whittle down their opponents.

At this time, a Level 42 silver-robed Elementalist said, “Since it’s a Strength-oriented Berserk Skill, we’ll attack him from a distance.”

“I’ll support you guys from the side,” Violent Torrent said as he dashed back towards the Swift Dragon Speedboat.

However, the Flower of Seven Sins members had obviously misunderstood something. Shi Feng did not have any of his Berserk Skills activated right now. His previous slash was simply a normal attack.

The reason why Violent Torrent went flying was entirely the recent upgrade to Shi Feng’s equipment. He had yet to adapt himself to the changes. Hence, he had failed to control his power properly and unintentionally sent Violent Torrent flying.

When Violent Torrent was halfway back to the Swift Dragon Speedboat, Shi Feng had already jumped down from the craft. He then used Wind Blade and dashed at the Berserker, his speed so fast that nobody managed to catch a clear sight of him.

So fast!

By the time Violent Torrent reacted, Shi Feng was already before him, the Abyssal Blade descending towards him.

Peng!

Violent Torrent instinctively executed Whirlwind Slash to block the Abyssal Blade.

What power!

The intense force pushing down on Violent Torrent nearly drove him to his knees. Fortunately, the icy ground had served to cushion some of the impact, though weblike cracks formed on the ice layer as a result.

However, almost at the same time as Violent Torrent stopped the Abyssal Blade with his battle axe, Shi Feng slashed Killing Ray at the Berserker’s chest.

Chop!

-25,578!

Instantly, Violent Torrent lost close to a quarter of his 110,000 HP.

Demon players sure have high HP and Defense.

Shi Feng was slightly surprised.

If Violent Torrent were an ordinary Level 42 Berserker, Shi Feng could have reduced the Berserker’s HP to a critical level in one attack.

Demon players didn’t just have a lot of HP. Their Defenses got a significant boost as well. Hence, it was very difficult for ordinary players to capture Demon players. Normally, one would need at least a party of players to capture a Demon player of the same level. Due to this, quite a few independent players and Dark Players would choose to become a Demon.

In the past, even the expansion pack “Demon’s Return” was triggered. Meanwhile, one of the conditions for triggering this expansion pack was the number of Demon players in God’s Domain reaching a certain level.

After the Demon’s Return expansion pack was triggered, a Demon empire suddenly appeared in God’s Domain. The incident back then had thrown God’s Domain into chaos.

“Who is that guy? Why can he cause so much damage to Torrent?”

Several Flower of Seven Sins members nearby were momentarily stunned.

They were fully aware of how frightening their Defense became after transforming into Demons. Not to mention, the Berserker class was a plate armor class. A Berserker of the same level would be fortunate to deal -6,000 damage to Violent Torrent after using a powerful Skill. Despite all that, Shi Feng had inflicted over -20,000 damage on Violent Torrent with just the most basic Chop Skill.

At this time, an Assassin snapped out of his daze and shouted hurriedly, “Quickly heal Torrent!”

If even an ordinary Skill could already deal so much damage, then Shi Feng could kill Violent Torrent in just a few moves. If Violent Torrent did not receive enough heals in time, the Swordsman would make short work of him.

“Mhm.” A blue-robed Demon Cleric quickly began chanting.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng sent a glance at the Freedom Alliance members, noticing that they would not be able to hold out for much longer, as they had already begun destroying their own speedboats.

I need to finish them off fast.

Having no other choice, Shi Feng activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power.

The instant Shi Feng activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power, a golden glow wrapped around his body. Faint golden dragon scales appeared around his body, making it seem as if he had just donned dragonscale armor. His body also exuded an invincible aura.

He then sent a slash at the Berserker before him.

Illusory Shadow!

Before Violent Torrent could see what was going on, six streaks of blue light cut across his body, penetrating his tough armor. With a face filled with confusion, he fell to the ground as his HP reached zero.