Chapter 1190 - Authority

Chapter 1190 – Authority

“Is this the benefit of killing a King-class Sea Monster?”

Shi Feng was surprised and overjoyed as he looked at the purple-gold lightning emblem in his hand.

The Thunder Emblem!

As its name suggested, it was a Thunder Island emblem.

One could also say that it was an authority symbol for Thunder Island.

Any Guild that obtained the Thunder Emblem would have a major advantage when contesting for authority over Thunder Island.

As far as Shi Feng knew, Thunder Island had a total of ten Thunder Emblems. If one obtained all ten, they would become Thunder Island’s absolute master.

However, only five Thunder Emblems had ever been discovered in the past, and every Guild that obtained these Thunder Emblems had been one of the dominant forces on Thunder Island.

The Thunder Emblem had three main functions.

Its first was similar to the Thunder Pass. Unlike the Thunder Pass, however, each emblem allowed up to 50 players to participate in Thunder Island’s contest.

Every time a contest was about to begin, a fixed number of Thunder Passes would drop from sea monsters in the Sea of Death. However, that didn’t count the Thunder Emblem’s 50 slots. If one could gather all ten Thunder Emblems, they could bring an additional 500 players to the island.

The Thunder Emblem’s second function was the Thunder Domain. While on Thunder Island, players wielding the emblem could suppress all enemies within a 500-yard radius.

However, this suppression effect was not particularly strong, only reducing players’ Basic Attributes by 5%. However, the suppression worked wonders against the island’s monsters as it could reduce their Basic Attributes by up to 30%.

As for the third function, it granted advanced authority on Thunder Island.

This Advanced authority was the Thunder Emblem’s most important function.

If a Guild wanted to develop on Thunder Island, having sufficient authority was extremely important. Without enough authority, one couldn’t do anything. As players gained more authority, they could enjoy more benefits on the island.

Currently, the various superpowers were vying for Thunder Island. However, even if they occupied the area, they could only gain basic authority. Ordinary players had no hope of gaining any authority whatsoever.

However, one’s authority wouldn’t remain constant, either. If one wanted more, they could contribute to Thunder Island.

On Thunder Island, authority was categorized into ordinary, basic, intermediate, advanced, and master controller.

If an ordinary player wanted to become an ordinary controller, they needed 300 Thunder Contribution Points.

Reaching the basic rank required 3,000 Thunder Contribution Points, 10,000 points to reach the intermediate rank, and 100,000 points to reach the advanced rank.

After reaching the advanced rank, one could only increase their authority if they obtained all ten Thunder Emblems.

As Shi Feng examined the Thunder Emblem in his hand, he began playing with the idea of occupying a part of Thunder Island himself.

In the past, Thunder Island had been known as a sacred land at sea. Countless players had wanted to live on the island. After all, traveling to dangerous sea zones would be more convenient from Thunder Island than it would be from a coastal town or city. Occupying a corner of the island would do wonders for Zero Wing’s development.

Zero Wing also qualified to do so right now due to the Flying Eagle Speedboat Design he had just obtained.

He admitted that Zero Wing was no match for the various superpowers on land. However, the competition at sea relied on more than a Guild’s number and quality of experts. A Guild’s ships played a far greater role.

Shi Feng decided that he needed to begin mass-producing the Flying Eagle Speedboats, forming a formidable Zero Wing Fleet. With his fleet’s strength and the Thunder Emblem, occupying a corner of Thunder Island could be more than just a dream.

Following which, Shi Feng contacted Melancholic Smile and had her begin collecting Diamond Wood, the Flying Eagle Speedboat’s core material.

Diamond Wood was relatively rare, specifically used to construct advanced ships. Few kingdoms and empires produced the wood.

Fortunately, he had previously negotiated with the Secret Pavilion and traded a Magic Tower for twenty locations that provided Diamond Wood.

Although the Secret Pavilion had yet to complete their side of the deal, he could have Melancholic Smile send people to these minor cities to negotiate prices with potential vendors. Once their bargain with the Secret Pavilion was fulfilled, they could stockpile Diamond Wood.

The Sea Serpent King had also dropped five Thunder Passes, each allowing up to ten players to join the contest on Thunder Island.

To the various superpowers vying for Thunder Island, these passes were incredibly tempting. To Shi Feng, however, they were not particularly useful as Zero Wing currently did not have that many experts. The Thunder Emblem’s 50 slots were more than enough.

“I have wondered which items I should sell at the Candlelight Auction. These passes should work well as an attraction,” Shi Feng muttered, smiling at the five passes in his hand.

In reality, he could sell the passes to Phoenix Rain. However, doing so would cause her to question their origin.

One needed to kill Boss-rank sea monsters in the Sea of Death to obtain the Thunder Passes. However, Zero Wing was a land-based Guild that did not possess any naval power. So, how could Zero Wing kill Boss-rank sea monsters?

Zero Wing didn’t have a foundation at sea. It was still too early to contest for Thunder Island, so exposing their trump cards was not wise. Even if they wanted to reveal their strength, they needed to do so after forming their fleet of advanced speedboats.

Zero Wing simply needed to sit back and watch the various superpowers fight each other while slowly building their own naval power. Moreover, the Sea of Death was still too dangerous for current players. Even if they secured a share of Thunder Island, it would be of little use. The various superpowers only contested for the island because they wanted a head start in accumulating contribution points. Since he had the Thunder Emblem, he had no need to do that.

There were three Tier 3 Magic Scrolls among the remaining five items the Sea Serpent King had dropped: a Tier 3 Summoning Scroll, a Tier 3 large-scale destruction Spell, and a Tier 3 Defensive Scroll. Of the last two items, one was an Epic staff, Fallen Language, while the other was a Bronze-rank Small Sailboat, the One-horned Sailboat.

What?! A complete Small Sailboat actually dropped?!

Shi Feng was momentarily stunned when he saw the transparent crystal bottle.

Previously, he had obtained a Small Sailboat from the Fallen Ark. However, even now, the Hurricane Sailboat was unusable. Although he had asked Burning Abyss to repair it, even Burning Abyss, who was a Master Engineer, was powerless. The divine ruins inside the sailboat were simply too damaged. At the very least, one needed a Grandmaster Engineer to repair the Hurricane Sailboat. The sailboat’s container also needed to be replaced.

However, the Hurricane Sailboat’s container was not ordinary as it had been crafted with the rare Epic material, Space Crystal.

Current players had no access to this material. Hence, Shi Feng had no choice but to set the matter aside for now. Otherwise, with the Mysterious-Iron ranked Hurricane Sailboat, he would be invincible at sea.

Now that he had obtained a complete Bronze-rank Small Sailboat, how could he not be excited?

With this Small Sailboat, he could easily deal with many of the issues plaguing him.