Chapter 1197 - Demon God

Chapter 1197 – Demon God

At this moment, fear filled the eyes of the black-clad Ranger as he looked at Shi Feng.

If the opponent was only a peak expert, then after transforming into a High Demon, he could more or less resist if he teamed up with Scorpion. Once Shi Feng’s Berserk Skill was over, they could then counterattack.

However, the Swordsman before them was evidently not just a peak expert. Forget the two of them working together, even if he had everyone in the team come over, they would merely be throwing their lives away. The disparity in Attributes between both sides was simply too massive.

Even he, who was a High Demon, had not managed to get a clear look at Shi Feng’s attacks.

High Demons received a 20% improvement to their physiques, which was 5% more than Low Demons. Their Main Attributes would also increase by 20%. Yet, even then, he still could not keep up with Shi Feng.

“We’re retreating!”

Saying so, the Ranger immediately extended his wings in preparation to leave. At the same time, he had also sent the command to withdraw in the team chat.

“But what about the situation on Boss Brute’s side?” the Elementalist named Scorpion asked hurriedly. “Boss Brute said not to let anyone enter Demon Island.”

“Fool!” The Ranger sent a glare at Scorpion. Ignoring the Elementalist, the Ranger directly flew away.

They were currently Demons. The death penalty they would suffer was extremely severe. If they already knew that they could not stop Shi Feng, persisting in the attempt would only be foolish.

Moreover, even if they wanted to stop Shi Feng and the others from entering Demon Island, the best place to fight him was not at sea, but on Demon Island itself. They were Demons. They had very high innate Magic Resistance, particularly Darkness Resistance. They did not need to worry about the dark corrosive power on the island. However, the same could not be said for their opponents.

More importantly, Demon Island was shrouded in gray fog, which significantly reduced the players’ range of vision. However, Demons like themselves were not affected by Demon Island’s gray fog at all. They would have plenty of opportunities to deal with Shi Feng and the others, whose Berserk Skills would be on Cooldown, at that time.

“It’s too late to run away now!”

Shi Feng did not give the Ranger and Elementalist any opportunities at all. Activating Wind Rider, he left behind an afterimage where he had stood as he instantly appeared before the two Flower of Seven Sins members. He then violently swung down Killing Ray.

Thunder Flame Explosion!

Lightning and fire descended on the Ranger and Elementalist, and even the ice layer beneath the two began crumbling and evaporating.

“He escaped?” When the lightning and flames dissipated, Shi Feng only saw one Demon corpse floating on the water. This corpse belonged to none other than the Elementalist Scorpion. As for the black-clad Ranger, he was nowhere in sight. However, Shi Feng was not particularly surprised by this result.

Unlike Low Demons, High Demons not only received more improvements to their physiques and Basic Attributes but also got to learn some powerful Demon Skills, even a Skill with a powerful escape ability.

Dark Transfer!

This Skill allowed one to teleport to any location within a 3,000-yard radius. Its activation required no preparation time, but it had a long 6-hour Cooldown.

The existence of this Skill made killing High Demon players very difficult.

The Ranger managed to escape, but the other Flower of Seven Sins members fleeing back to Demon Island were not High Demons. Without hesitation, Shi Feng immediately began chasing those Demon players.

Although both sides were moving in the air, Shi Feng was able to fly freely in the sky due to Wind Rider, whereas the Demon players could only glide. The speeds of the two sides were worlds apart from each other.

As for the attacks launched by the Demon players, not only did Shi Feng easily dodge them, but he even used the opportunity to shorten the distance between them. Anyone that Shi Feng caught up with got killed in just a few hits.

Initially, there were over 80 Low Demons fleeing back to Demon Island. However, the ones that actually managed to reach the island numbered less than 30.

Once they reached Demon Island, Shi Feng gave up the pursuit.

Demon Island was rife with Level 70-plus monsters. If he was not careful, he would definitely attract the monsters’ attention. If that happened, not only would he not be able to kill the Flower of Seven Sins members, but he might even lose his life.

In fact, as soon as Shi Feng stepped onto the island, he noticed more than a dozen Shadow Stalkers.

–

[Shadow Stalker] (Dark Creature, Great Lord)

Level 71

HP 37,000,000/37,000,000

–

When Passing Monarch and the others set foot on the island as well, they could not help but gasp when they saw this scene.

No sooner had they arrived than the sight of over a dozen Level 70-plus Great Lords greeted them. Moreover, these were merely the ones they could see. What about the ones in the forest that they couldn’t see?

This was definitely not a place humans should come to.

At this time, a deafening roar came from the middle of the island and reverberated throughout the place. Even the Shadow Stalkers took fright at this roar.

Immediately after, a black-and-white light pillar shot up from the heart of the island. The instant this light pillar appeared, Passing Monarch and the others suddenly felt as if their bodies no longer belonged to themselves, so much so that they could not even twitch their fingertips.

Only after a brief period did they gradually recover their mobility.

“What is that?” Passing Monarch stared at the black-and-white light pillar, thoroughly shocked by the spectacular sight before him.

At this moment, the skies above Demon Island began crumpling, forming a black hole. Passing Monarch could vaguely make out a gigantic eye inside the black hole. Just one glance at this eyeball gave him an appreciation of just how frightening the creature inside that black hole was.

In reality, it wasn’t just Passing Monarch and the others that felt fearful. At this moment, even Shi Feng could sense an aura of death looming over him. In addition, he detected an extremely familiar aura emanating from that black hole—Divine Might.

However, the Divine Might he was feeling now was completely different from when he encountered it before. In previous instances, the Divine Might he felt all came from items.

Moreover, as the Divine Might of these items originated from Gods, the Divine Might they could radiate was extremely weak. If Shi Feng were to compare the Divine Might from items and the Divine Might he was feeling now, the former felt as thin as air, while the latter felt as dense as mercury.

How can this be possible?

As Shi Feng stared at the massive, red eyeball, he was utterly confused by what was going on.

Could this be an event on Demon Island?

In God’s Domain, there would frequently be such events occurring. To players, these events were both disasters and opportunities.

However, Shi Feng very quickly rejected this thought.

According to what he knew about events, a real God simply could not appear!

At this moment, he could say with absolute certainty that the massive eyeball was the eye of a God.

The reason for his certainty was personal experience with this kind of pressure, so he definitely could not be wrong.

…

At the same time, the Flower of Seven Sins members on Demon Island all revealed excited expressions one after another as they looked at the giant eyeball in the sky.

“Success!”

“Boss Brute’s side succeeded!”

“Hahaha! The future of God’s Domain will be the Flower of Seven Sins’s era!”

…

At this moment, the Flower of Seven Sins members were so excited that they completely forgot about their battle with Shi Feng before.

Meanwhile, along with the appearance of this giant eyeball, three dazzling, purple-gold items fell out from the crumpled space. Every one of the three items radiated powerful Divine Might that could make one shudder.

Immediately after, the sound of a system announcement entered Shi Feng’s and the others’ ears.

–

System Announcement: Some players have activated the new expansion pack “Demon God’s Disturbance.”