Chapter 1199 - Demon God'S Items

Chapter 1199 – Demon God’s Items

Cold ruthlessness colored Brute Spear’s words.

Everyone suddenly felt the surrounding air grow heavy as an intense pressure weighed down on them, making it difficult to breathe.

Freedom Alliance had the advantage in numbers, but Passing Monarch did not doubt that, if Brute Spear and the others wanted to kill them, they would be powerless to resist.

The difference in strength between both sides was too obvious.

Compared to the black-clothed Ranger he had fought earlier, Brute Spear and the others were much stronger.

If they simply fell in a fight against Brute Spear and his companions, they could deal with the outcome. However, when the black-clothed Ranger had killed his companions, even Resurrection hadn’t revived the dead. His companions had been thrown from the game and hadn’t been able to log back in. Hence, if they died now, they would lose their monthly opportunity to obtain the Legacy of the Sea.

As for relying on Shi Feng, while Passing Monarch admitted that Shi Feng was monstrously strong, the Swordsman had just used his Berserk Skill. He couldn’t use it again within a short time. His chances of defeating the six experts before them weren’t great.

While Passing Monarch and the Freedom Alliance members remained silent, not sure how they should answer Brute Spear’s question, Shi Feng opened his mouth and said, “That’s right. I did it.”

When Passing Monarch and the others heard Shi Feng’s honest answer, they paled as they fell speechless.

How could Brute Spear possibly not know that they were the ones responsible for his companion’s deaths?

It was obvious that Brute Spear was toying with them.

“A fight is inevitable. Flee with everything you have,” Passing Monarch said hurriedly in the team chat.

In reality, they were already considerably lucky. If not for Shi Feng repulsing the Flower of Seven Sins members earlier, they would have lost both their lives and their Bronze Speedboats. Now, however, even if they died, they could keep their speedboats.

As Passing Monarch prepared for a fight, Brute Spear jumped down from the Three-headed Demonic Hound. However, instead of revealing killing intent, he smiled.

“Hahaha! Not bad! You actually admit that you killed my men! Brat, I have to admit, you’re quite courageous!” Brute Spear laughed at the cloaked Shi Feng. “On behalf of your bravery, I’ll give you a chance to leave this place with your lives.

“Of course, you guys can refuse my offer. However, you’ll have no hope of escape. Like your companions, you’ll be barred from God’s Domain for some time. Not only that, but you’ll also lose three levels when you log back in.”

“How is that possible? Doesn’t the death penalty only reduce one level?” The Freedom Alliance members could not help but panic.

Losing one level was already a heavy punishment. If they lost three, they would need a long time to catch up. As for whether Brute Spear was lying or not, the man had no reason to. After all, the initiative was in Brute Spear’s hands. Whether they were going to battle or not was all up to Brute Spear.

“What you’re going to do is have a match with me. You all can even come at me together. As long as you shave off a quarter of my HP, you win. If you win, you may leave here in one piece. On the other hand, if you lose, you’ll need to contribute a portion of your souls,” Brute Spear said, smiling as he glanced at Passing Monarch and the others.

“Contribute our souls?” This was the first time Passing Monarch had heard of such a thing, and he could not help but ask, “If we contribute our souls, what kind of price will we have to pay?”

“It’s nothing much. You’ll just be in a Weakened state for several days. You won’t actually die,” Brute Spear explained, fully understanding Passing Monarch’s worries. “After you guys contribute your souls, I’ll similarly let you all leave safely.”

Based on his personality, he should’ve already killed every one of these people. However, he had just received three treasures from the Demon God, and he needed someone to test them on. Otherwise, he would’ve taken action instead of wasting so many words with these people.

“Brother Ye Feng, what do you think?” Passing Monarch could not help but turn to ask Shi Feng.

To him, Brute Spear’s conditions seemed beneficial. Originally, Passing Monarch thought that Brute Spear would ask for their Bronze Speedboats in exchange for letting them go. However, dealing with a Weakened state for a week or so was better than losing three levels. Moreover, it also wasn’t certain that they would lose. If all of their members were allowed to attack together, their chances of victory would be quite high.

Contributing souls?

The name of a certain item suddenly popped into Shi Feng’s head when he heard Brute Spear’s explanation.

The Soul Orb!

In the past, this was a very well-known item in God’s Domain. Moreover, it had belonged to the Flower of Seven Sins.

The Soul Orb had become famous due to its ability to place a player in a state of extreme serenity by sacrificing other players’ souls. The affected player’s brain activity would also increase, which would, in turn, help one learn combat techniques, improve Skill Completion Rates, or even become a Master or Grandmaster Lifestyle player much more easily. This Soul Orb was far more effective than a high-Mana density environment.

As a result, when the various superpowers wanted to nurture a particular genius, they traded with the Flower of Seven Sins. The Flower of Seven Sins was also more than willing to trade. After all, just by using the souls a few players contributed, they could obtain a large amount of resources and excellent weapons and equipment.

In the past, Shi Feng had heard that, to nurture Alice, the Witch of the West, the Miracle Guild had traded a Fragmented Legendary with the Flower of Seven Sins.

Currently, based on Brute Spear’s description and the Demon God’s appearance, Shi Feng was 80% certain that Brute Spear had the Soul Orb in his possession currently.

In God’s Domain, aside from Basic Attributes, Skills, and items, combat techniques also affected a player’s combat power. The Soul Orb was a treasure that could allow players to learn and master combat techniques quickly.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng looked at Brute Spear and said, “Don’t even think about it. We won’t agree to your condition.”

Shi Feng’s sudden rejection stupefied everyone. Passing Monarch gaped at Shi Feng. He could not fathom why Shi Feng would say such a thing. Was there really a need to fight Brute Spear and the others?

“That means you want to die, then?” Brute Spear’s expression immediately darkened.

Suddenly, the surrounding atmosphere became extraordinarily heavy, and Passing Monarch and the other Freedom Alliance members struggled to breathe.

“Do you think you can kill us without paying a price?” Shi Feng asked. Before anyone realized it, two Magic Scrolls appeared in his hands.

These Magic Scrolls were none other than the Tier 3 Magic Scrolls he had obtained from the Sea Serpent King. One was a Tier 3 Defensive Magic Scroll, while the other was a Tier 3 large-scale destruction Magic Scroll.

“Tier 3 Scrolls?!” Brute Spear’s complexion turned ugly when he saw the two scrolls in Shi Feng’s hands.