Chapter 1193 - Naval Pvp

Chapter 1193 – Naval PvP

Gray fog enveloped Demon Island. Here, players’ visibility range was limited to 150 yards. Meanwhile, Demon Island’s monsters were all Level 70 and above. At such a distance, Level 70-plus monsters could easily detect players. On the other hand, players couldn’t see these monsters.

However, players’ main problem wasn’t the island’s fog.

The real problem was the ever-present, dark corrosive power on the island. If players did not have high enough Darkness Resistance, they would not survive. Moreover, the further one ventured, the stronger this corrosive power would become.

“Boss Brute, five speedboats are approaching Demon Island,” a Level 43, black-clothed Ranger reported as he watched the distant Swift Dragon Speedboat.

“Speedboats are approaching?” The bald, middle-aged man on the screen, Brute Spear, sneered and said, “Since we’ve already been seen, we won’t let them leave alive. Get rid of them, but don’t destroy their ships. We can use them to make up for the losses we suffered to get here.”

“Great! I haven’t been on a mission for so long that I’m feeling rusty.” The Level 43 Ranger licked his lips as he observed the approaching Swift Dragon Speedboat.

Although the Flower of Seven Sins received requests every day, experts of their rank didn’t often receive missions.

Following which, the Ranger disconnected the call and ordered the other members on the speedboat, “Get ready. Once they get here, we’ll take action. We’ll use

that

to prevent their escape if necessary.”

Hearing the Ranger’s command, anticipation filled the other Flower of Seven Sin members aboard the speedboat.

“These fellows really are pitiful. They have only come this far after much difficulty, yet we’ll send them back before they even set foot on the island.”

“However, based on their speedboats’ quality, they should be quite strong. Hopefully, we’ll get to enjoy ourselves a bit.”

“Each of us will handle one person. Once you’ve killed a player, give the others a chance.”

The Flower of Seven Sin members aboard the speedboat chatted among themselves.

Shi Feng and his temporary team weren’t important at all to these players. Even if these players encountered experts from some superpower, the outcome wouldn’t change.

When Shi Feng noticed the seven-star symbol, he instructed everyone to don their Black Cloaks, hiding their identities.

“Brother Ye Feng, are they your enemies?” Passing Monarch asked, curious about Shi Feng’s command. However, they had already agreed that they would follow Shi Feng’s lead. The fleet commander and his teammates did as they were told.

“They’re not exactly enemies. However, it’s best if we hide our identities.” Shi Feng did not bother to explain further. “It doesn’t hurt to be a little careful out in the fields, right?”

Although he did not know why the Flower of Seven Sins had come to Demon Island, it was not wise to expose their identities to a group of assassins.

Although Shi Feng would have preferred to approach the island from another side, Demon Island only had one entrance. Using the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Space Movement wasn’t a viable option, either. A unique power enveloped the Sea of Death, preventing all spatial movement-type Skills. Otherwise, he would not have used the Swift Dragon Speedboat to travel such a long distance.

When Shi Feng and the others were only 300 yards away from Demon Island’s entrance, the Flower of Seven Sins members burst into action.

“Move out!”

Suddenly, five Elementalists aboard the Mysterious-Iron Speedboat each took out a Magic Scroll.

As the Elementalists unfurled their Magic Scrolls, a dark blue magic array appeared on the water’s surface. The sea water instantly began to freeze, and in the blink of an eye, the space within a 1,000-yard radius was covered by a sheet of ice. As a result, Shi Feng and the Freedom Alliance’s speedboats had been forced to a halt.

As if they had long since prepared for this, the Flower of Seven Sins’ members stored their own speedboats and stepped onto the ice.

“Who are these people?” Passing Monarch’s expression darkened as he looked at the frozen sea surface. “Why are they attacking us all of a sudden?”

Normally, when one encountered other players, particularly out at sea, one wouldn’t abruptly attack. After all, there was no benefit to fighting each other.

Moreover, without any information about the other party, picking a fight in the fields wasn’t smart. One might end up throwing away their life.

Due to Shi Feng’s command, they all wore Black Cloaks, so it was obvious that the other party did not know them, yet these players had attacked without hesitation. They were simply lunatics.

Shi Feng was also surprised.

The Flower of Seven Sins was very secretive about what it did. The organization didn’t normally take the initiative to provoke others. This was nothing like the organization’s usual operations.

Do they know that Demon Island has Seven Luminaries Crystals? Shi Feng wondered as he looked at the foggy island ahead.

Logically, he should be the only one who knew about the island’s Seven Luminaries Crystals.

Demon Island was home to an ancient shrine, and only by entering the shrine’s inner region could one obtain the Seven Luminaries Crystals. However, it was very difficult to locate the shrine itself, much less the shrine’s inner region.

Hence, the Flower of Seven Sins shouldn’t know about the shrine.

However, upon closer inspection, Shi Feng discovered that every one of the players charging towards him was a Red Player. Dark Players were among the group as well. It was obvious that they were veteran PKers.

“Damn it! If they want to fight, we’ll give them a fight! Ready the cannons! We’ll blast those bastards to smithereens!” The Flower of Seven Sins’ attack enraged Passing Monarch. Now that the other party had stored their speedboats, they couldn’t attack their ships. Their only option was to bombard the players.

In God’s Domain, it took forty seconds to store a ship. However, there were less than 300 yards separating these players. The other party would reach them before the forty seconds were up. Furthermore, once players entered combat, they weren’t allowed to store their ships.

They had to finish these players off.

As the cannons rang, one cannonball after another flew at the Flower of Seven Sins members.

“Foolish!” The Level 43 Ranger in the lead sneered at the incoming cannonball.

Although speedboats’ cannons were immensely powerful and could kill a player in one hit, expert players like himself could easily dodge cannon attacks by relying on the projectile prediction lines the system provided.

The hundred-plus Flower of Seven Sin members closed the distance to their targets rapidly. Soon, they were only 200 yards away.

In front of these Flower of Seven Sin experts, the Bronze Speedboats’ cannon fire was practically useless. These experts dodged every attack easily.

Seeing this, Passing Monarch and the others were frustrated. They had thought that they had escaped danger after defeating the Sea Serpent King. Now, however, they had to face a large group of experts trying to rob them of their ships.

“Get ready to split up! Remember, do not damage the speedboats! Boss Brute has already laid his claim!” the leading Ranger commanded through the team chat.

“Boss, relax. We won’t even give them the chance to destroy their own ships!” the other members laughed.

Before the battle had even begun, they looked at Shi Feng and the others as if they were dead men.

As the Flower of Seven Sins members were about to cross the 100-yard mark, a black beam flashed past them.

Boom!

The solid layer of ice vaporized instantly, exposing the blue sea water beneath it. The affected area spanned a radius of 25 yards. Meanwhile, six Flower of Seven Sins members died on the spot, leaving twelve weapons and pieces of equipment floating upon the water.