Chapter 1196 - Strategic-Level Expert?

Chapter 1196 – Strategic-level Expert?

“He died…”

The surrounding Flower of Seven Sins members could not help but gape in shock. Even the Demon Cleric chanting a Greater Healing stopped abruptly as he stared at Violent Torrent’s motionless body.

Violent Torrent had close to 80,000 HP remaining just now!

With his strength, he should’ve been able to resist for some time. Otherwise, the Demon Cleric wouldn’t have chosen to cast Greater Healing, which had a considerably long casting time.

At this moment, when the several Flower of Seven Sins members turned to look at Shi Feng, a possibility suddenly occurred to them, and they could not help but shudder at the thought.

That possibility was that Shi Feng had not used his Berserk Skill when he was fighting Violent Torrent before, even after the Berserker had turned into a Demon, and had activated the Skill only now.

“Not good! We met a hard one! He’s a peak expert! Hurry up and contact Brother Chen!” a thinly built man said. The man felt his breathing stifled as he looked at Shi Feng.

There were few peak experts even in the Flower of Seven Sins. These existences were normally part of the organization’s middle management. Shi Feng would have little trouble going up against more than a dozen Half-step Refinement Realm experts like themselves at the same time, especially now that he had activated his Berserk Skill.

Currently, only Brother Chen, the Ranger leading the team this time, as well as a few others could possibly resist someone like Shi Feng for long.

Just as this thinly built Assassin was done speaking, Shi Feng advanced and suddenly appeared before a Guardian Knight. Without hesitation, this Guardian Knight activated Protection Blessing. However, Shi Feng remained unperturbed by this reaction as he brandished Killing Ray.

Thundering Flash!

Immediately, four blue arcs of lightning struck at four different locations.

Combat technique Four Moon Lotus!

After the four lightning snakes pierced through the Guardian Knight, they each struck at the four magical class players behind him.

The Guardian Knight instantly lost over half of his 140,000 HP, whereas the four magical classes behind him lost one-third of theirs and had their spellcasting interrupted by the impact of Thundering Flash.

“Block him! Don’t let him get close to the magical classes!”

Hearing this, a Guardian Knight immediately used Justice Roar on Shi Feng. The Demon Cleric at the rear also cast Truth Shield and Rapid Healing on the Guardian Knight. As for the other melee players, they each used a Control Skill on Shi Feng. At the same time, the ranged classes launched attacks to seal Shi Feng’s movements.

Shi Feng could not help but admit that every member of the Flower of Seven Sins was an expert. Their coordination with each other was also impeccable. In combination with their high HP and Defense, it made dealing with them extremely difficult.

If it were any other expert here, they would definitely choose to pull back first. However, Shi Feng never entertained the thought of retreating. Instead, he activated Defensive Blade without hesitation, greatly extending his attack range.

At the same time, he switched the Basic Tyrant title to the Swordsmanship Master title, increasing his Attack Speed by 30%.

Sword’s Orbit!

Starlight immediately emerged around Shi Feng’s body. Not only did he manage to block all incoming attacks, but before anyone could react, everyone within a 15-yard radius of him also began losing HP rapidly.

Despite the Demon Cleric at a distance spamming heals on the Guardian Knight, he still failed to keep the MT alive.

In the blink of an eye, everyone within 15 yards of Shi Feng died.

Meanwhile, the Oracle reporting to the Ranger called Brother Chen was stupefied.

“Hello? Why are you contacting me at such a time? Did something happen?” the Level 43 Ranger asked as he toyed around with Passing Monarch.

“Brother Chen, n-not good! There’s a mo-monster here!” the Level 42 Oracle stuttered.

During the time the Oracle was giving his report, Shi Feng had used Silent Steps and appeared behind the thinly built Assassin, who had just activated Wind Steps. Shi Feng then executed Chop, the speed of his attack so fast that the Assassin did not even react, as he died instantly.

“A monster? Did one run all the way out here from the island?” the Ranger asked, perplexed.

“N-No… There’s a peak expert on the speedboat we attacked. Torrent and the others…they’re all dead.” At this moment, the Oracle was quickly losing his ability to speak as he watched his companions die one after another.

“A peak expert? Okay, I’ll head over there now.” The Ranger immediately grasped the severity of the situation. Ignoring Passing Monarch, he turned towards a few of his companions, who were killing the other members of the Freedom Alliance, and shouted, “Hammer, you guys follow me! Torrent and the others are in trouble!”

Every peak expert was a strategic weapon in a team battle. If not properly contained, a peak expert could easily turn the tide in a fight between hundreds of players.

Violent Torrent and the seventeen others that went to the Swift Dragon Speedboat were merely Half-step Refinement Realm experts. They were simply no match for an expert of such caliber. If the Ranger delayed, they would no doubt be annihilated. Hence, he needed to hurry over there right away.

He’s leaving?

Passing Monarch was filled with confusion as he looked at the black-clad Ranger flying towards the Swift Dragon Speedboat. However, the Ranger’s departure was a good thing for the Freedom Alliance since the Ranger and the three companions that followed after him were the ones who had killed the most Freedom Alliance members.

With the Bronze Speedboats less than 50 yards away from the Swift Dragon Speedboat, the Ranger took less than five seconds to glide across this distance.

However, as soon as the black-clad Ranger descended, he was shocked by the scene before him.

At this moment, none of the eighteen people sent to snatch the Swift Dragon Speedboat was alive. However, only five seconds had passed since he received the report. Eighteen Half-step Refinement Realm experts who had turned into Demons had died, just like that.

The Ranger glared at Shi Feng, who stood a short distance away, and asked coldly, “Where are your companions? Or are they thinking of ambushing us while we’re fighting you?”

No matter how he looked at it, one person simply could not have finished off so many demonized Half-step Refinement Realm experts within such a short time. At the very least, such a feat required several experts working together.

“Companions?” Shi Feng shook his head and said, “I’m the only one here. If you ran all the way here just to ask this, can we start the fight now?”

“Hammer, you and Letter deal with that guy. Scorpion and I will assist from the side and prevent others from ambushing us,” the Ranger commanded hurriedly. It was obvious he did not believe Shi Feng.

“Leave it to me.” The Level 43 Berserker named Hammer nodded seriously as he looked at the cloaked Shi Feng.

The fact that the Swordsman before them could work with other experts to get rid of Violent Torrent’s group so quickly proved that his strength was extraordinary. Not to mention, Hammer also sensed a dangerous aura coming from Shi Feng, and he could tell that he was definitely no match for Shi Feng in a one-on-one fight. However, if he coordinated with Letter, even if they could not defeat Shi Feng, it would also be impossible for Shi Feng to kill them.

However, just as Hammer finished speaking, Shi Feng had already dashed towards him.

“So fast!” The Assassin named Letter was shocked.

At this speed, even if he activated a Berserk Skill in his human form, he would be no match for Shi Feng. If not for his Demon transformation improving his physique, he wouldn’t even be able to catch a glimpse of Shi Feng’s figure.

Hammer also paled at this sight. Hurriedly, he brandished the greatsword in his hands and executed the Tier 1 Skill Death’s Harvest, which could be used only in his Demon form.

Immediately, numerous streaks of black light shot forward, enveloping a cone-shaped area 20 yards before him. This Skill could not be blocked, only dodged.

“Is he dead?”

When the black light dissipated, there was no sign of Shi Feng’s figure anywhere.

“Letter, be careful!”

At this time, the Ranger, who stood ten yards behind the Assassin called Letter, suddenly noticed Shi Feng appearing above the Assassin’s head.

However, his warning came too late.

Shi Feng promptly used the Tier 2 Taboo Skill Instant Strike, his Attack Speed increasing by 500% and damage by 400% for three seconds.

The distant Ranger only saw many streaks of blue light flashing in front of him. Before the Assassin called Letter could even activate Vanish, his body was already falling to the ground.

Shortly after, Hammer finally reacted to the situation. However, by the time he did, several streaks of blue light were heading towards him.

Responding slightly better than Letter, Hammer executed Whirlwind Slash to defend himself. However, as the gap in speed between him and Shi Feng was too massive, before his greatsword could even start picking up momentum, he had already been struck several times. Hammer’s vision then turned gray as his body fell to the ground.

“Who is he?” The Ranger shuddered when he saw this scene.

The male Elementalist called Scorpion took an involuntary step back, terror surfacing on his face.

Two Refinement Realm experts, each with over 100,000 HP, were actually killed instantly.

How was this just a peak expert?