Chapter 1192 - Forbidden Land

Chapter 1192 – Forbidden Land

“The Legacy of the Sea?” Shi Feng’s heart rate quickened when he heard these words. However, he kept his composure as he said, “Tell me, then.”

Simply put, the Legacy of the Sea provided a specialized hidden class.

With this hidden class, players could become incredibly powerful in naval combat. However, the class had serious limitations. As long as players were not at sea, the class was no different than ordinary classes. The Legacy of the Sea was different from other hidden classes, which provided improvements in all sorts of environments. It was an extreme Legacy.

However, to players who frequently sailed, it was highly sought after.

After all, even if they obtained the Legacy at the Basic rank, they could display astounding power when exploring the open ocean.

The Peak Legacy of the Sea could even grant the strength to face opponents of a higher tier.

Hence, Guilds that wanted to develop their naval forces hungered for the Legacy of the Sea. The various large Guilds would target any player that obtained the Legacy. With such a player, maritime transportation would become far safer. They would also have an easier time fighting sea monsters.

As far as Shi Feng knew, the Freedom Alliance had possessed many members with the Legacy of the Sea. This was also why the Freedom Alliance had become famous throughout God’s Domain, becoming a force that even the game’s superpowers were hesitant to provoke.

Seeing Shi Feng’s interest, Passing Monarch knew that he had hope for cooperation.

“To tell you the truth, our Freedom Alliance discovered the Legacy in an ancient ruin. However, obtaining the Legacy depends on the player’s abilities once they enter the ruins. Due to a barrier restricting the number of people that can enter, our Freedom Alliance only allows each fleet to take ten ships into the ruins. I’d like to invite Brother Ye Feng to join us. With your speedboat and our Third Fleet’s strength, I believe that we can secure quite the bounty.

“We can sign a contract. If we obtain two Legacies, one will go to you. How about it?”

The other Third Fleet members were stupefied by Passing Monarch’s offer. They had never expected their commander to be so generous.

However, after giving the matter some thought, they found it reasonable. After all, Shi Feng owned a Secret-Silver Speedboat. If they did not show some sincerity, he wouldn’t bother listening to their offer.

“Obtain two Legacies?” Shi Feng curiously asked, “Are there many in the ruins?”

“Each time we enter the ancient ruins, there are a number of Legacy items. It just depends on whether or not we can leave with those items,” Passing Monarch explained confidently.

When the Freedom Alliance had first activated the ancient ruins, they had dispatched eleven fleets. Inside, they discovered several Legacy items. In the end, however, only one fleet had obtained the Legacy of the Sea. This fleet was now the strongest in the Freedom Alliance.

As it had become the strongest fleet in the Freedom Alliance, it enjoyed far more benefits than its companions. The fleet was able to occupy the three Large Shipyards the Freedom Alliance managed.

It was still a little too early for players to construct ships as this task required many Lifestyle players. However, a Large Shipyard could also repair ships.

During an intense battle, ships usually suffered some damage. Repairing ships in a Large Shipyard not only reduced the repair costs, but it also increased the repair speed.

On the other hand, the Third Fleet only possessed a Large Shipyard. There was simply no comparing their two fleets.

The strongest fleet also received priority over special ammunition. It was given access to the most and the best available.

The next ruin exploration was about to begin. How could he not make use of this opportunity to recruit Shi Feng’s help?

“What if we obtain three Legacy items?” Shi Feng asked.

“I’m afraid that will be incredibly difficult. Brother Ye Feng, you’ve never been to the ruins, but a large number of sea monsters occupy the area. Those monsters are extremely powerful. Traps litter the ruins, and there’s a time limit once you enter. We won’t have enough time to search for a third Legacy item,” Passing Monarch explained, smiling. He understood Shi Feng’s train of thought.

“So, that’s the case. Then, if we really obtain a third Legacy item, can I have it?” Shi Feng asked, smiling. He now had a basic understanding of the ancient ruins’ rules.

“Alright. If you obtain a third one, you can have it,” Passing Monarch said nonchalantly. In any case, that wasn’t going to happen. His promise was empty.

“We have a deal, then. However, before we sign the contract, may I know when the ancient ruins will open?” Shi Feng asked. “I still my own matters to deal with. If there is a clash in timing, I’m afraid that I cannot help you.”

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, Passing Monarch grew a little nervous.

“It’s tomorrow…” Passing Monarch replied, feeling slightly embarrassed.

He could tell that Shi Feng had something to do, and today was almost over.

Shi Feng was speechless.

“I understand that I am putting you in a difficult position. If there is anything we can help with, please tell us,” Passing Monarch hurriedly offered.

“How about this? You guys can follow me. With your help, I should be able to save a little time,” Shi Feng said after considering the matter.

The Demon Island he was heading to occupied the Sea of Death’s inner region. Although it was not the most dangerous location in the Sea of Death, the island’s monsters were troublesome. Normally, he would have to clear a path slowly. However, if he had an expert like Passing Monarch, who could lead a fleet with four Bronze Speedboats, he could save plenty of time.

Passing Monarch and the others then followed Shi Feng into the Sea of Death.

Originally, the Freedom Alliance did not think much of traversing the Sea of Death. However, as Shi Feng ventured deeper into the zone, they began to worry.

They had never expected Shi Feng to lead them into the Sea of Death’s inner region…

Not only did this area have many sea monsters, but the monsters were also very high-leveled. There were Level 70 sea monsters everywhere, and the slightest mistake could destroy their ships and end their lives.

“Commander, what do you think that Ye Feng is trying to do here?” Blue Joy asked. When she saw the nearby sea monsters eye them like prey, goosebumps danced across her skin.

Watching the Swift Dragon Speedboat steady advance and giving the matter some thought, Passing Monarch said, “It must be for a quest.”

The Sea of Death’s inner region was a forbidden land to current players.

Aside from a quest, Passing Monarch could not fathom why anyone would come to this place.

“Questing here at this level?” As Blue Joy looked at a distance Level 70 Grand Lord sea monster, a thought suddenly came to her mind as she said, “Could he be here for an Epic Quest?”

Hearing Blue Joy’s words, the Freedom Alliance members paled.

An Epic Quest was incomparably dangerous. Even now, nobody within the Freedom Alliance had completed one.

As the Freedom Alliance members discussed Shi Feng’s goal, Shi Feng led the group to two, gloomy, twin islands. One could occasionally hear lung-tearing screams from the islands; it was enough to give one goosebumps.

Surprisingly, over a dozen speedboats were docked beside the island. Based on these ships’ appearances, it was clear that they were high-quality.

“Why are there people here?” Shi Feng was momentarily stunned.

Because this area was a forbidden land for players, one would have to pay a massive price to get this far. He had only arrived safely due to his familiarity with the sea zone and the quality of his speedboat.

Passing Monarch and the others behind Shi Feng were similarly stunned.

Among the fourteen speedboats docked around the island, one was a Mysterious-Iron Speedboat, six were Bronze Speedboats, and the rest were advanced speedboats. This fleet could rank at the very peak of the Sea’s End.

After Shi Feng snapped out of his momentary daze, he quickly shifted his attention to the symbol on these speedboats.

The symbol consisted of seven stars arranged in a circle.

Shi Feng frowned.

This was the Flower of Seven Sins’ fleet symbol!