Chapter 1191 - Legacy Of The Sea

Chapter 1191 – Legacy of the Sea

Shi Feng could not bear to put away the crystal bottle in his hands.

“With this, my problems have been solved.”

Previously, he had struggled to figure out a way to transport the Diamond Wood needed to construct advanced speedboats. Diamond Wood could not be stored in a player’s bag space. Transporting the wood via Teleportation Magic Arrays would cost enough to choke any Guild.

The only efficient way to transport Diamond Wood was to use a teleportation array to reach a border town and then rely on Transport Carriages to move the wood to another country’s border town before transporting it via teleportation array once again. While the cost was still considerably high, one could save more time than transporting the wood via carriage the whole way.

However, the twenty, minor NPC cities Shi Feng had asked the Secret Pavilion for were in several different countries. Moreover, none of them were near the Apocalypse Empire. Even if he relied on Transport Carriages, it would take a very long time for the wood to reach Ocean Viewing Town.

On the other hand, if he relied on maritime transportation, not only could he save a lot of money, but he could also save plenty of time.

–

[One-horned Sailboat] (Small Sailboat, Bronze Rank)

Maximum capacity: 120 people

Durability 900/900

Item storage when liberated: 7,000 bag space slots and 100 non-bag space slots.

Additional Active Skill 1-

Magic Shield: Absorbs up to 1,000,000 damage for 5 minutes.

Cooldown: 15 minutes.

Additional Active Skill 2-

Thunder Cannon: 1,200-yard range. Deals lightning damage to an area of 15*15 yards.

Cooldown: 30 seconds

(Six cannons are currently equipped. Cannons can be replaced.)

Additional Active Skill 3-

Mana Drive: Converts Mana into motion, increasing Movement Speed by 30%. Every 10 Magic Crystals consumed extends duration by 15 minutes.

Cooldown: 10 minutes

Additional Active Skill 4-

Thunder Blast: Deals devastating damage to the area 500*30 yards ahead. Attack includes knockback and paralyzing effects.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Passive Skill-

Braving the Winds and Waves: When sailing with the wind, Movement Speed increased by 50%. When sailing against the wind, Movement Speed is unaffected.

–

Although the One-horned Sailboat’s Attributes were slightly lower than the Hurricane Sailboat’s, it was one of the best ships currently available in God’s Domain.

Moreover, the Small Sailboat was much faster than speedboats. Even the Secret-Silver ranked Swift Dragon Speedboat was only as fast as an advanced sailboat. The One-horned Sailboat was significantly faster than the Swift Dragon Sailboat. In addition, one could use Magic Crystals to increase the ship’s Movement Speed. This would greatly reduce transportation time.

While Shi Feng admired the One-horned Sailboat, the Freedom Alliance members a short distance away stared at him.

“Commander, I’ve discovered some information about that man,” Blue Joy hurriedly reported. “That person is Ye Feng, and he is a core member of the Zero Wing Guild. He is also the leader of the Asura Battle Team. He is very strong.

“As for Zero Wing itself, it is one of the upstart Guilds that established when God’s Domain launched. The Guild’s development speed is incredible, and Zero Wing has even suppressed veteran first-rate Guilds. Right now, Zero Wing is Star-Moon Kingdom’s publicly-acknowledged, number one Guild. Recently, it even dared to provoke a few superpowers, but none of them can do anything about the Guild, forced to turn a blind eye.”

“Just what kind of backing does this Guild have? It even dares to provoke superpowers.” Passing Monarch could not help his astonishment when he heard Blue Joy’s report.

The Freedom Alliance consisted of small Guilds and adventurer teams. They only knew that the virtual gaming world’s various superpowers were powerful, but they did not know exactly how powerful these existences were. However, as the Freedom Alliance grew stronger, they uncovered more information. In fact, a super-first-rate Guild had previously decimated the Fifth Fleet.

They had finally understood that, while their alliance might be a match for superpowers that hadn’t focused on marine strength, the Freedom Alliance was no match for those Guilds that had poured resources into their navy.

Superpowers simply had too many experts. Moreover, they weren’t ordinary experts. With so many, these superpowers could get their hands on advanced speedboats and Bronze Speedboats far more quickly than the Freedom Alliance.

Hence, Passing Monarch found it unbelievable that Zero Wing had provoked multiple superpowers on land and still existed.

However, what shocked Passing Monarch the most was the Swift Dragon Speedboat.

During the previous battle, Passing Monarch had come to understand that the Swift Dragon Speedboat was not just a Mysterious-Iron Speedboat as he had assumed. It must be a Secret-Silver Speedboat.

A Secret-Silver Speedboat!

Since joining God’s Domain, Passing Monarch had never seen or heard about any of the naval powers owning a Secret-Silver Speedboat.

Yet, such a speedboat had shown up in the hands of a land-based Guild…

This revelation excited Passing Monarch.

He had come to the Sea of Death because he had heard of a low-level King-class Sea Monster in the area. In addition, he had heard that the various superpowers were purchasing Thunder Passes at astronomical prices. Hence, he had come to kill the King-class Sea Monster to earn some side income. After all, repairing his fleet was a considerable expenditure.

He had also come here to recruit powerful adventurer teams or small Guilds to join the Third Fleet.

In the Sea’s End, strength spoke louder than words. If one wanted to obtain more resources, they needed a powerful force. Almost everyone in the Sea’s End had already been recruited, but it was a different story elsewhere. Land-based Guilds, in particular, were just starting to extend to the ocean. He could find plenty of talent on land.

Unfortunately, Passing Monarch hadn’t expected the events to unfold as they had in upon reaching the Sea of Death. Not only had he nearly lost his entire fleet, but he also failed to find any experts from small Guilds. Rather, he had encountered a great expert with a Secret-Silver Speedboat, and this expert was backed by a Guild like Zero Wing.

“Commander, are you considering recruiting him?” Blue Joy asked, surprised when she saw Passing Monarch’s expression. “He won’t agree. After all, he is a member of a large Guild. He even owns a Secret-Silver Speedboat. Why would he want to join us?”

“Who said that I intended to ask him?” Passing Monarch rolled his eyes. “Have you forgotten the reason that we’re here?”

“Do you want to invite him to Sea Dragon City’s festival?” Blue Joy’s eyes widened in shock, unable to believe that Passing Monarch was considering something so mad. “Commander, Sea Dragon City’s festival is our Freedom Alliance’s greatest secret! It is too risky to invite outsiders!”

“I understand. However, you know our Third Fleet’s situation. We only have one opportunity each month. If we don’t perform well, we’ll lose our position.” Passing Monarch wore a hesitant expression. In the end, however, he steered his speedboat towards Shi Feng.

As Shi Feng was still occupied with his jubilation about acquiring the One-horned Sailboat, he did not take any precautions, even after noticing the approaching Bronze Speedboat.

He had no reason to do so. The difference between their strengths was clear to see. Passing Monarch and the other Freedom Alliance members were aware of the fact as well.

In fact, Passing Monarch’s group should feel grateful that he did not have any ill intentions.

“Our contract had already been completed. What other business do you have with me?” Shi Feng asked Passing Monarch calmly as the man stood on the Bronze Speedboat’s deck.

“Hello. I haven’t introduced myself yet. I am Passing Monarch, the commander of the Freedom Alliance’s Third Fleet. You might not have heard of the Freedom Alliance before, but we are considered the overlord of the Sea’s End. Brother Ye Feng, seeing as you have a Secret-Silver Speedboat, we like to ask for your help,” Passing Monarch announced straightforwardly. “I think that you’ll be interested in my offer.”

“You have something to interest me?” Shi Feng could not help but laugh.

The only thing that could capture his interest was the ability to mass-produce advanced speedboats. Obviously, the Freedom Alliance didn’t have this ability as it required a large number of materials and Advanced Engineers.

“What if I tell you that it’s related to the Legacy of the Sea?” Passing Monarch asked confidently.