Chapter 1201 - Tier 2 Class

Chapter 1201 – Tier 2 Class

Initially, the Flower of Seven Sins members were about to blow up in rage at Shi Feng for looking down on them.

However, when they saw Angry Tyrant’s Attributes, they were all stupefied.

“How is this possible?!”

“Aren’t these Attributes too overpowered!?”

Everyone present was surprised by Angry Tyrant’s Attributes. Although the bracers did not possess any Active Skills, their two Passive Skills were practically tailored for Berserkers. An increase of 20% in Strength and 30% in Attack Speed when the wearer’s HP was below 50%… Just thinking about this gave everyone the shivers. Not to mention, there was also a certain chance for the wearer’s Strength to double when attacking.

It was practically impossible for any other Epic Equipment to surpass the Angry Tyrant bracers. Angry Tyrant was definitely the best among Epic Equipment. Only equipment at the Fragmented Legendary rank and above would be better.

When Brute Spear saw the bracers’ Attributes, he could no longer hide the greed in his eyes.

He was a Berserker. Moreover, he preferred Strength-oriented equipment. In fact, every piece of equipment below Epic rank that he had equipped right now focused on Strength.

Strength-oriented Epic Equipment was something he always dreamed of obtaining.

However, just being able to obtain Epic Equipment was already plenty difficult. Wanting to get Epic Equipment that perfectly suited him was practically a dream.

How could such excellent equipment for Berserkers possibly fall into the hands of a Swordsman!? I must obtain it!

Unfortunately for Brute Spear, although he wanted Angry Tyrant, just like Shi Feng said, he indeed could not produce any top-tier Epic Equipment that was equal or superior to the bracers.

No matter how he thought about it, he had only two items on hand that were worth more than Angry Tyrant.

One was an item that the Flower of Seven Sins wanted, while the other was the Epic-rank tool Soul Orb.

Eventually, Brute Spear gnashed his teeth as he said, “Do you think I can’t take out something of even higher value? I have an Epic tool here. It is definitely more valuable than your Angry Tyrant bracers. If you can defeat me, I wouldn’t mind gifting this Epic tool to you.”

Epic tools were generally more valuable than Epic Weapons and Equipment because Epic tools did not take up a player’s equipment slots. Players could use an Epic tool even if it was in their bag space. Hence, the price of Epic tools was generally double that of Epic Equipment, more if it was an Epic tool with good Attributes.

“An Epic tool?” Shi Feng feigned hesitation as he said so. Inwardly, however, he was extremely excited. “Alright, let’s sign a contract!”

He had deliberately exposed Angry Tyrant’s Attributes precisely to bait Brute Spear.

Now, he had succeeded.

As for whether the tool Brute Spear would wager was the Soul Orb or not, Shi Feng was 100% sure that it was.

Epic Equipment was already quite rare. The chances of Brute Spear obtaining two Epic tools at this stage of the game were lower than winning the lottery.

“Brother Ye Feng, is there really a need to do this?” Passing Monarch was bewildered as he watched Shi Feng sign a contract with Brute Spear.

Originally, if their whole group fought against Brute Spear, they’d had over a 70% chance of winning. Now, however, Shi Feng was going up against Brute Spear in a one-on-one. Even if Shi Feng was very powerful, in Passing Monarch’s opinion, Shi Feng would be lucky to have even a 30% chance of victory. After all, Shi Feng had already used his Berserk Skill.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng was actually gambling Epic Equipment on such low odds. This was simply insane!

“Hahaha! That fool really signed a contract! Boss Brute sure is lucky! Not only did he obtain an Epic tool from completing the quest this time, but he is even going to get a pair of excellent bracers for Berserkers!”

“That’s right! I wonder what kind of expression that person will reveal when they see the strength Boss Brute reveals.”

“With the addition of these Epic bracers, Boss Brute will have three pieces of Epic Equipment in total. He will definitely become our Sin of Pride’s number one Berserker with this!”

…

Brute Spear’s several companions began a hushed discussion among themselves as they looked at Shi Feng. They all considered Shi Feng extremely foolish to gift away such excellent equipment.

As a peak expert, Shi Feng indeed possessed the qualifications to be prideful. However, Brute Spear was similarly a peak expert.

In their opinion, if it were before Brute Spear had completed his quest, he would have had roughly a 60% chance of winning. The reason for this bullish evaluation was Brute Spear having been a High Demon. After he transformed, both his Main Attribute and physique would receive a 20% improvement.

If both sides were almost equal in Attributes and combat standards, a 20% improvement to physique would allow Brute Spear to achieve an overwhelming victory. The only way Shi Feng could make up for this difference was through activating a Berserk Skill. However, as far as they knew, Shi Feng had already used his Berserk Skill and wouldn’t be able to use it again within a short period. This doomed Shi Feng to a lower chance of winning.

Meanwhile, now that Brute Spear had completed his quest, his strength had received another considerable improvement.

Even if Shi Feng’s combat standard was above Brute Spear’s, Brute Spear still had a 90% chance of victory.

…

With the contract signed, both sides distanced themselves and provided Shi Feng and Brute Spear with sufficient space for a duel.

As the duel timer began counting down, Brute Spear retrieved the crimson spear slung on his back and slammed the spear’s butt on the ground, causing an earth tremor.

“As thanks for gifting me the Angry Tyrant bracers, I’ll let you have the honor of witnessing my full strength,” Brute Spear sneered. “Originally, I intended to reserve this strength for competing against Bart for the position of number one Berserker in the group.”

Saying so, Brute Spear let out a low shout as his entire body began releasing scorching-hot, pitch-black smoke.

This pitch-black smoke quickly wrapped around Brute Spear’s entire body. In the next moment, the Berserker began transforming. In the blink of an eye, he had become a Demon.

However, unlike the black-clad Ranger from before, Brute Spear’s Demon form had three sets of wings. The aura he radiated was also much stronger than the black-clad Ranger’s. There was absolutely no comparison.

“We’re doomed…” After seeing Brute Spear’s Demon form, the last strand of hope Passing Monarch clung to vanished entirely.

At this moment, Brute Spear’s companions likewise had shocked expressions on their faces, having all received a fright from Brute Spear’s transformation.

“This is an ennobled Demon?”

“Amazing! High Demons simply cannot compare!”

“With this transformation, Boss Brute will no doubt become the number one Berserker in our Sin of Pride in the future!”

After Demon players transformed into Demons, they would still have ranks, which was also the reason why Demon players were half a tier stronger than ordinary players.

When players first Demonized, they would start out as Low Demons. Afterwards, they could promote to High Demons through hunting for a large number of player souls. However, further promotions after reaching the High Demon rank depended on more than just harvesting sufficient souls. One also needed to possess the corresponding status; in other words, attaining nobility.

Meanwhile, after Brute Spear completed his quest on Demon Island, he had gotten promoted from a High Demon directly to a Baron. As a result, his strength had also undergone a qualitative improvement.

“Hahaha! So this is the power of a Baron Demon? Truly amazing!” At this moment, Brute Spear could not help but revel in this newfound power of his.

Baron ranked Demon players received a 30% increase to both their Attributes and physique when transformed. Currently, both his Attributes and his body’s physique were already at the Tier 2 standard. The only thing he lacked now was Tier 2 Skills. Aside from that, he could already be considered a Tier 2 player.

The disparity between Tier 2 and Tier 1 classes was much greater than that between Tier 1 and Tier 0 classes. If a Tier 2 class fought against a Tier 1 class, even without using any Skills and under a situation where both sides were at the same level, the Tier 1 class would be powerless to resist.

After Brute Spear stretched his body a little, his blood-red eyes shifted to the Swordsman before him.

“Alright, I’ll let you have a taste of despair now!”