Chapter 1206 - Treasure Fragment

Chapter 1206 – Treasure Fragment

Star-Moon City:

Due to the Demon God’s Disturbance, Star-Moon City’s player population exploded. The majority of these newcomers were former inhabitants of the nearby towns.

With the rise of the dark forces, the surrounding NPC towns were no longer safe. The safest locations right now for normal players were NPC cities.

This development also prompted many adventurer teams, which were originally active in NPC towns, to move their main base of operations to NPC cities. Consequently, the prices of Land in NPC cities also increased as a result of competition among many adventurer teams. This was especially true for Land in the outskirts of Star-Moon City.

Although the Land of a capital city was much more expensive than the Land of other cities, the capital city was also much safer and more convenient.

Moreover, Star-Moon City was the closest NPC city to Evernight City, the sole city controlled by the dark forces in Star-Moon Kingdom. This proximity also drew many hidden Dark Players to Star-Moon City.

Players couldn’t teleport to Evernight City; Dark Players were no exception to this. If players wished to visit the city, they could only do so on foot. Meanwhile, Star-Moon City was undeniably the best place to stay for convenience in exchanging for items.

For a time, the situation within Star-Moon City became very complicated.

Meanwhile, inside Heaven’s Burial’s Residence, a meeting of the highest order was currently being held.

“Fog, how are the contacts on your side?” Singular Burial asked as he looked at the female Elementalist standing beside him.

“Those Dark Guilds have already agreed to our conditions. When the time comes, we just need to exchange some of the weapons and equipment we don’t need for those rare tools in Evernight City. At the same time, they’ve also agreed to secretly kill the players that visit Stone Forest Town,” Daybreak Fog said, giggling softly.

Although the new expansion pack had driven the rise of the dark forces, only minor powers like small Guilds, adventurer teams, and independent players were actually affected. Large Guilds like Heaven’s Burial were entirely unaffected by this situation.

After all, if the various Dark Guilds wished to thrive in Star-Moon City, they would have to gain the permission of Heaven’s Burial.

“Excellent. Now that we have the support of these Dark Guilds, we’ll have a much easier time hindering Stone Forest Town’s development. Fog, you’ll be responsible for handling our relationship with the Dark Guilds in the future,” Singular Burial said with a nod. He then turned to look at the Cleric Flame Blood and asked, “How are preparations coming along on Abandoned Wave’s side?”

“Guild Leader, rest assured, I’ve already covertly leaked information that a secret land has been discovered over at

that

place. Many strong adventurer teams and small Guilds have already begun taking action. Afterwards, if we release additional fake news about finding treasure there, even more players should head over to their deaths. It won’t be long before we hit the number Abandoned Wave needs. Moreover, due to this new expansion pack, the dark forces have already killed a large number of players. Thus, we won’t attract any suspicions even if many players die,” Flame Blood explained. “However, if we supply so many players to Abandoned Wave, what if he turns his sword against us, once he is done dealing with Zero Wing?”

“You don’t have to worry about this point. We’ve already signed a contract. He won’t dare go back on his word. Besides, the more sacrifices we supply Abandoned Wave, the more returns we’ll obtain from Evernight City. As long as we help Abandoned Wave achieve his target requirement, Heaven’s Burial will become the first Guild to reside in Evernight City. By then, we’ll be unstoppable.” Singular Burial laughed nonchalantly at Flame Blood’s worries.

He was helping Abandoned Wave because he stood to kill two birds with one stone.

The first was weakening Zero Wing. Once Abandoned Wave was done dealing with Zero Wing, even if Heaven’s Burial could not become Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild, it could still occupy half of the entire kingdom.

The second was the position in Evernight City.

As the only city belonging to the dark forces in Star-Moon Kingdom, Evernight City offered simply too many benefits. Heaven’s Burial could already make a hefty profit just by reselling the items bought or exchanged for there.

Currently, the majority of the players in God’s Domain were under the impression that only Dark Players could enter Evernight City. In reality, though, that was not true.

As long as one attained a certain status within the city, they could even purchase Land to construct a Guild Residence in Evernight City. Only, achieving this status was tough. However, Abandoned Wave just so happened to provide the Guild with a good way to do so. Once Heaven’s Burial entered Evernight City, they could begin reselling the city’s rarities.

Meanwhile, although the various Dark Guilds could also exchange for plenty of rare items, at the end of the day, Dark Guilds were shady existences that few ordinary people wished to do business with. Not to mention, Dark Guilds thrived on killing players. If one did not possess a certain degree of strength, who would dare to trade with Dark Players? As a result, the number of channels they could sell their rare items through was limited.

However, Heaven’s Burial was different. Needless to say, players would prefer to trade with Heaven’s Burial over the various Dark Guilds. In addition, Dark Guilds were usually of relatively small size, so how could they possibly compete with Heaven’s Burial?

As for the threat of the Blackwater Guild, there was no need to worry about that. The Guild had already officially withdrawn from Star-Moon Kingdom not long ago and diverted its attention towards the various empires of God’s Domain. After all, the Blackwater Corporation was extremely ambitious. Abandoned Wave was but one of the corporation’s many pawns.

Abandoned Wave’s current actions were simply his final struggle. If he succeeded, he might regain the Blackwater Corporation’s trust and be put to use elsewhere. If he failed, he would definitely be discarded. In either case, the outcome would not affect Heaven’s Burial.

Hence, Heaven’s Burial’s operation this time would only reap benefits.

…

At the same time as Heaven’s Burial was holding a meeting, an earth-shattering incident was also taking place in the distant White River City’s Candlelight Trading Firm.

What a powerful aura!

Shi Feng had a look of astonishment on his face as he looked at the floating Soul Orb.

Currently, the Soul Orb was emitting frightening pressure. This aura was similar to what he felt from Demon God Paimon on Demon Island. However, while the aura Demon God Paimon released back then had indeed been frightening, it had also been calm.

On the other hand, the aura released by the Soul Orb was berserk, as the Soul Orb contained a holy aura aside from Demon God Paimon’s aura. Meanwhile, these two auras were currently in conflict, making it seem as if two Gods were fighting each other right now.

At this moment, the entire Special Forging Room was already a mess. Even the magically strengthened walls cracked at the might of the two divine auras.

The strength of these two auras exceeded the Special Forging Room’s suppressive ability. As a result, the auras had leaked outside, paralyzing everyone within the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“What’s going on?!”

“Why can’t I move?!”

“This aura… Could there be a monster inside the trading firm!?”

…

The Lifestyle players that had been toiling in their respective workshops were all frightened. This was definitely their first time to encounter such a situation. Just sensing the two divine auras made their souls shudder in fear.

Shi Feng did not doubt that the clash between these two auras would have caused a tremendous commotion in White River City if not for Candlelight Trading Firm being a 3-star Shop. This was also the reason why he had chosen to appraise the Soul Orb there.

After a short moment, the two clashing auras finally weakened and eventually reached a balance.

As a result, half of the Soul Orb turned black and the other half, white. Meanwhile, the Divine Might the orb was exuding right now gave even Shi Feng, who was Level 50, difficulty in moving his body.

“Wonderful! It really is a treasure fragment!”

Shi Feng revealed a look of ecstasy when he took a look at the Soul Orb’s Attributes once again.