Chapter 1209 - Promotion Quest

Chapter 1209 – Promotion Quest

Currently, Sharlyn wore a set of exquisite, red-white robes. Although Shi Feng did not know exactly what rank the robes were, they added a hint of divinity and charm to her appearance. They also exuded a fierce Divine Might.

Divine Might!

Not just any random weapon or piece of equipment possessed this kind of power. It needed to be an item once worn by a God. Moreover, the item must have absorbed some of said God’s power to radiate Divine Might.

Legendary mage robes?

Shi Feng guessed.

Take the Seven Treasures for example. As Gods had created these items personally, the exuded Divine Might.

The fact that Sharlyn’s robes radiated Divine Might proved that they were extraordinary.

Most Legendary items in God’s Domain did not exude Divine Might.

However, when Shi Feng saw the faint smile on Sharlyn’s face after hearing her comment, he shuddered involuntarily.

Only now did he recall that Sharlyn possessed a very high-rank Identification Skill that could even observe the contents of a player’s bag space. He currently had more than 10,000 Gold on him…

“Why are you giving me that look? Do you think I covet your 15,739 Gold Coins?” Contempt laced Sharlyn’s words as she spoke. “After so much time, you sure have a lot more secrets. You’ve even gotten your hands on a treasure fragment. I wonder how angry Demon God Paimon is right now. After all, he spent hundreds of years to seal that orb.”

Shi Feng’s heart began to pound.

The War God’s Temple had been searching for the Seven Treasures constantly, yet based on Sharlyn’s tone, it seemed as if she had known the Treasure of Illusion’s whereabouts all along.

“Do you think I’m working for the War God’s Temple?” Sharlyn said as if she had read Shi Feng’s thoughts. Chuckling, she said, “You’ve sought me out to find a way to prevent Paimon from taking the treasure fragment back, right? Unfortunately, I have no way of shielding the fragment from Paimon’s detection.”

“Is there really no way?” Shi Feng sighed dejectedly.

If he couldn’t hide the Soul Orb from Demon God Paimon, then he would have no choice but to hand the item over to the War God’s Temple. Even a Demon God couldn’t reach the orb inside the War God’s Temple. However, simply handing the orb over would be a huge waste.

“I never said there wasn’t a way. If the treasure absorbs a sufficient amount of divine power, you can remove Paimon’s seal. Even Paimon won’t be able to do anything about it. If you wish to keep the treasure fragment, you should find more God Crystals quickly. There is nothing else anyone can do to help you. After all, we are only mortal. We have no hope of resisting Gods,” Sharlyn explained.

“God Crystals?” Shi Feng smiled bitterly.

He wanted to obtain a lot of God Crystals. After all, he had many items that needed divine power to evolve. However, God Crystals were extremely rare, even rarer Epic items. Obtaining a single God Crystal was extremely difficult, yet removing the first seal on the Soul Orb required ten crystals. Where was he supposed to find so many God Crystals?

As if she had predicted Shi Feng’s concerns, Sharlyn giggled and said, “Others might have a hard time finding God Crystals, but for you, it shouldn’t be a difficult task.”

“Not difficult for me? Why?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

“Five thousand Gold consultation fee,” Sharlyn demanded, smiling as she stretched out her hand.

Shi Feng rolled his eyes at the woman, inwardly cursing her for being black-hearted. However, he still handed over the 5,000-Gold consultation fee.

God Crystals were of utmost importance. Unfortunately, he had yet to discover any clues about their whereabouts.

After receiving the 5,000 Gold, Sharlyn’s smile become all the more charming.

“It’s very simple, actually. Don’t you have that Ancient Document[1] on you? As long as you ask the Ancient Document, you’ll find clues regarding God Crystals.” Sharlyn waved her hand, and in the next instant, the Ancient Document in Shi Feng’s bag appeared before him. “Of course, this is only one of the clues you can use to find God Crystals. The other one is the most important.

“Now that you’ve reached Level 50, you can consider your Tier 2 promotion quest. I suggest you complete it as soon as possible as you don’t have much time left.”

Initially, Shi Feng wanted to curse at the woman. Of course, he knew that the Ancient Document possessed such an ability. After all, he had bought it from the Dark Auction. However, the Ancient Document would only provide a clue to one God Crystal. He needed ten for the Soul Orb. Moreover, he had a greater purpose for the Ancient Document. It would be wasteful to use it to find God Crystals.

“What does my Tier 2 promotion have to do with God Crystals?” Shi Feng asked.

He simply needed to complete a quest for his Tier 2 promotion. Meanwhile, the Gods themselves had used God Crystals. The two were not related in the least.

“Have you forgotten that you own of one of the Ten Great Saint Legacies?” Sharlyn smiled as she took out an ancient book. She then explained, “This ancient book contains records of the Ten Great Saint Legacies. Every time you complete a promotion quest, you’ll be sent into a different space. The Ancient Gods had left these spaces behind. Gods would have certainly stored items there. Hence, for you, it isn’t a particularly difficult task to obtain God Crystals.”

Hearing Sharlyn saying so, Shi Feng thought back to the Eternal Courtyard he had visited in the Origin Sword Domain. An Ancient God had indeed once lived there. Moreover, he had discovered the Holy Grail in that space.

However, as his strength had been limited then, he had been restricted to certain areas. Just surviving and completing his quest had been extremely difficult. He had only obtained the God Crystal due to luck.

As Sharlyn had said, the sooner he completed his Tier 2 promotion, the better. This way, he would have more time to focus on other things. Once he had his Tier 2 class, he could explore new areas and find new treasures.

“Lady Sharlyn, may I know how I should go about completing my promotion?” Shi Feng asked.

Previously, he had completed his class-change with the assistance of a Legacy item. However, his Legacy item had disappeared. If he had a normal class, he could simply go to the library or War God’s Temple and seek out a high-tiered instructor for his Tier 2 promotion. However, hidden classes didn’t have that option. They needed Legacy items to show the way.

“I can send you there. I charged you a friendship price the last time. This time, it will cost you 10,000 Gold and an additional 188 Mana Stones,” Sharlyn said, stretching out her hand as she revealed an expression that stated, “You should be thankful I am offering such a low price.”

When Shi Feng heard this, he very much wished to say, “Why don’t you go rob a bank or something!?”

Others only needed to pay 50 Gold for their Tier 2 promotion, yet his required 10,000 Gold and 188 Mana Stones. Even if he had the Philosopher’s Stone, he still needed 9,400 Magic Crystals to synthesize that many Mana Stones.

If it an independent player stood in his place, they wouldn’t even be able to afford their Tier 2 promotion after reaching Level 100.

“I am giving you a great deal here. If you went to find someone else to assist you, they’ll have to be a Tier 5 magical class, and you’d need three of them. Hiring three such existences will cost you a fortune. On the other hand, I’m only charging 10,000 Gold,” Sharlyn explained.

“Alright, then. However, I don’t have that many Mana Stones on hand right now, and I need to prepare.” When Shi Feng heard that he needed three Tier 5 magical class NPCs to help him, he understood that this promotion quest of his was nothing ordinary. Most likely, only an NPC like Sharlyn could help him. Any other NPC with the required strength would be incredibly rare.

Following which, Shi Feng left the library, rushing back to the Candlelight Trading Firm.

On his way, Melancholic Smile contacted him, an excited expression on her face as she said, “Guild Leader, good news! Abyss has successfully constructed the first Advanced Transport Carriage!”

TL Notes:

[1]Ancient Document: In Chapter 1171, ancient book -> Ancient Document.