Chapter 1200 - Sin Of Pride

Chapter 1200 – Sin of Pride[1]

Tier 3 Magic Scrolls were extremely rare in God’s Domain. It was nearly impossible to find one on the market. Even if one went to a large Guild to purchase Tier 3 Magic Scrolls, they would need to a close relationship with the buyer and rare items to offer in exchange.

Meanwhile, Brute Spear recognized both of Shi Feng’s Magic Scrolls.

One of them contained a Tier 3 large-scale destruction Magic Scroll, and when this Scroll was activated, even Demon players like himself, with high HP and Defense, would die instantly.

The second was a Tier 3 Defensive Magic Scroll, and it was currently acknowledged as the best lifesaving scroll in God’s Domain.

As long as the Tier 3 Defensive Magic Scroll was activated, current players would be helpless against it. Even a Tier 4 large-scale destruction Spell could not break a Tier 3 Defensive Spell. Even Tier 4 Mythic monsters could not break the Defensive Spell. If Shi Feng activated this Magic Scroll, they really wouldn’t be able to do anything to Shi Feng and his group as they left Demon Island.

This was not an outcome Brute Spear wished to see.

“Are you really willing to part with two Tier 3 Magic Scrolls?” Brute Spear glared at Shi Feng. He hadn’t expected Shi Feng’s group to possess such a trump card.

If possible, he wanted to kill Shi Feng before the latter could activate the Magic Scrolls. However, he had already discovered Shi Feng’s standard as a peak expert. Even a Domain Realm expert couldn’t stop Shi Feng from activating those scrolls.

However, whether it was the large-scale destruction Magic Scroll or Defensive Magic Scroll, both were extremely rare, valuable items at this stage of the game. He refused to believe that Shi Feng would part with them so easily.

“What’s there to be reluctant about?” Shi Feng laughed. “Now that Demon Island has transformed, once we return, we can sell this information to various superpowers. I’m sure that they’ll be more than willing to compensate us for our losses.”

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, Brute Spear and his companions’ expressions twisted; they wanted nothing more than to rip Shi Feng Apart.

Currently, they still had plenty of matters to deal with on Demon Island, and it would take some time before they finished. If the other superpowers learned about Demon Island, a war would erupt. If that happened, other superpowers might snatch some of the items they were searching for.

This was definitely not an outcome they wished to see.

“I’ll admit that you’re pretty smart. Say it, then. What do you want?” Brute Spear growled as he suppressed his bubbling rage.

Hearing this, the corners of Shi Feng’s lips raised as he said unhurriedly, “Since it’s a competition, we have to even the odds. Your conditions are simply too one-sided. If we win, we only get to leave safely, yet if we lose, we have to contribute a portion of our souls, suffering a Weakened state for a long period. If you really want a match, do it fairly. Since we have to contribute our souls if we lose, shouldn’t you offer something as well?”

The items the Demon God had bestowed were different from monster drops. There was no two-hour waiting time to take ownership. Unless the items had a setting that made it so that they would drop upon death, even if he killed Brute Spear, there was no guarantee that he could get the items from the man’s bag. Even if something did drop, it was unlikely that it would be the Soul Orb he wanted.

In the past, many superpowers had sought the Soul Orb and had employed many means, both honest and not, to obtain it. However, no matter what they tried, they had failed to obtain the Soul Orb and had no choice but to trade valuable treasures with the Flower of Seven Sins.

“Contribute items?” Brute Spear glared at Shi Feng. Unfortunately, he currently had no means of dealing with the Swordsman. On the contrary, Shi Feng held his weakness, Demon Island, in his palm. “Fine. If you guys win, I’ll give you all a piece of Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment. However, you have to reduce my HP to 50% to win. You may choose whichever of the two options.”

Hearing Brute Spear’s words, everyone present could not help but admire Shi Feng.

This was especially true for the five Flower of Seven Sins members beside Brute Spear. If not for Shi Feng being their enemy, they might even applaud the man.

The fact that Shi Feng had convinced Brute Spear to take a step back, albeit it a very small one, was an amazing feat in and of itself. After all, in the Flower of Seven Sins, Brute Spear was a member of the Sin of Pride.

If Shi Feng chose the first option and competed for no reward, Shi Feng’s group would only need to lower Brute Spear’s HP by 20%. As for the second option, while there was a reward, they would have to reduce Brute Spear’s HP by half. The difference was obvious. If Shi Feng’s group wanted to win, they would definitely choose the first option. In the end, nothing would change.

“So, are you saying that, if we decimate all of your HP, you’ll give us an Epic item?” Shi Feng asked, smiling.

“You really are a greedy bastard. Do you think you guys are worth one Epic item?” Brute Spear said in disdain.

“While Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment is tempting, do you think I would lack something like that?” Shi Feng said, chuckling as he exposed the Angry Tyrant bracers’ glow effect.

Immediately, the Angry Tyrant’s Epic-rank glow stunned everyone present.

Previously, Shi Feng had hidden the glow effects of his weapons and equipment, making it very difficult to determine his items’ quality unless one had done their research into God’s Domain’s various materials.

Obviously, nobody present could determine his items’ quality. Otherwise, they would have been astounded.

Epic Equipment?!

Passing Monarch was taken aback when he noticed Shi Feng’s bracers.

Even the Freedom Alliance only possessed a few pieces of Epic Equipment. It was unbelievable that a lone player like Shi Feng possessed a piece as well.

“It seems I really have underestimated you.” When Brute Spear looked at Shi Feng’s Angry Tyrant, greed flashed in his eyes.

Epic Equipment was even rare in Super Guilds. Super Guilds had far fewer Epic items than peak experts. Only peak experts that performed exceedingly well were assigned Epic Equipment. Even Brute Spear only wore two pieces of Epic Equipment. He had received one of them from the Flower of Seven Sins, while he had just obtained the other from the Demon God’s quest.

He did not have any Epic bracers. If he could obtain them, they would undoubtedly increase his Basic Attributes.

“If you want to do it that way, we’ll do it fairly. If I bet an Epic item, then you guys have to bet an Epic item as well,” Brute Spear said, sneering.

It was obviously not possible to steal Shi Feng’s Epic bracers.

Even if he killed Shi Feng, the Swordsman would drop random items. The chance of obtaining those Epic bracers was simply too low. If he wanted, he had to gamble.

“If you lose, you only need to hand over one Epic item, yet if we lose, we need to offer our souls and an Epic item. You call that fair?” Shi Feng smirked.

“If you wish for absolute fairness, fine! You and me, one-on-one!” Brute Spear said. “If you win, I’ll give you a top-tier Epic item!”

“A top-tier Epic item?” Shi Feng’s expression twisted into one of contempt. He then publicized Angry Tyrant’s Attributes for everyone to see. “If you can offer a better piece of Epic Equipment better than mine, I’ll consider it. If not, no deal!”

TL Notes:

[1]Sin of Pride: (Chapter 1168, 1169) Sin of Arrogance -> Sin of Pride