Chapter 1213 - Super-Sensitive State

Chapter 1213 – Super-sensitive State

Phoenix Rain was similarly shocked when she saw the Soul Water.

There were plenty of delicacies in God’s Domain. However, those were only attractive in terms of taste and smell. However, the Soul Water was different. It emanated a powerfully attractive aura.

“It seems that I really have underestimated you.” Phoenix Rain chuckled as she shook her head.

Previously, she worried that Zero Wing’s five members would waste the legacy slots. However, that concern seemed unfounded.

Following which, Shi Feng activated the Bronze Tablet for the Secret Spellcasting Technique while everyone else began to draw a copy of the magic array that had appeared on the tablet.

As the Basic Magic Arrays began taking form, they resonated with the array on the Bronze Tablet. A black hole then formed on the tablet, pulling everyone but Shi Feng into it.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng was alone in the meeting room.

I’ve done all I can. How much you grow will depend on you now.

Shi Feng glanced at the now empty space where Aqua Rose and the others had stood before turning and leaving the room.

…

Elsewhere, after being pulled into the black hole, Aqua Rose and the others were transported to the entrance of a nine-story-tall, golden temple.

The temple was nearly 600 meters tall, looming like a large mountain. Its appearance alone shocked Aqua Rose and the others. This temple also radiated a suffocating pressure, making everyone’s movements extraordinarily sluggish.

“So, this is the Secret Technique space?” Aqua Rose and the others looked around curiously.

The pair of bronze doors before them was tightly shut, and it did not seem as if they could enter the temple at the moment. Two, large words had been carved into the doors.

Bronze Temple!

Suddenly, the figure of an old man with a hunched back appeared before the doors. This old man wore a kind expression. However, as these players inspected the man carefully, they discovered that, despite only being a phantom, he was incredibly strong.

–

[Bronze Temple Guardian (Phantom)] (Grand Wizard)

Level ? ? ?

HP ? ? ? ? ? ?/ ? ? ? ? ? ?

–

A Grand Wizard was the Tier 5 class of an Elementalist. Even in empires, a Grand Wizard was an apex existence. Even emperors had to treat these powerhouses with respect. Although the Grand Wizard before them was only a phantom, he was still an invincible existence compared to Tier 1 players like Aqua Rose and the others.

“Heaven-blessed individuals, welcome to the Bronze Temple. You are only allocated six hours of legacy time. However, you can extend this legacy time with your performance. The Bronze Temple has a total of nine floors, and each floor has numerous sets of Secret Techniques. You are only allowed to pick one set from each floor each time you enter the Bronze Temple. However, as you have come to this place through an incomplete tablet, there is only one complete set available inside the Bronze Temple. The rest are incomplete.

“Of the temple’s nine floors, you have one chance to learn one aspect of the complete legacy from each floor. Although you may acquire the complete legacy on the first floor for free, you will have to defeat a predetermined opponent to obtain the complete legacies on the remaining floors. The more floors you clear, the longer you may visit the Bronze Temple.

“When you pass the second floor, you will gain one extra hour inside, two hours for passing the third floor, four hours for the fourth floor, and so on. You only have one chance to learn from each floor. Regardless of how many times you return here in the future, if you cannot pass the last floor you reached, you cannot obtain more legacies. Please keep this in mind.”

When the Bronze Temple Guardian finished speaking, he vanished. Following which, the bronze gates slowly opened.

“So, this is how it works.” Realization dawned on Aqua Rose.

It was no wonder why it was mentioned that the first entry into a Secret Technique Tablet was the most effective, while subsequent entries would be less so. After all, the higher a player’s skill level, the more difficult it would be to improve. This was similar to Skill Completion Rates. The closer one was to reaching 100% Completion Rate, the more difficult it would be to raise it.

If a player reached the fourth floor on their first attempt, but couldn’t reach the fifth floor during their second attempt, then they wouldn’t obtain any legacies. They would’ve wasted a trip.

Aqua Rose and Phoenix Rain’s group of ten entered the Bronze Temple.

The Bronze Temple’s first floor had a similar setup to a football stadium. A massive, magic water ball dominated the center of this stadium. It was obvious that the players were supposed to receive their legacies from this liquid orb.

As this wasn’t the first time Phoenix Rain’s group had entered a Secret Technique space, they habitually retrieved their Magic Wine from their bags and drank it. Without hesitation, they approached the water ball in the center.

In the next moment, Phoenix Rain’s group of five entered the water ball and disappeared as if they had been transported to a different space.

“Big Sis Aqua, let’s go, too,” Violet Cloud said excitedly.

The Secret Spellcasting Technique was a combat technique tailored for magical classes. If she could grasp it, she could definitely improve her techniques.

“Mhm, let’s enter as well.” Aqua Rose nodded. She then took out the Soul Water from her bag and drank it.

–

[Soul Water]

When consumed, increases player’s focus for two hours.

Cooldown: 10 hours

–

The instant Aqua Rose drank the Soul Water, she felt as if she had somehow left her body.

Her mind experienced a calm like never before, and she felt physically stronger and more agile than ever. When she tried to recall the Void Steps she had previously learned, countless thoughts and inspiration bombarded her mind.

Aqua Rose hadn’t been aware that consuming the Soul Water placed one in a super-sensitive state. This state was far beyond what players experienced even in absurdly high Mana dense environments.

“The Guild Leader really is impressive. This Soul Water is at least ten times stronger than the Hundred Berry Wine,” Alluring Summer commented in astonishment.

When she had first joined Zero Wing, she had been thoroughly impressed by the Hundred Berry Wine. The beverage had helped her improve significantly within a short time, allowing her Skill Completion Rate to rise from 80% to 82%, yet after so long in Zero Wing, she had only reached an 85% Skill Completion Rate. Although this increase seemed minute, in reality, her Spells had undergone a qualitative transformation.

As for Zhao Yueru, she was at a loss for words.

The more she knew about Shi Feng, the more mysterious he seemed. Shi Feng was a Pandora’s Box, hiding countless secrets.

When she had discovered that Ye Feng and Black Flame were actually the same person, she had been shocked. After all, she had understood what kind of background Ye Feng had started with. He had nothing to lean on, yet now, he was the Guild Leader of Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild.

Once Aqua Rose’s team had familiarized themselves with the super-sensitive state, they entered the magic water ball.

…

Inside one of the Candlelight Trading Firm’s Special Forging Rooms, Melancholic Smile walked in with over 2,000 logs of Ebony. Each Ebony stack contained 20 logs. Although the Special Forging Room was quite spacious, it was not enough room to store so many logs. Shi Feng had no choice but to store them in his bag space for now, leaving 300 logs out to experiment on later.

“Why isn’t it succeeding?” Shi Feng wore a confused expression as he held the crimson Philosopher’s Stone and stared at the pile of ash on the floor. “Is it really impossible to transmute Ebony into Green Ebony?”

So far, he had performed Elemental Strengthening on more than 200 logs of Ebony. However, every attempt either did nothing or tuned the wood to ash.

If others knew that Shi Feng had wasted over 200 logs of Ebony, they would have fainted from anger.

Although Ebony was not a rare wood, it wasn’t available in large quantities. Each log could sell for 20 Silver on the market, only slightly cheaper than a Magic Crystal. One could purchase a Common Mount for the price of 200-plus logs…

Following which, Shi Feng tried using the Philosopher’s Stone’s three other Skills—Alchemical Conversion, Elemental Refinement, and Alchemical Synthesis. However, the results were the same. Though, surprisingly, when Shi Feng used Alchemical Synthesis on 50 logs, he obtained Purple Origin Wood rather than Green Ebony.

Purple Origin Wood was a rare wood. Similar to Diamond Wood, it was an excellent component for crafting ships. However, using 50 logs of Ebony to obtain one log of Purple Origin Wood was obviously not worthwhile. Each log was only worth 6 to 7 Gold, yet synthesizing it from Ebony would cost 10 Gold per log.

“No, it must be that my approach is wrong.” Shi Feng suddenly thought of something after seeing his repeated failures.

The reason Ebony could become Green Ebony was its Mana density. Green Ebony only manifested where the Mana density was quite high. This was also why Green Ebony was so rare.

“If there isn’t enough Mana, I’ll have to supply it.” Shi Feng smiled. He then took a large pile of Magic Crystals from his bag and used them to fuel Elemental Strengthening.

On his first try, he used one Magic Crystal. Although the strengthening failed, the Ebony remained intact.

On his second try, he used two crystals; the results were the same.

…

It’s no good even with 29 Magic Crystals?!

Shi Feng was speechless. However, he had no choice but to grit his teeth and continue trying. He then used 30 Magic Crystals to strengthen the log of Ebony before him.

As the Magic Crystals began to disintegrate, the Mana within them surged into the log of Ebony. Immediately, the sound of a system notification reached Shi Feng’s ears.

–

System: Congratulations! Strengthening successful. You have obtained Green Ebony.