Chapter 1212 - Respective Preparations

Chapter 1212 – Respective Preparations

In the Candlelight Trading Firm’s seventh-floor meeting room…

As soon as Shi Feng entered the meeting room, several gazes landed on him. The origin of these gazes was none other than Phoenix Rain’s group, who had waited for quite some time now.

This time, aside from Blue Phoenix, Phoenix Rain had brought three cloaked men.

These men hid their levels, equipment, and in-game name. Although Shi Feng could not see any information about these men, the fact that Phoenix Rain had chosen them to enter the Secret Technique tablet proved that their combat standards were extraordinary. Otherwise, Phoenix Rain wouldn’t have wasted these precious legacy slots on them.

So, these are Phoenix Rain’s hidden cards. The Phoenix Pavilion sure has a powerful foundation.

Shi Feng was slightly surprised when he saw the three men.

He was surprised due to the men’s calm auras. They felt more like plants than humans. Moreover, under his observation and perception, he couldn’t find any holes in their defenses.

This was rare. After all, he could even spot three weak points on an expert like Blue Phoenix.

There were only two kinds of people that could hide their weak points from him. The first was those who possessed a higher combat standard than he did, while the second was those who had experienced countless battles and had long since hammered out their weaknesses.

Regardless of which type these three men were, they were extremely powerful experts.

As Shi Feng observed these three men, these men observed him. Once they completed their evaluation, they were astonished.

“Is he that Ye Feng that Rain mentioned?”

“He is even more powerful than Rain said. I never expected an upstart Guild to possess such a young expert.”

“Truly amazing. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a kid that felt dangerous.”

…

The three men chatted quietly as they looked at Shi Feng.

As they conversed, Blue Phoenix, who noticed this, smiled and said, “Big Sis Rain, Ye Feng seems to have shocked the Elders.”

These men were not actually members of the Phoenix Pavilion. Instead, they were Elders on the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Board of Elders. Normally, they only listened to the Great Pavilion Master.

Aside from extensive contributions to the Guild, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion required sufficient strength to join the Board of Elders. Otherwise, their subordinates wouldn’t submit.

However, although the Guild Elders only listened to the Great Pavilion Master, the Great Pavilion Master didn’t have any right to manage their free time.

Phoenix Rain had secured these three men’s help for Thunder Island.

Of course, the condition for their help was a slot to the Secret Spellcasting Technique.

Phoenix Rain simply smiled in response to the Elders’ reactions to Shi Feng.

While part of the reason she had brought these three Elders here was to learn the Secret Spellcasting Technique, another part was to rope them into her faction. After all, the contest over Thunder Island wasn’t limited to a single event. The contest would repeat in the future, yet these men had only agreed to help once.

In terms of overall strength, the Phoenix Pavilion and Heavenly Dragon Pavilion were about equal. Hence, both sides’ chances of becoming the Great Pavilion Master were fifty-fifty.

As a result, the Elders, who maintained a neutral stance in the Guild, became prime recruitment targets. Not only did they possess great individual strength, but they also had significant influence within the Guild. Every Elder would massively boost their respective factions.

Naturally, these Elders understood that the future Great Pavilion Master would be one of the two current Pavilion Masters. However, while it was important to pick a side as soon as possible, it was also important that they chose the strongest.

Strength came in many forms. For starters, there was the strength of collaborators. The stronger collaborators a side possessed, the more help these collaborators could be.

Many elders had criticized Phoenix Rain for partnering with Zero Wing. However, after Blackwater’s defeat and the Evil Dragon Battle Team’s annihilation, some of these Elders had begun to see her in a new light.

“Sorry for making you wait. I had some preparations to see to. Now that we’re here, let’s begin,” Shi Feng said as he approached the meeting table. He then took the Bronze Tablet from his bag.

The instant the Bronze Tablet appeared, the three Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion Elders’ eyes shone, their yearning for the Bronze Tablet overflowing.

Although the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had several Secret Technique Tablets of their own, none were for magical classes. While they could not deny the usefulness of those Secret Techniques, in terms of benefits to magical class players such as themselves, those techniques paled in comparison to the Secret Spellcasting Technique.

“Team Leader Ye Feng, I believe you know about the Secret Technique tablets. If you want the best effect from the legacy, it is best if you prepare tools that can assist players in increasing their focus. This way, you can earn twice the reward with half the effort,” Phoenix Rain suggested. “If your side hasn’t prepared, I have a few bottles of Magic Wine that I can share. When consumed, one experiences similar effects to being in the Trial Tower, and each bottle has a duration of 30 minutes.”

As Phoenix Rain said so, she removed several bottles from her bag.

She had produced these bottles of Magic Wine with the Epic tool she had won in the Dark Auction.

“I didn’t expect Rain to be so generous. The materials needed to brew the Magic Wine are very rare, and she has only brewed a small number. If she gives away some of her own share, she’ll miss plenty of opportunities later inside the Secret Technique space.”

“This can’t be helped. Tools capable of increasing a player’s focus are simply too rare. At the end of the day, Zero Wing is still an upstart Guild with weak foundations. I have heard that Zero Wing intends to participate in the contest for Thunder Island. Now that Rain is helping them, they will be more useful on Thunder Island.”

“Previously, I heard that Pantheon’s people had sought Rain out to discuss a partnership. If that child had agreed, she wouldn’t have to sacrifice her own resources like this.”

…

The three Elders discussed Phoenix Rain’s actions.

The Secret Spellcasting Technique was the only reason they had agreed to help Phoenix Rain on Thunder Island. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have poked their noses into such a troublesome matter.

Phoenix Rain and Nine Dragons Emperor were equally powerful. However, the difference between their collaborators was obvious at a glance. While they did not mean to belittle Zero Wing, Nine Dragons Emperor had partnered with the Super Guild King’s Return. Moreover, recently, Miracle had also agreed to a non-aggression pact with Nine Dragons Emperor for the contest on Thunder Island. Nine Dragons Emperor’s advantages far outstripped Phoenix Rain’s.

Just as Phoenix Rain was about to reveal another bottle of Magic Wine, Shi Feng shook his head and said, “Thank you for your goodwill, but we have come prepared.”

“You already have them?” Phoenix Rain could not help her astonishment. She hadn’t expected Zero Wing to have such a foundation.

Before she had won the Epic tool that produced Magic Wine, the Phoenix Pavilion had only had a few tools that improved a player’s concentration.

Meanwhile, Aqua Rose and the others, who stood by the side, weren’t surprised in the least.

If one wanted to discuss tools that improved focus, nothing throughout Star-Moon Kingdom and its several neighboring kingdoms and empires could compare to the Hundred Berry Wine.

The Hundred Berry Wine’s effects were simply wondrous. Unfortunately, the supply was limited. To improve their efficiency with learning the Secret Spellcasting Technique, Shi Feng had given each of them five bottles.

“Aqua, you guys take these. Each person only gets one bottle,” Shi Feng said before revealing five bottles of Soul Water.

The crimson droplet within the glass bottles immediately attracted everyone’s attention.

The instant Shi Feng took out these glass bottles, everyone present thirsted for the Soul Water.

Even a fool could tell how amazing the Soul Water was.

When Aqua Rose and the others held the Soul Water, they could not help but take a deep gulp, their minds practically shouting at them to consume the Soul Water.

“How could such a frightening tool actually exist?”

The three Elders were dumbfounded as they stared at the Soul Water in wonder.