Chapter 1211 - Soul Water

Chapter 1211 – Soul Water

In the first-floor hall of the Candlelight Trading Firm…

Due to the Exotic Stamina Potion’s recent launch, not only had the Candlelight Trading firm become the most popular place in White River City, but it had also become a holy land for Lifestyle players.

Every day, a large number of Lifestyle players visited the Candlelight Trading Firm to take its entry test.

Among the kingdom’s trading firms, the Candlelight Trading Firm employed the most Lifestyle players. In addition, it was the only place that had the Basic Meditation Room.

Everyone had thought little of the Basic Meditation Room when it had first appeared. However, shortly after, a large group of Advanced Lifestyle players had suddenly emerged in the Candlelight Trading Firm. Even if they didn’t acknowledge that the Basic Meditation Room had anything to do with it, it was difficult to deny the truth. How else would they explain the sudden addition of so many Advanced Lifestyle players in the Candlelight Trading Firm?

Lifestyle players’ status rose with each passing day. Advanced Lifestyle players, in particular, enjoyed generous benefits. As long as one worked hard, their income could even rival that of expert players. They could easily live without having to worry about food and clothing. If they reached the Master rank, even owning a mansion and luxury cars were within reach.

To become Master Lifestyle players, joining the Candlelight Trading Firm was undeniably the best option.

“So, this is the Candlelight Trading Firm? Seems like a pretty nice place.”

As a large group of independent Lifestyle players lined up by the first-floor hall’s staircase, awaiting their turn to be tested, a female player in dark gray robes entered the trading firm and nonchalantly commented.

This female player was none other than Silent Wonder, whom Shi Feng had invited to work for the Candlelight Trading Firm.

Silent Wonder’s comment instantly attracted many Lifestyle players’ attention as they all turned to look at her.

Very quickly, they noticed the Advanced Alchemist’s Insignia on Silent Wonder’s chest. Moreover, her level was frighteningly high, at Level 42. Not even many experts had such a high level.

However, despite her level and alchemist rank, the waiting Lifestyle players glared at her contemptuously.

At this moment, an Advanced Enchanter close to Silent Wonder said, “You must have come here from another kingdom, right? If you wish to join the Candlelight Trading Firm, you need to queue up for the test.”

“Even Advanced classes need to take the test to join this place?” Silent Wonder asked the Advanced Enchanter standing in the long queue.

The various Guilds were all in desperate need of Advanced Lifestyle players. Practically every Guild treated their Advanced Lifestyle players like their own children.

If an Advanced lifestyle player stated their intention to join a Guild, plenty of Guilds would welcome them with open arms, not force them to take a test.

“Of course. There are at least five Advanced Lifestyle players ahead of me right now,” the Advanced Enchanter said as he rolled his eyes. “This is the Candlelight Trading Firm. It isn’t like your average Guild. From I’ve heard, several Advanced Lifestyle players had failed Candlelight’s test and had to retake it three times before they managed to pass.”

“How is this possible!?” For a moment, Silent Wonder thought she had heard wrong. She suspected that the Advanced Enchanter before her was a prop the Candlelight Trading Firm had placed here to fool people. “Those are Advanced Lifestyle players we’re talking about!”

If even Advanced Lifestyle players needed to retake the test several times, how were Basic and Intermediate Lifestyle players supposed to pass?

“It’s true. This is already my second time taking the test. Candlelight’s testing is different from other Guilds. They set different requirements depending on your rank. Only by achieving their requirement are you allowed to join. The only advantage Advanced Lifestyle players have is that we don’t need to become reserve members. As long as we pass the test, we’ll be accepted as official members instantly,” the Advanced Enchanter explained.

Silent Wonder fell silent for a moment.

She could not understand what was going through these Advanced Lifestyle players’ minds.

If an Advanced Lifestyle player joined any other Guild, becoming a core member would be trivial, yet based on the Advanced Enchanter’s explanation, one would be lucky to become an official member of the Candlelight Trading Firm…

Were all of these Advanced Lifestyle players somehow tricked to come here?

Silent Wonder wondered about her agreement with Shi Feng.

“Have you come all the way here without knowing anything?” the Advanced Enchanter asked, surprised by Silent Wonder’s behavior.

In response, Silent Wonder nodded.

“No wonder. In Star-Moon Kingdom and our several neighboring counties, the Candlelight Trading Firm is second to none in terms of the treatment and benefits it provides. Aside from its large number of Special Workshops, there are also the Basic Meditation Rooms that can help Advanced Lifestyle players like us reach the Master rank. I heard that Candlelight already has a Master Engineer. As long as we become Candlelight core members, we can seek guidance from that Master Engineer,” the Advanced Enchanter explained.

“A Master?! How is this possible?!” Silent Wonder was stunned. She could not believe her ears.

That was a Master Lifestyle player they were talking about!

Even God’s Domain’s empires didn’t have a Master rank Lifestyle player yet, much less a small kingdom like Star-Moon Kingdom. After all, crossing that final threshold was not a simple thing.

Yet, not only did the Candlelight Trading Firm have an excellent resource like the Basic Meditation Room, but it also possessed a bona fide Master leading it. Any Advanced Lifestyle player seeking to become a Master would be more than eager to learn about a Master’s experience.

So, he really wasn’t lying.

Silent Wonder suddenly thought back to Shi Feng’s words mentioning how her stay in the Candlelight Trading Firm after fulfilling her contract was an unknown. She had assumed that Shi Feng wanted to provoke her. Now, however, it would seem that he had told the truth. After all, with the presence of a Master Lifestyle player and so many Advanced Lifestyle players seeking said Master’s guidance, the competition within the trading firm would be intense.

Hmph! So what?! I refuse to submit! At the end of the month, you’ll be begging me to stay!

Silent Wonder’s fighting spirit flared.

She had relied on herself to grow from an Apprentice into an Advanced Alchemist. She believed that, as long as she remained in Candlelight Trading Firm, it would be a trivial task to become the trading firm’s Chief Alchemist.

…

As Silent Wonder joined the queue to take the test, a large number of reserve members gathered in the fourth-floor hall. There were over 600 players present. Among these people, even the weakest were Advanced Apprentices, with the majority of them being Basic or Intermediate Lifestyle players. In any other large Guild, they would be official members at the very least. In the Candlelight Trading Firm, however, they were only reserve members.

However, these reserve members were all very excited. As long as they signed a contract, they would become official members for five days. During these five days, not only could they receive guidance, but they could also utilize the trading firm’s Special Workshops.

“Guild Leader, due to time constraints, I have only gathered this many people for now. It will take some more time to gather the remaining players,” Melancholic Smile said.

“This should be barely enough. If you have the time, try to expand the firm a little more. In any case, Candlelight will have to expand later on. Doing it a little early would be just as beneficial,” Shi Feng said as he glanced at the reserve members in the hall. The number of people here barely met his requirement.

Currently, there wasn’t enough Ebony in White River City’s Candlelight Trading Firm’s warehouse; there were only 30 logs or so. It was hardly enough for his needs. They still needed to transfer their stockpile from the other Shops. It just so happened that he could use this time to obtain some Soul Water. After all, Phoenix Rain was in quite a hurry, and it would not help him to delay them.

Following which, Shi Feng began absorbing the reserve members’ souls.

The absorption process was very simple. He didn’t even need to take out the Soul Orb itself. A simple handshake and an agreement from the contributing party would do.

One reserve member after another clicked “Agree” when a window appeared, asking them to contribute a fraction of their souls.

When the Soul Orb eventually gathered 100 souls, a drop of dazzling, red water formed within.

After a short moment, the Soul Orb absorbed 624 souls and formed six drops of Soul Water.

Alright. It’s about time I meet Phoenix Rain.

Shi Feng smiled in satisfaction as he stored the six drops of Soul Water in six small bottles.