Chapter 1214 - Raising Fame

Chapter 1214 – Raising Fame

“Finally.”

Shi Feng released a sigh of relief when he saw the Green Ebony log on the stone table before him, a hint of excitement flashing across his eyes.

Although the Magic Crystal cost had been high, strengthening Ebony into Green Ebony would save him a lot of time. His only other option would be harvesting Green Ebony, and he had no idea where to find the large quantity he needed.

A single Advanced Transport Carriage required 15 logs of Green Ebony. Even if he sent Blackie and the others to grind Trolls in the Crying Ghost Ridge, they’d be lucky to obtain eight or nine logs per day. Furthermore, the Crying Ghost Ridge was currently home to the ancient abyssal monsters. The risk was simply too high. A single mistake could claim Blackie and the others’ lives.

In Shi Feng’s opinion, trading 30 Magic Crystals and one log of normal Ebony for a log of Green Ebony was worthwhile.

However, Magic Crystals are going to be a problem. I can’t mass-produce Green Ebony just yet.

Shi Feng looked at the Magic Crystals in his bag and felt a headache brewing.

Currently, with the 40,000-plus Magic Crystals left in his bag, he could create plenty of Green Ebony.

However, if a Guild wished to develop, it needed to invest resources in various aspects. If he wanted Zero Wing to advance by leaps and bounds within a short time, he needed to invest even more. This was especially true for the Guild’s elite members. Their training in the Divine Colosseum could not be forsaken. Considering this, Shi Feng somewhat lacked Magic Crystals.

Although he had made a fortune in the Dark Arena, he had already spent his earnings. Moreover, he owed Phoenix Rain a monstrous debt of 250,000 Magic Crystals, which he needed to pay off within the next five days…

The majority of his earnings from the Dark Arena consisted of weapons and equipment. If he traded these excellent items for Coins and Magic Crystals, he could pay back the Magic Crystals he owed Phoenix Rain with a sizable stock to spare, enough to begin his city’s construction.

However, Zero Wing was expanding rapidly and in urgent need of excellent weapons and equipment. Unless he had truly run out of options, Shi Feng wanted to avoid selling those items.

It seems that I’ll have to increase Stone Forest Town’s fame

, Shi Feng pondered.

Currently, Stone Forest Town was an Intermediate Town. Not only did it occupy a massive area, but it also had three Magic Towers, increasing the town’s Mana density significantly. Although the town had only reopened shortly after the war, far more players now occupied the town.

However, if he wanted to earn a fortune from Stone Forest Town, attracting Star-Moon Kingdom’s players wasn’t enough.

After all, there was a limit to how many players in Star-Moon Kingdom could afford a membership for the Battle Arena. However, there were plenty of players available in the neighboring kingdoms and empires. Unfortunately, these players either didn’t know about Stone Forest Town, or it wasn’t an attractive enough reason to make the journey.

Considering his options, Shi Feng began to strengthen the Ebony he had.

If he wanted Stone Forest Town’s fame to reach more players, he needed a convenient transportation system. Mass-producing Burning Abyss’s modified Advanced Transport Carriage would solve that problem.

The nearest teleportation point to Stone Forest Town was roughly ten hours away on foot. If one used a Common Mount, they could reach the town in half the time. Even so, five hours was still a very long time.

The Advanced Transport Carriage increased a player’s Movement Speed by 150%. It was similar to a Mysterious-Iron Mount. However, with Mana Combustion, the Transport Carriage’s Movement Speed could be increased by another 15%. Moreover, this 15% increase was based on the 150% base Movement Speed. In other words, the Advanced Transport Carriage would increase a player’s Movement Speed by a total of 172.5% when using Mana Combustion. That speed could already rival a Secret-Silver Mount.

A journey that originally took ten hours on foot would now be complete in a little over three hours.

To high-level players, who frequently traveled for five or six hours to reach their grinding spots, three hours of travel was acceptable.

Moreover, Shi Feng intended to offer even more bountiful rewards for the Battle Arena.

Top-tier weapons and equipment were not particularly attractive to powerful independent experts. Hence, if he wished to attract more people, he needed to offer items that those independent experts wanted.

He might not have previously had such items, but now he did.

As long as independent experts wanted them, they were fully capable of obtaining top-tier weapons and equipment. However, combat techniques were a different story.

Originally, Shi Feng had thought of offering the Secret Sword Technique’s slots as a reward. However, now that he had the Secret Spellcasting Technique, he could offer those. Although he would lose two slots as a result, this reward would definitely drive God’s Domain’s independent experts crazy.

Time passed quickly. Before Shi Feng had realized it, he had spent the entire night creating Green Ebony.

After the long night of work, he had produced 600 logs of Green Ebony. Unfortunately, Elemental Strengthening’s success rate wasn’t 100%; he had spent over 20,000 Magic Crystals to obtain these 600 logs.

Fortunately, with 600 logs of Green Ebony, they could manufacture 40 Advanced Transport Carriages for transporting goods and players too and from Stone Forest Town. With a large number of rental carriages as well, they would have more than enough carriages to meet the town’s needs. Now, he just needed to manufacture the Advanced Transport Carriages.

Manufacturing the Advanced Transport Carriage was incredibly tedious. Fortunately, he had employed the help of the NPC Master Engineer Rodney. With Burning Abyss and Rodney working together, they could craft the Advanced Transport Carriage relatively quickly. As for the advanced speedboats, he would have to set that aside for now. After all, they hadn’t even dealt with the Diamond Wood issue yet. How could they possibly begin building ships?

Shi Feng had also produced plenty of Magic Array Scrolls and Advanced Mana Armor Kits.

Shi Feng now had two more sets of Double Protection Barrier Magic Array Scrolls and two sets of Divine Beast’s Descent Magic Array Scrolls. If not for his limited materials, he could’ve produced even more.

As for the Advanced Mana Armor Kit, Shi Feng had forged over 600. Aside from a fraction reserved for Guild members, he intended to use the remainder to lure customers to the Candlelight Trading Firm and as daily rewards for the Battle Arena’s tournament.

“Time sure flies by. However, these Advanced Mana Armor Kits should last us for quite some time. Now, I just need to inform players in other countries,” Shi Feng said as he smiled in satisfaction.

The Advanced Mana Armor Kit was exclusive to Zero Wing and the Candlelight Trading Firm. It was also one of the best available armor kits currently. With the addition of the Secret Spellcasting Technique, he could already imagine the commotion Stone Forest Town would cause.

Neither the Advanced Mana Armor Kits nor the Secret Spellcasting Technique could be purchased with Coins. Most likely, even independent experts would not be able to hold themselves back from joining the Battle Arena’s tournament.

As Shi Feng was about to write a post on the official forums, Melancholic Smile contacted him.

“Guild Leader, the Phoenix Pavilion Master has emerged from the Secret Technique space and said she wishes to discuss something with you. She is waiting in the top-floor meeting room.”

“She’s out already?” Shi Feng could not help his surprise.

From what she had heard from Phoenix Rain, even a powerful expert could easily remain in a Bronze Secret Technique space for over 12 hours, much less an expert like Phoenix Rain, yet only ten hours had passed. Logically, she should not be out so soon.