Chapter 1215 - Super-Large-Scale Team Dungeon

Chapter 1215 – Super-large-scale Team Dungeon

The Candlelight Trading Firm’s top-floor meeting room:

As soon as Shi Feng entered the room, he noticed the change in Phoenix Rain, who was currently sat beside a french window.

If Phoenix Rain had radiated a calm, collected feeling with the aura of a superior, she now felt free and natural.

Although there was only a slight change to her temperament, Shi Feng could tell that Phoenix Rain’s harvest from the Secret Technique space had been significant.

No wonder why the various superpowers are desperate for Secret Technique tablets. Their effects are truly extraordinary.

Shi Feng was inwardly surprised.

If a Bronze Tablet was already so effective, Shi Feng found it hard to imagine what kind of effects the Golden Tablet, which the mysterious NPC youth had stolen, would have.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, you sure are early. I had assumed you would be in there for at least 30 hours,” Shi Feng said as he sat down. “May I know what urgent matter you wish to discuss?”

“Although this might sound a little blunt, I need to know. Do you have any of that Soul Water left?” Phoenix Rain asked, her expression stern as she looked at Shi Feng. A faint hint of anticipation glittered in her eyes. “If you still have some, I am willing to purchase it for 50 Gold per bottle or Magic Crystals of equivalent value.”

Shi Feng was, more or less, surprised to hear Phoenix Rain’s question.

Even the most expensive consumable item that could improve a player’s focus did not exceed 20 Gold. In Zero Wing, Guild members could purchase the Hundred Berry Wine from the Dark Den for around 8 or 9 Gold.

Yet, Phoenix Rain had offered to buy Soul Water for 50 Gold per bottle without hesitation.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, why are you suddenly so interested in the Soul Water?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

It was impossible to determine the Soul Water’s effects based on its description. Only by testing it personally would one understand its benefits.

He had obtained a total of six drops of Soul Water and had stored them in six separate glass bottles, five of which he had already given to Aqua Rose and the others. He had saved the last bottle for himself in case he needed its effects. Logically, Phoenix Rain shouldn’t have any way of knowing the Soul Water’s true value.

“It’s difficult not to notice the Soul Water’s effects even if I don’t want to. Team Leader Ye Feng, you’ve never entered a Secret Technique space; so you might not fully understand the situation. Inside a Bronze-rank Secret Technique space, anybody capable of reaching the fourth floor in six hours on their first attempt should be able to comprehend the legacy they chose easily. Those with talent might even be able to reach the fourth floor in less than six hours. As for reaching the sixth floor in six hours, extremely few geniuses have ever managed the feat.” Revealing a bitter smile, Phoenix Rain continued, “However, among Aqua Rose’s group, even the weakest one among them reached the sixth floor within six hours, while the other four reached the seventh floor…”

Although she acknowledged that Aqua Rose and the others were quite talented, the fact that the weakest among them had reached the sixth floor within six hours was something she could not accept.

Throughout the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, the number of people that had managed to reach the sixth floor in a Bronze Secret Technique space in six hours could be counted on one hand. Every one of these people was a monster that had already reached the Domain Realm. But what of Aqua Rose and the others?

Even the strongest among them had only reached the Refinement Realm and wasn’t even close to the Flowing Water Realm, much less grasping a Domain.

Yet, Aqua Rose and the others’ performance was astonishing.

She would never believe that someone could rely on their own abilities to achieve such a result.

The only possibility Phoenix Rain could think of was the Soul Water Shi Feng had given the girls before they entered.

“So, that’s the issue.” Realization dawned on Shi Feng. “I do still have some Soul Water. However, it’s far too valuable. I don’t have a lot on hand right now. If you would like some, I can trade them to you, but I want neither Coins nor Magic Crystals. Rather, I would like to borrow the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s strength to help me with something. Once the task had been completed, I’ll give you ten bottles of Soul Water.”

Selling the Soul Water was the most foolish thing he could do.

He wouldn’t even sell the liquid if someone offered him 300 Gold per bottle, not to mention 50 Gold. One hundred souls were required to make a single drop of Soul Water. This limited the Soul Water’s production. He didn’t even have enough for his own Guild members, not to mention selling it to others. Moreover, if he mass-produced the Soul Water, the Soul Orb would be exposed.

“Ten bottles?” Phoenix Rain pondered.

Ten bottles of Soul Water wasn’t nearly enough. She wouldn’t even be able to supply her direct subordinates.

However, after giving the matter some thought, she found it reasonable. The Soul Water could enhance a player’s comprehension and allow them to reach the seventh floor of a Bronze Temple within six hours. How could such a treasure be available in large quantities?

Although a Bronze Secret Technique was the easiest Secret Technique to learn, it was still extremely difficult to complete all nine floors. Not one player throughout the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had comprehended an entire set of Bronze-rank Combat Techniques.

If she could get her hands on the Soul Water, however, someone in the Guild might.

Comprehending a combat technique to the seventh floor would already massive boost one’s combat power. If one fully comprehended a complete Bronze Combat Technique, their combat power would soar.

“May I know what you wish to use the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s strength for?” Phoenix Rain asked.

“It’s very simple. You just need to help me raid a Dungeon,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

“Raid a Dungeon?” Phoenix Rain asked, confused, “Zero Wing already has so many experts. Are they not enough?”

Zero Wing indeed had a vast collection of experts. Raiding a Level 45, 100-man Team Dungeon shouldn’t be an issue. While Hell Mode might be challenging, once the team reached Level 45, even that shouldn’t pose as a problem for Zero Wing.

“No, they are not enough. I want to borrow at least 100 people,” Shi Feng said after considering the matter.

“One hundred!? Are you trying to raid…” Phoenix Rain suddenly recalled a specific Dungeon.

“That’s right! The Level 50, super-large-scale Team Dungeon, Flaming Ruins!” Shi Feng nodded.

In God’s Domain, the largest Team Dungeons before Level 50 were 100-man Team Dungeons. However, after Level 50, super-large-scale Team Dungeons would unlock. The minimum number of players required to enter these super-large-scale Dungeons was 200, while the maximum was 500. There was only one Level 50, super-large-scale Team Dungeon throughout Star-Moon Kingdom–the Flaming Ruins.

If he wanted to turn Stone Forest Town into a holy land for players, obtaining the First Clear of the Flaming Ruins was of the utmost importance.

The various large Guilds in God’s Domain were also preparing for such Dungeons.

If one could obtain the First Clear of a Level 50, 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon, they would obtain a 3-star Guild Residence Promotion Order. If one managed to obtain the First Clear of a Level 50, super-large-scale Hell Mode Team Dungeon, they could obtain a Town Relocation Order.

The Town Relocation Order was even more valuable than a Town Building Order. It allowed players to move a town they owned to any location they desired.