Chapter 1218 - Sea God'S Blessing

Chapter 1218 – Sea God’s Blessing

As soon as Shi Feng exited the Teleportation Hall, the sight of an azure sky greeted him. Beneath the hill that the Teleportation Hall sat on, he could see various ships docked around the island. There were also a large number of players at the port, shouting for parties.

“Team looking for Level 40-plus players to hunt Giant Armored Beasts for a quest! We already have four advanced speedboats prepared! Veterans only! Noobs, stand aside!”

“Forming a party to Red Reef Bay to farm Red Corals! Level 39 and below, do not disturb!”

“Level 41 Shield Warrior looking for a party for the Underwater Temple! I own an advanced speedboat!”

“Fleet heading to Black Mist Sea to grind for Magic Crystals! We have a Bronze Speedboat leading the fleet! We’re currently still missing two advanced speedboats! Those with advanced speedboats, come apply quickly!”

…

Over 4,000 players crowded the port, looking to form parties. The scene resembled a lively market. Moreover, unlike land-based players, the players here put more importance on levels and the quality of the speedboats they possessed rather than combat standards when forming parties.

As long as a player owned an advanced speedboat, they would be highly sought after by parties. Advanced-speedboat owners here were the equivalent of expert players on land. If one possessed a Bronze Speedboat, they would be the equivalent of a famous celebrity and become the center of attention.

There sure are a lot of players who own advanced speedboats here.

With a glance, Shi Feng discovered that roughly 10% of the ships docked at the port consisted of advanced speedboats. In contrast, one could rarely see even ordinary speedboats over at the Apocalypse Empire, much less advanced speedboats.

Moreover, aside from the much-higher standards of the ships here, the players were also considerably high-leveled. Shi Feng could spot plenty of Level 40-plus players roaming the streets. At such a level, players would already be considered an expert in Star-Moon Kingdom. Here, however, they were only average.

However, although the players here were very high-leveled, the local businesses were not very developed. As Shi Feng walked through the streets of the city, he did not spot many Shops operated by players. There were even fewer items produced by players. Instead, he sawd many players setting up stalls along the streets. The situation here was completely different from the NPC cities on the main continent, which barred players from randomly setting up stalls on the streets. On the main continent, if players wished to sell the items they had, they could only do so by shouting out the name of their products. Stalls, on the other hand, did not require players to do so, as they allowed customers to view the vendor’s products.

After taking a look at several dozen stalls, Shi Feng noticed that the merchandise were either items dropped by monsters or harvested materials. There was not a single item made by Lifestyle players at all.

Sure enough, the development of subclasses for maritime players is much slower.

Shi Feng smiled faintly.

In the past, he had practically spent his entire career in God’s Domain playing on land. Hence, he was not particularly familiar with the situation at the Sea’s End. His knowledge consisted of general information.

Moreover, in the past, by the time he arrived at the island cities of the Sea’s End, many of these island cities had already been developed. The island cities back then were completely different from the current impoverished state before him. After all, there were much more resources available out at sea than on land, as well as plenty of unique resources. Hence, the NPC island cities in the past had all flourished magnificently, and one could see all sorts of naval merchant fleets and luxurious Shops.

However, after giving the matter some thought, he found the situation reasonable. In reality, the development of subclasses of naval players was not slower than those on land. It was just that, due to the butterfly effect from his having developed the subclasses in his Guild early on, the players on the main continent started shifting their focus towards subclasses a lot sooner than the maritime players.

While Shi Feng was investigating the prices of products in Blue Jade City, a large crowd suddenly formed in the business district. Many players who saw this scene revealed excited expressions on their faces before promptly rushing into the crowd as well.

Shi Feng grew curious at this situation.

“Buying Runic Fragments in bulk today! Buying each stack for 6 Silver! First come, first served!”

In the next moment, a slightly chubby, middle-aged man with a small mustache on his face walked out of a three-story Shop, a smile on his face as he shouted a series of words.

Immediately, the surrounding players flooded into the Shop.

“Damn it! We’re too late again!”

“There are just too many competitors here. Can’t the House of Seas buy a little more Runic Fragments each day? I’ve already been waiting here for an entire day now, yet I still haven’t managed to sell my stockpile.”

“There’s no helping this. Only the House of Seas is willing to buy those fragments at a high price. If we sell the fragments to NPC merchants, we’ll only get 40 Copper per stack.”

“I already have 20 stacks collected. If I can sell them all, I can get 1 Gold, 20 Silver. With that money, I can buy myself a nice set of equipment.”

…

After a short moment passed, the crowd of players that flooded into the Shop called House of Seas came out, the majority of them with disappointed expressions on their faces, having apparently failed to sell their Runic Fragments.

Runic Fragments?

Shi Feng could not help but recall matters regarding the Runic Fragment.

I remember that it should be an item dropped by sea monsters. On its own, it isn’t of any particular value. The only use it has is the synthesis of Runic Crystals. However, the synthesis rate is considerably low. Even Master Alchemists would have a success rate of only 10%. Could the House of Seas be trying to synthesize Runic Crystals?

The Runic Crystal was an item unique to the sea. It was categorized as an energy crystal and was roughly similar to the Magic Crystal. Only, the amounts of Mana stored in the two types of crystal were different.

The amount of Mana contained within a Magic Crystal was a lot higher. A Runic Crystal contained roughly two-thirds the amount of Mana of a Magic Crystal. However, a Runic Crystal wasn’t even worth half of a Magic Crystal. Currently, Runic Crystals should sell for 10 Silver each.

The reason for this was the Runic Crystal’s much fewer uses. For example, Runic Crystals could not be used in the Divine Colosseum.

If one had to point out its utility, then it would have to be in exchanges and the production of items.

Out at sea, Runic Crystals could be used to exchange for many items at the Sea God’s Temple. However, as the Sea God’s Temple restocked only once a week, the number of items one could get using Runic Crystals was limited. Even so, what was available for exchange in the Sea God’s Temple was of high quality. Occasionally, there would even be Epic items up for exchange, although it was currently too early in the game for Epic items to appear in the temple.

Aside from Epic items, the next best thing up for exchange in the Sea God’s Temple was a potion named Sea God’s Blessing.

Five Runic Crystals were needed to exchange for one bottle, which put the potion’s price at 50 Silver.

In the past, not to mention naval players, even land-based players were very fond of the Sea God’s Blessing. The reason for this was because consumption of the potion increased not only all of a player’s Basic Attributes by 10% but also all resistances by 100 points for 12 hours. Moreover, the potion did not have a Cooldown, and its effects could be stacked once.

When a player consumed two Sea God’s Blessings, all their Basic Attributes would increase by 15% and resistances, by 150 points for 15 hours.

The further one progressed into the game, the more important environmental factors would become. Certain maps required players to possess a specific resistance for survival. The system would prevent players with insufficient resistances from visiting many special leveling maps. A potion that was capable of increasing all resistances by 100 points could allow players to visit the majority of the locations in God’s Domain freely without having to worry about environmental factors.

However, as only a limited amount of Sea God’s Blessing was put up for exchange each week, its actual value on the market was a lot higher. In the past, each bottle had sold for roughly two Gold. Moreover, this was only the price at sea. On land, each bottle had easily sold for three Gold.

That’s right! Why didn’t I think of this? I can use this opportunity to make a fortune!

Shi Feng suddenly thought of the Philosopher’s Stone.

Others might need to waste a lot of effort into synthesizing Runic Crystals, but he had the Philosopher’s Stone. His synthesis success rate was much higher than even that of Grandmaster Alchemists.