Chapter 1216 - Stone Forest Town'S Shocking Transformation

Chapter 1216 – Stone Forest Town’s Shocking Transformation

“The Flaming Ruins?” Phoenix Rain fell into deep thought as she looked at Shi Feng. A short moment later, she said, “Alright, I promise you. Notify me in advance when you’re going to raid the Flaming Ruins. When the time comes, I’ll ready the necessary manpower.

“However, I’ll say this first. You should know that the death penalty of a super-large-scale Team Dungeon is greater than that of a large-scale Team Dungeon. If we suffer three team-wipes, I’ll withdraw my men. I also won’t return the ten bottles of Soul Water.”

The difficulty of a super-large-scale Normal Mode Team Dungeon could rival that of a 100-man Hell Mode Team dungeon. While she wasn’t trying to belittle Zero Wing, she believed that even if Zero Wing sent a 100-man team consisting entirely of Level 50, Tier 2 players, it would be impossible for them to obtain the First Clear of a Level 50, 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon.

She also had no intention of sending her own experts to their deaths.

“That won’t be a problem,” Shi Feng replied without hesitation.

In the past, the various large Guilds had not placed much importance on super-large-scale Team Dungeons, because the items dropped in these Dungeons were basically the same as the ones obtained in 100-man large-scale Team Dungeons.

Rather than waste time raiding the more difficult super-large-scale Team Dungeons, raiding several large-scale Team Dungeons was much more efficient.

However, there were bound to be some players and teams that loved to challenge their limits.

Eventually, after continuous efforts, a team had managed to obtain the First Clear of a super-large-scale Team Dungeon.

Back then, many people had expressed their contempt for these people. After all, while these people were busy suppressing their levels and raiding a Level 50 super-large-scale Team Dungeon, mainstream players had long since exceeded them by over 20 levels. Even if they managed to obtain top-tier equipment from the Dungeon, such an enormous gap in levels would render the advantage of having such equipment meaningless. Only Epic items would be of any value, yet Epic items rarely dropped even in super-large-scale Team Dungeons. Hence, raiding such a Dungeon was simply not worth the effort.

However, nobody could’ve ever imagined that one could actually obtain a Town Relocation Order from these seemingly worthless super-large-scale Team Dungeons.

It was common knowledge that the NPC towns players captured had their locations fixed. Meanwhile, if one wished to upgrade a Basic Town into an actual city, they would have to invest an astronomical amount of resources as well as plenty of time and effort.

If developing even one town was already so tedious, one could just imagine how troublesome it would be to develop multiple towns.

Not to mention, the NPC towns captured would eventually become outdated. Take Stone Forest Town for example. Due to the town’s location next to a Regional Dungeon like the Stoneclaw Mountains, it became a travel destination for both players and Guilds.

However, once mainstream players went past Level 50, they would no longer be able to enter the Regional Dungeon. One could just imagine the outcome of such a situation. At that time, the town would definitely lose its popularity, and its development would stagnate.

Even with the support of the Battle Arena, it would be very difficult to keep the town alive. After all, the Magic Tower wasn’t something unique. As players reached higher levels, the various large Guilds would also be able to obtain its design. By then, Stone Forest Town’s high Mana density would no longer stand out.

Moreover, after their NPC towns became outdated, Guilds would also have to capture a new NPC town and start the development cycle all over again, investing another considerable chunk of manpower, resources, time, money, and so on.

Hence, the advantage of a Town Relocation Order immediately became apparent. With a Town Relocation Order, players could transfer a town to anywhere within the same country, allowing Guilds to retain their hard work and pool all their resources into developing a few select towns.

However, the Town Relocation Order was a unique reward for obtaining the First Clear of a super-large-scale Team Dungeon. Once a super-large-scale Team Dungeon was cleared, no matter how many times it got raided later on, it would no longer drop a Town Relocation Order.

Currently, mainstream players were approaching Level 50. Even if independent players of other kingdoms and empires found out about Stone Forest Town’s existence, they would take this aspect into account when considering whether they should migrate over or not.

This was also the reason why, despite the various superpowers being greatly envious of the profits Stone Forest Town was raking in, they did not make any actual moves to take it.

However, if Stone Forest Town could relocate to a map that was even more suitable for current independent players, its attraction would definitely increase exponentially. Moreover, once players found out that Stone Forest Town was capable of continuously relocating according to players’ level, this aspect would become a fatal attraction for many independent experts.

At that time, just the amount of Magic Crystals Stone Forest Town could rake in through the Battle Arena would be astronomical.

Hence, Shi Feng had to obtain the Town Relocation Order no matter the cost.

Following which, Shi Feng and Phoenix Rain signed a contract. He used a bottle of Soul Water as the deposit with the delivery of the remaining nine bottles pending the contract’s completion.

Phoenix Rain did not particularly mind this condition. After all, the Soul Water did not have a particular effectivity period; it could be used at any time. Moreover, the Spellcasting Secret Technique tablet had been used once already, so she would have to wait for a month before she could send anyone else in. By then, the ten bottles of Soul Water would’ve long since entered her hands.

…

Inside the dense forest a short distance away from Stone Forest Town…

Due to the opening of the traffic route to Stone Forest Town, as well as the hiring of the temporary carriages, the number of players and NPC merchants going to Stone Forest Town had increased significantly. Right now, the traffic route itself was already a part of the Stoneclaw Mountains’ scenery.

At this moment, over a hundred carriages were traveling through the dense forest. There were even advanced carriages among them, which were completely different from the temporary ones hired by Zero Wing. Meanwhile, their passengers were all very high-leveled, with even the lowest among them at Level 40. If placed in a large Guild, they all would be elites at the very least.

“Vice Commander, these people are too strong. We should wait for the next batch,” a Level 41 gray-clad Assassin hidden in the dense forest quietly suggested to the Level 42 Ranger carrying a Dark-Gold longbow, standing before him.

“Damn it! How many groups has it been already?!” the resolute man carrying the longbow exclaimed in frustration. “If I had known something like this would happen, I would’ve swapped hunting areas with the Demon Soul Guild! We’ll lose out on making a fortune at this rate!”

The various Dark Guilds mingling in Star-Moon City had already signed a contract with Heaven’s Burial, stating that they would dispatch their members to kill the players operating around Stone Forest Town, using this as an opportunity to strike down Stone Forest Town’s development.

Originally, this should have been a good deal for them. After all, plenty of independent players and teams were traveling to and from Stone Forest Town. They did not lack prey at all.

However, just an hour ago, Stone Forest Town had suddenly made an announcement that directly disrupted their Guild’s business.

Stone Forest Town had revealed that it was going to replace its carriages with better ones as well as increase the rewards for the tournament held at the Battle Arena.

For the mini tournaments held every day, anyone that managed to become the champion of the said tournament would obtain not only top-tier weapons and equipment as a reward but also Magic Crystals and Advanced Mana Armor Kits. The top three players would receive similar rewards except for the Advanced Mana Armor Kit. Most importantly, however, players that became champions of the mini tournament would get to live in a private suite on the Battle Arena’s seventh floor for ten days.

The Battle Arena would also hold a large tournament once every fifteen days, and the rewards for the champion were even more terrific. Aside from being able to obtain weapons, equipment, and Advanced Mana Armor Kits, the champion would have the opportunity to inherit a combat technique as well as live in a private suite on the eighth floor, which was also the top floor of the Battle Arena, for a month. Meanwhile, the top five players would also get to live on the eighth floor for a month; the quality of weapons and equipment awarded, as well as the quantity of Advanced Mana Armor Kits, would vary depending on their rank.

In addition, those that received a private suite would have complete management over their own suites. As long as they had the money, they could spend some Coins at the Adventurer’s Association and have the association construct a magic array in their suite to allow them to use Return Scrolls to teleport back to their room. This was an entirely new benefit. In the past, the rooms were only loaned to players temporarily. Now, however, players would become the contracted owners of the private suites for the entire duration of their stay.

Due to the introduction of these several factors, a large number of powerful independent experts who were initially only a little interested in moving to Stone Forest Town took action right away.

This development became the misfortune of Dark Players.

After all, among the several groups of players that had entered Stone Forest Town so far, not a single one of them should be provoked.