Chapter 1227 - Upgrading The Seven Luminaries Ring

Chapter 1227 – Upgrading the Seven Luminaries Ring

“It’s dead?!”

Silent Entropy, Identical Summer, and Hundred Leaves’s crews were dazed for a long time after watching Shi Feng and his team kill the Magic Whale.

Even now, they had only whittled down their respective Magic Whales to 30% HP, and both their Small Sailboats and their member count had suffered significant losses. Their healers, in particular, were nearly out of Mana. They were barely holding on by relying on Mana Recovery Potions and special tools.

Needless to say, the longer they continued this battle, the greater their losses would become.

“Damn it! Why are they the ones to kill the monsters first?!” Identical Summer’s eyes were bloodshot when he saw the golden orbs of light floating above the water’s surface. When he noticed that only a few members remained on Passing Monarch’s fleet, he smiled coldly as he said, “Change our course! As long as we get the item to dock, we can get to the island without killing the Magic Whale!”

At this moment, Passing Monarch’s fleet was a remnant of its past glory. On the other hand, his fleet was still in considerably good shape. With the numerical advantage, they should have no problems stealing the Magic Whale’s loot.

As Identical Summer’s fleet took action, Silent Entropy commanded his fleet to charge at Passing Monarch and the others as well.

The Freedom Alliance had not set any rules or signed any contracts forbidding them from attack each other in the secret land. After all, with so many Legacies, it wasn’t very likely that two fleets would find the same Legacy.

“Leaves, should we go as well?” the cloaked woman asked Hundred Leaves. “Not only can we steal the item to dock on the legacy island, but we can also kill that person and finish the quest.”

The fact that Passing Monarch’s fleet had managed to kill the Magic Whale first had given it an advantage over the other fleets. Unfortunately, the nail that stuck out was usually hammered down first.

None of these players were good people. Why would they let this opportunity escape?

Hundred Leaves did not reply immediately. Instead, she looked towards Shi Feng, who stood aboard the One-horned Sailboat, various emotions flashing in her eyes.

After giving the matter some thought, Hundred Leaves said, “Let’s wait.”

If it were only Passing Monarch, she would’ve joined in the fray without hesitation. Now, however, there was the unknown factor named Shi Feng.

Although Shi Feng was only one person, she felt that something was off.

Silent Entropy and Identical Summer did not know Shi Feng’s secret.

The Soul Orb was important enough to drive even the Demon God frantic, and Shi Feng currently carried this item. He had also revealed priceless treasures like the Swift Dragon Speedboat and One-horned Sailboat. Moreover, Shi Feng had displayed his skills in controlling a summoned creature, allowing the beast to exert extraordinary combat power. Most likely, not even the Sacred Temple’s old monsters could accomplish such a feat. No matter how she looked at it, Shi Feng wasn’t a simple character.

It was unwise to take action against him right now.

“But…” The cloaked woman grew anxious as she watched Identical Summer’s and Silent Entropy’s fleets sail closer to the Magic Whale’s loot.

“Enough. I’ve made my decision. Let’s concentrate on dealing with our own Magic Whale. If there is an opportunity, I won’t let it get away,” Hundred Leaves commanded indifferently.

…

Meanwhile, as soon as the Magic Whale had died, Shi Feng steered the One-horned Sailboat towards the dropped items’ location, completely ignoring the fact that the Magic Whale had provided enough EXP to net him one whole level. Currently, he was at 24% of Level 51. Meanwhile, Passing Monarch and the other members of the Third Fleet had leveled up twice, reaching Level 45.

Perhaps due to Divine Providence, the Magic Whale had dropped over 30 items. This was a considerable harvest for a monster in a secret land.

The monsters in secret lands were mainly there to test players’ worthiness of the final treasure. Hence, while they provided higher EXP than normal, their drop-rate was generally low. Take the two Razorsharks for example. Both had only dropped four items in total…

Although the Magic Whale’s 30-plus items were scattered, Identical Summer’s and Silent Entropy’s fleets were too far away. Even if they sailed at full speed, it would be quite some time before they arrived. Shi Feng had more than enough time to pick up all of the loot.

“Hand over the loot, and I’ll let you all off the hook!” Identical Summer, who arrived first, shouted at Shi Feng and Passing Monarch. “If you don’t hand it over, none of you will leave this place alive. I’ll have my men kill you until you drop all of the loot!”

“Summer, you’re too shameless! Didn’t we agree to rely on our own skills once we enter the secret land?! We killed this Magic Whale!” Passing Monarch surveyed his surroundings and noticed that Identical Summer’s fleet had already surrounded them. They would have to fight their way out now.

After entering the Sea Dragon Secret Land, players couldn’t leave the secret land during the first six hours. So far, only one hour or so had passed. With the number of players in Identical Summer’s fleet, he definitely had the power to kill them multiple times.

“Hahaha! Monarch, while we did agree to rely on our own capabilities, we never said that we aren’t allowed to plunder each other’s ships!” Identical Summer sneered. “I don’t have that much patience right now. I’ll count to three. If you don’t hand the loot over, don’t blame me for being ruthless!

“One!

“Two!”

Both he and Silent Entropy intended to plunder Passing Monarch’s loot. As his fleet was closer to the One-horned Sailboat, he got there first. However, if Silent Entropy joined the battle, the situation would become even more complicated. If there was going to be a battle, he needed to end it quickly.

Passing Monarch also understood that Identical Summer was fully capable of acting on his words. He had no way of buying more time. He turned to Shi Feng and said quietly, “Brother Ye Feng, rest assured; even if I have to put my life on the line, I won’t let Identical Summer get away with this. Later, I’ll distract Identical Summer while you get to the island. Once you’ve entered the island, he won’t be able to touch you.”

Hearing this, Shi Feng was moved. Even in such a dire situation, Passing Monarch placed friendship above all else. If it were anyone else, they would’ve long since advised him to hand over the loot. After all, according to their contract, the Magic Whale’s loot belonged entirely to him, not Passing Monarch.

“It’s fine. I’ll fight with you. Worst case scenario, it’ll just be one death,” Shi Feng said, laughing.

While Passing Monarch was also moved by Shi Feng’s response, he sternly insisted, “Don’t be stupid! The island houses the strongest Legacy in the Sea Dragon Secret Land! If you clash with Identical Summer, you might even lose your Small Sailboat!”

“Since you have no intentions of abandoning me and are treating me like a brother, I, Ye Feng, will treat you as a brother as well! I would never abandon a brother!” Shi Feng shook his head as he glanced at Passing Monarch. “Besides, if it really comes down to a fight, we don’t know who will win or lose.”

“Three!” Identical Summer’s expression twisted as Shi Feng and Passing Monarch showed no signs of giving up. “Annihilate them! Don’t let a single person get away!”

As Identical Summer issued his command, numerous cannons rang, all of them bombarding the One-horned Sailboat.

To Identical Summer’s fleet, speedboats were no threat. As long as the players on board the One-horned Sailboat were annihilated, the battle would be over.

“Since you want a fight, come!” Shi Feng simply smiled as he watched cannon balls fill the sky. He then rapidly leveled up the Seven Luminaries Ring.

The Seven Luminaries Ring was the best Epic ring Shi Feng had seen thus far.

It provided immense help to any player that wore it.

Shi Feng hadn’t leveled the ring for quite some time. Due to the Seven Luminaries Ring’ high demand for EXP, he hadn’t bothered doing so until now. Now that he was Level 51, he could start leveling the ring once again.

Immediately, Shi Feng upgraded the Aura of Fire, Aura of Wind, and Aura of Earth to Tier 1, which in turn upgraded Firestorm, Wind Rider, and Absolute Defense to Tier 1. In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng fell to 2% of Level 50.