Chapter 1223 - Who Says We Don'T Have A Sailboat?

Chapter 1223 – Who Says We Don’t Have a Sailboat?

“They made it through so easily?” Passing Monarch’s mouth gaped as he looked at Hundred Leaves’s fleet getting past the outer perimeter.

Although the outer perimeter was not large, there were still roughly 5,000 yards to cross to reach the inner perimeter. Crossing such a distance while weathering the attacks of over twenty Thunder Horn Beasts was easier said than done.

Even Silent Entropy’s fleet had yet to cross half the distance and had already lost four players. It was clear that Silent Entropy’s fleet would lose over twenty people by the time they reached the inner perimeter.

Of course, Silent Entropy’s fleet could use another method that would incur fewer losses, gradually killing off the Thunder Horn Beasts. However, killing the sea monsters would take a lot of time. Meanwhile, they only had ten hours inside the Sea Dragon Secret Land. If they wasted one or two hours in the outer perimeter, they would have to waste even more time in the inner perimeter. By the time they reached the legacy island, they would’ve already run out of time to search for the Legacy.

Seeing Hundred Leaves’s fleet enter the inner perimeter, Identical Summer grew anxious.

The Legacy on the island was on a first come, first served basis. The sooner one reached the island, the higher their chances were of obtaining the Legacy.

“All MTs, take turns activating your Lifesaving Skills! We’re forcing our way through!” Identical Summer commanded, gritting his teeth.

A group of six MTs stormed the Small Sailboat’s deck, receiving the Thunder Horn Beasts’ attacks. The ship blasted away any monsters in their way with cannon fire.

Silent Entropy’s side fared far better than the other fleet. Silent Entropy had used a Tier 3 Defensive Magic Scroll to receive the Level 51 Lords’ attacks.

By the time both fleets had reached the inner perimeter, the difference between Silent Entropy and Identical Summer’s fleets was obvious at a glance. Silent Entropy’s fleet hadn’t lost a single player. On the other hand, Identical Summer’s fleet had lost 17 players, with five of them being MTs. The players that died would automatically resurrect on the rest island. They would not be able to rejoin the main force and would have to wait for their companions to retrieve them or be sent out of the secret island once time was up.

Fortunately, the death penalty in the secret land was similar to that of Dungeons. Hence, players that died would only lose a small portion of their EXP.

“Commander, are we still waiting?” Blue Joy asked Passing Monarch, a hint of worry in her eyes. It was obvious that she was not optimistic about their chances of breaking past the outer perimeter.

“Forget it. It’s too difficult. There’s no need for us to waste our speedboats’ durability here,” Passing Monarch said, sighing deeply. In the end, he decided to give up on the greatest Legacy as this area was far more challenging than he had imagined. With their fleet’s strength, they had no hopes of reaching the legacy island.

“Hold up,” Shi Feng said suddenly. “If you really want to reach the island, we’re not entirely out of options.”

While the Thunder Horn Beasts were terrifying, after watching them for some time, Shi Feng could tell that the majority of the Lords’ attacks were magical. Others might find it difficult to defend against magical attacks, but to Shi Feng, it was a simple task.

“Brother Ye Feng, you have a plan?” Passing Monarch asked curiously.

These Thunder Horn Beasts was extremely fast. Even Bronze Speedboats could not outrun them. If they were surrounded, they would be utterly helpless. They would need a Small Sailboat to force open a path.

“I’ll attract these sea monsters’ attention while your speedboats use the opportunity to get past them,” Shi Feng explained.

Passing Monarch was surprised by Shi Feng’s words. He had never thought that Shi Feng would willingly sacrifice his speedboat as bait. However, since Shi Feng was willing to do so, he would not object.

Meanwhile, Hundred Leaves and the others, who were currently resting at the edge of the inner perimeter, noticed Passing Monarch’s fleet speeding towards the outer perimeter.

“They’re overestimating themselves,” Identical Summer sneered. “Do they really expect to get past those Thunder Horn Beasts without a Small Sailboat to open a path?”

“Do they really need to waste time here?” Hundred Leaves rolled her eyes as she watched Passing Monarch.

There was no way to repair one’s ship inside the Sea Dragon Secret Land. If the Thunder Horn Beasts bombarded Passing Monarch’s fleet, even with players splitting the damage, the speedboats’ durability would deplete rapidly. Once a ship’s durability reached zero, it would be useless. Even if Passing Monarch’s fleet escaped with their speedboats intact and proceeded to the other grottos, their chances of obtaining a Legacy would decrease due to the lost durability.

Though, looking at it from another perspective, the fact that Passing Monarch and the others were willing to attempt reaching this legacy island benefitted Hundred Leaves. This way, she would have an opportunity to kill Shi Feng and complete the Demon God’s quest.

At this time, Shi Feng steered the Swift Dragon Speedboat into the outer perimeter.

Thunder Horn Beasts immediately emerged from the water, one after another, rapidly encircling the Swift Dragon Speedboat. At the same time, electricity gathered at their horns as they prepared to attack.

However, Shi Feng paid no attention to these monsters as he continued towards the group of sea monsters before him.

Seeing the numerous arcs of lightning arcing towards him, Shi Feng activated Magic Barrier, making the Swift Dragon Speedboat immune to magic damage and reducing the physical damage it received by 60% for ten seconds.

After blocking the attacks, the Swift Dragon Speedboat arrived before the group of Thunder Horn Beasts, letting the sea monsters surround it.

“It’s over…” Passing Monarch could not help but sigh.

If the massive Thunder Horn Beasts surrounded a speedboat, there was no hope of escape.

“What a fool! He sacrificed a speedboat for nothing!” Identical Summer laughed.

In the past, he had always seen Passing Monarch as his rival. After all, the two had fought for a long time, and the man had caused him plenty of trouble. Now, however, Passing Monarch was no longer a threat. His only competition now was Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves.

As more Thunder Horn Beats gathered around the Swift Dragon Speedboat, the likelihood of Shi Feng breaking through the encirclement grew smaller and smaller.

Rather than worrying, however, a smile appeared on Shi Feng’s face.

It’s about time to make a move!

Shi Feng observed his surroundings and noticed that practically 80% of the Thunder Horn Beasts had gathered around him.

Energy Pulse!

Dragon Cannon!

Suddenly, a blue ripple spread out from the Swift Dragon Speedboat, paralyzing the surrounding Thunder Horn Beasts. At the same time, a black-white beam shot out from the Swift Dragon Speedboat’s bow.

In the next moment, three Thunder Horn Beasts that blocked the Secret-Silver Speedboat’s way had been blasted back. At the same time, the three Lords lost over 2,000,000 HP each. The surface of the water caved in at the might of the black beam. Suddenly, an empty path opened up before the Swift Dragon Speedboat.

Shi Feng activated Accelerate, increasing the Swift Dragon Speedboat’s Movement Speed by 100%. Before the Thunder Horn Beasts could react, the Swift Dragon Speedboat had already sped away from the encirclement and made its way to the inner perimeter.

Meanwhile, Passing Monarch and the others tore across the water to the inner perimeter from another direction.

As only five Thunder Horn Beasts chased after Passing Monarch’s group of four Bronze Speedboats, they were able to get away with minimal damage, their speedboats’ durability decreasing only slightly. As for the remaining sea monsters chasing the Swift Dragon Speedboat, due to the paralyzation, their Movement Speeds had reduced to less than half of their original. As a result, the distance between them and the Secret-Silver Speedboat rapidly increased. By the time the paralysis effect wore off, the Swift Dragon Speedboat was over 300 yards away. By then, all the Thunder Horn Beasts could do was watch as the Swift Dragon Speedboat entered the inner perimeter.

“What rank is that speedboat?” Hundred Leaves blinked in astonishment as her gaze followed the unharmed Swift Dragon Speedboat.

“So, this is the expert Passing Monarch recruited? Not bad.” The Swift Dragon Speedboat’s performance had also surprised Identical Summer. The speedboat’s main cannon was strong enough to throw three Thunder Horn Beasts. Even his Small Sailboat wasn’t capable of such a feat. “However, they won’t get much further. They’ll never reach the island.”

Identical Summer’s words earned the agreement of those around him.

The difference between the inner and outer perimeter’s difficulty was like the difference between heaven and earth. Although one had to face fewer sea monsters in the inner perimeter, these monsters were obviously stronger. Moreover, the condition to cross the inner perimeter was different.

After entering the inner perimeter, they noticed a magic barrier around the legacy island. It was obvious that they were required to kill the guardian sea monsters before they could dock. However, the sea monsters guarding the inner perimeter included one Level 55 King-class Sea Monster and two Great Lords. Without a Small Sailboat, it was simply impossible to defeat such a powerful force.

“What a pity, Brother Monarch. Even if you make it here, it’s all for nothing. Without a Small Sailboat, you are doomed to remain in the inner perimeter,” Identical Summer laughed. “However, rest assured; you’ll at least rank seventh. Only, you will no longer be able to use the Large Shipyard.”

When Passing Monarch noticed Silent Entropy’s fleets fighting a Level 55 King-class Sea Monster, his jaw dropped as he lost heart.

The King-class Sea Monster guarding the inner perimeter was far stronger than the one they had previously fought. That had only been a Great Lord, while the this was a Grand Lord. Moreover, the current one was an even higher level…

Shi Feng’s Secret-Silver ranked Swift Dragon Speedboat could never tank it. Furthermore, the King-class Sea Monster was accompanied by two Great Lord ranked sea monsters.

“Who says we don’t have a Small Sailboat?” Shi Feng suddenly asked.