Chapter 1228 - One Strike

Chapter 1228 – One Strike

Sure enough, the Skills have grown significantly stronger after reaching Tier 1. Shi Feng smiled faintly as he looked at the newly improved Seven Luminaries Ring.

The instant the three Skills reached Tier 1, they had undergone massive changes.

Originally, Absolute Defense only granted immunity to all damage for five seconds. After reaching Tier 1, it also gave immunity to all allies within 15 yards for three seconds. Meanwhile, the Skill now had a Cooldown of 1 minute 30 seconds.

As for Wind Rider, the Movement Speed increase it provided had risen from 220% to 300%. The Skill also increased the damage of his next attack by 500%. As for the duration, it increased from 24 seconds to 30 seconds. The Cooldown hadn’t changed, remaining at two minutes.

Lastly, Firestorm, which had dealt 1,200% damage to an area of 45*45 yards for six seconds, now dealt 1,500% damage to an area of 50*50 yards for six seconds. As for its Cooldown, it still lasted five minutes.

After Shi Feng finished upgrading the Seven Luminaries Ring, he steered the One-horned Sailboat towards the incoming cannon balls. At the same time, he activated Absolute Defense.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

Although the cannon balls were fast, the One-horned Sailboat had still dodged a portion of them, while Absolute Defense blocked the remaining attacks. The sailboat itself did not receive any damage whatsoever.

“They dare make their way over here. They must want to die.” Identical Summer sneered. “All speedboats, scatter and attack! Don’t let them get away!”

If Shi Feng and the others gave it their all to escape to the outer perimeter, they had some faint hope of getting away. Now, however, they charged straight for his Small Sailboat.

He had several times more players than Shi Feng. Moreover, every one of them was extraordinarily skilled.

The One-horned Sailboat took only three seconds to cross the distance of 150 yards. When it arrived before Identical Summer’s Small Sailboat, before it sailed past, Shi Feng jumped to the other ship’s deck.

“What is he trying to do?!” Passing Monarch, who watched from a distance, was stupefied. Shi Feng had safely arrived before Identical Summer’s Sailboat. As long as he continued forward, he could’ve shaken off the enemy sailboat and docked on legacy island, yet the Swordsman had boarded the enemy sailboat alone for a melee battle. This was insane!

Unlike the fight on Demon Island, they still bore the damage from the fighting the Magic Whale for so long. In fact, Shi Feng’s HP bar was not even half full right now. On the other hand, Identical Summer’s crew was only slightly battered.

“You’ve arrived just in time. In any case, I had thought of taking your sailboat for myself.” Seeing Shi Feng board his sailboat, Identical Summer looked to the fifteen cloaked players around him and said, “Get rid of him. Everyone else, collect the sailboat.”

Nodding, these fifteen cloaked players slowly approached Shi Feng.

Although these fifteen players’ footsteps were casual, their positioning was far from it as they had sealed off Shi Feng’s path of retreat.

“Brat, you really are unlucky to have crossed us. But don’t you worry. We won’t come at you together.” At this moment, a man that was as robust as an ox stepped away from the formation and said, “I’ll be your opponent now.”

As soon as this man said so, he threw off his Black Cloak and revealed his steel-like muscles and the two short swords hanging from his waist. Both swords bore a delicate flame engraving, the marks giving off a light blue flame. The weapons were clearly a pair.

Although the robust man’s figure was abnormal for his Assassin class, when everyone present saw this man’s face and game ID, they realized that it was only natural.

“Why is Mad Beast here?” Passing Monarch was surprised when he saw the robust Assassin.

The Assassin’s name was Residual Innocence. Although not many people were familiar with this name, the Assassin had another name that was famous throughout Sea’s End—Mad Beast.

Mad Beast was known as one of the top five Assassin experts in Sea’s End. Aside from his robust form, Residual Innocence had earned the title Mad Beast in Sea’s End due to a fight in which he had overwhelmed the seventh-rank Berserker with his Strength alone.

Mad Beast was not a Guild player, but an independent player. He was also a member of the House of Seas, the number one adventurer team in Sea’s End.

There were countless adventurer teams in Sea’s End, yet the House of Seas had been publicly acknowledged as the number one adventurer team in the area. Not only did the adventurer team possess many experts, but it also operated several popular Shops.

Passing Monarch and his fleet members weren’t the only ones surprised. Hundred Leaves and the others hadn’t expected to see Mad Beast, either.

They had never imagined that Identical Summer would join hands with the House of Seas.

“This makes things a bit tricky. If Identical Summer has joined hands with the House of Seas, it could cause some trouble for our plans to take over the Freedom Alliance,” the cloaked woman from the Sacred Temple said, frowning.

Although the House of Seas was merely an adventurer team, it was backed by an extraordinary power. During the Sacred Temple’s investigation, it discovered that the House of Seas had secured the support of a certain major corporation from overseas. If the Sacred Temple wanted a hand in the Freedom Alliance’s First Fleet, it would likely have to compete with that corporation in the future.

“The Freedom Alliance’s top-ranked fleet commanders cannot be underestimated. Let’s get ready. We cannot let Identical Summer monopolize the loot,” Hundred Leaves said, smiling.

Originally, she had worried that Identical Summer would not be a match for Shi Feng. However, it would seem that both sides were equally matched. It was likely that they would enter a stalemate. If that happened, she would have a golden opportunity to rake in a fortune.

However, as Hundred Leaves considered such thoughts, Shi Feng exploded into action.

Instant Strike!

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng appeared before Mad Beast and executed Sword’s Orbit.

Instant Strike increased his Attack Speed by 500% and damage by 400%. Even someone like Mad Beast was caught off guard. Before the Assassin could even activate Vanish, Shi Feng’s sword bit into him.

Only after Shi Feng’s second slash descended did he successfully activate Vanish. However, it was too late.

-39,486!

A terrifying damage devoured all of Mad Beast’s 30,000 HP.

Even after his death, Mad Beast could not figure out how a normal attack had taken his life.

“How is he so fast?!” Mad Beast’s companions suddenly wore serious expressions.

Mad Beast had literally died in the blink of an eye.

This had to be a joke.

Mad Beast could rank third among their group of fifteen. Although there were players who could defeat Mad Beast in Sea’s End, his survivability was incredible due to his Assassin class. If he focused on escape, very few could kill him. There wasn’t even one expert in Sea’s End who could kill him instantly.

Yet, now…

“Mad Beast lost?! This can’t be possible!”

Identical Summer’s eyes nearly fell from their sockets when he saw this. While he had considered the possibility of Shi Feng defeating Mad Beast, he had never expected Mad Beast to die instantly.

“Who is that man?” Hundred Leaves was stunned as she stared at Mad Beast’s lifeless body.

Based on her investigation, Mad Beast was a Flowing Water Realm expert. Although he was no match for her guard, Scorpion, he wasn’t an easy target.

“Who’s next?” Shi Feng licked his lips as he glanced at the remaining experts from the House of Seas.