Chapter 1225 - The Might Of A Bronze Small Sailboat

Chapter 1225 – The Might of a Bronze Small Sailboat

“Leaves, this Magic Whale’s attack range is too wide. We won’t hold at this rate. We need to use Magic Scrolls,” the cloaked woman from the Sacred Temple said, frowning at their sailboat’s remaining durability.

The Razorsharks were only Great Lords. Moreover, their Skills were monotonous, making their attacks easy to dodge. Bronze Speedboats were more than enough to cope with the Razorsharks. The problem was the Magic Whale. Although the Grand Lord was clumsy and slow, and its attack patterns were not particularly complex, it was still a powerful foe.

Aside from ruthless headbutts, the Magic Whale’s main attacks were Ice Meteor and Icicle Rain. When casting Ice Meteor, the Magic Whale would call down a massive globe of ice. Even with six MTs sharing the attack’s damage, all six would lose over two-thirds of their HPs. Furthermore, the Grand Lord used Ice Meteor frequently. Only when all eighteen MTs took turns blocking could they keep up with the attacks. The burden on the healers was also massive as one mistake could spell the end for a party of MTs.

However, this was not the team’s greatest challenge. The Magic Whale’s Icicle Rain was what left everyone speechless.

When the Magic Whale cast Icicle Rain, countless icicles would rain down from the sky. Although each icicle only dealt around -10,000 damage and could easily be blocked by any player, they could not keep up with how many icicles bombarded their ships. One could say that this Skill specifically targeted ships. By the time Icicle Rain’s duration ended, their Small Sailboat would’ve lost roughly three or four points of durability.

If they continued this battle of attrition, their Small Sailboat’s 700 durability would have long since bottomed out before they could shave away the Magic Whale’s 200,000,000 HP.

“Sure enough, a King-class Sea Monster is not an easy foe.” Hundred Leaves frowned as she watched another batch of icicles form in the sky. She then said to the cloaked woman, “Use the Tier 3 Summoning Scroll. Have the summoned creature share part of Icicle Rain’s damage.”

The cloaked woman nodded before retrieving a Tier 3 Summoning Scroll and chanting the incantation.

With a Tier 3 summoned creature sharing the damage, the Small Sailboat only lost one point of durability by the time the Skill ended.

At the same time, the cloaked woman redirected a portion of the sailboat’s cannon attacks towards one of the distant Razorsharks, assisting the Bronze Speedboats in whittling down the Great Lord’s HP.

As a result, the Razorshark’s 80,000,000 HP decreased at a visible rate.

95%… 94%… 93%…

“Leaves, Passing Monarch and the others seem to be taking action.” As the cloaked woman controlled the summoned creature, she noticed the One-horned Sailboat moving deeper into the inner perimeter, and an odd feeling rose in her chest.

Passing Monarch’s fleet only had 90 members. Even with a Small Sailboat, such a small team was not enough to defeat the Magic Whale. Any expert worth his salt should know this, much less a fleet commander like Passing Monarch.

“They’re actually pushing forward?” Hundred Leaves glanced at Shi Feng, who stood aboard the One-horned Sailboat. Smiling, she muttered, “What an interesting person.”

She was very familiar with Passing Monarch. While Passing Monarch’s individual combat standards were not particularly high, his leadership abilities and assessment for monsters’ strengths were first-class. He would never take such a risk. The only possibility was that Shi Feng had persuaded him to do so.

Silent Entropy and Identical Summer had also noticed the One-horned Sailboat’s approach.

“They’re not giving up?” Identical Summer asked contemptuously. “I want to see just how long they can last.”

Currently, his fleet barely held its ground against the three guardian monsters. He still didn’t know if his team could kill the Magic Whale. In the case of Passing Monarch’s fleet, however, just killing the two Razorsharks would be a huge challenge.

As such thoughts ran through the various commanders’ minds, a golden beam exploded from the One-horned Sailboat’s bow, slamming into the Magic Whale’s thick hide.

Boom!

As it struck, the golden beam carved out a small wound from the Magic Whale’s side, blue blood spilling into the water.

“How can it possess such power?!” Hundred Leaves was shocked.

No matter how many times her Small Sailboat attacked the Magic Whale, they had only taken a fraction of the Grand Lord’s HP. The sailboat’s attacks could not cause any substantial injuries to the Grand Lord.

“How can this sailboat possess such a high-rank cannon? Could it have been modified?” As Identical Summer stared at the wound on the Magic Whale’s body.

In God’s Domain, no ship was static. They could all be modified. Only, there was a limit to how much a ship could be modified and strengthened as the ship’s construction materials were a limiting factor.

Furthermore, it was very difficult to modify and strengthen a ship. The task required Lifestyle players of considerably high rank. To modify a ship, one also had to risk reducing the ship’s quality or destroying it altogether. Hence, even now, nobody actually dared to modify their precious ships.

“Aaarrooooooo!” Enraged, the Magic Whale beat its tail fin violently and propelled itself towards the One-horned Sailboat.

The two Razorsharks followed after the Magic Whale.

A Bronze Small Sailboat’s cannon fire is really quite impressive.

Shi Feng was very satisfied with this outcome. Seeing the Magic Whale and Razorsharks swimming closer, he activated Thunder Blast, the One-horned Sailboat’s strongest move. This attack was many times stronger than the Swift Dragon Speedboat’s Dragon Cannon.

Immediately, several snakes of golden lightning surged forward, dealing devastating damage to the area 500*30 yards ahead of the One-horned Sailboat.

As the golden lightning snakes slithered towards the Magic Whale and Razorsharks, the three sea monsters revealed a hint of fear, trying to avoid the incoming attack. Unfortunately, Thunder Blast was not cannon fire. Rather, it was a magical attack channeled from a magic array. It was many times faster than cannon fire. The arcs of golden lightning had crossed several hundred yards in the blink of an eye.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

When the golden lightning streaked past the Magic Whale and Razorsharks, all three sea monsters screamed in agonizing unity. The Magic Whale and Razorsharks were all in a miserable state. The Magic Whale was covered with wounds with fresh, blue blood coloring the water. A damage of over -900,000 had appeared above its head. As for the Razorsharks, many areas of their bodies had scorched black. The two Great Lords had clearly suffered serious injuries, significantly affecting their combat powers. Each had lost over 2,000,000 HP in the attack.

Thunder Blast’s might stupefied everyone present.

“This…is impossible!”

The watching players instinctively refused to accept this reality.

They had lived in Sea’s End throughout their career in God’s Domain. They had lost count of how many times they had fought sea monsters. Hence, their naval understanding ranked at the peak of God’s Domain. However, the One-horned Sailboat’s attacks were unbelievable.

“Brother Ye Feng, just…what rank is your sailboat?” Passing Monarch gulped audibly as he looked at the heavily injured Razorsharks.

Only now did he understand why Shi Feng was so confident. With such firepower, it was no wonder why Shi Feng wasn’t worried about killing the Magic Whale.

“What do you think?” Shi Feng smiled mysteriously, not offering a concrete answer.

Players still assumed that Small Sailboats were similar to speedboats, which had only a small gap in power between each rank. They had not yet realized how vast the divide was between a Common ranked Small Sailboat and a Bronze rank. In terms of firepower, a Bronze Small Sailboat could rival a Fine-Gold Speedboat.

This was the reason that Passing Monarch’s assessment of each side’s combat power was incorrect.

“Brother Monarch, you guys deal with the Razorsharks. Make sure you lure them away from each other. Leave the Magic Whale to me,” Shi Feng instructed after noticing the Magic Whale and Razorsharks approach.

“You’re going to deal with that thing with only one ship? This…. Won’t we be cutting it a little too close?”