Chapter 1222 - Sea God'S Legacy

Chapter 1222 – Sea God’s Legacy

“Leaves, what do we do now? Give chase?” the cloaked woman asked Hundred Leaves as she watched the speedboats sail away.

They had planned to set off after Scorpion’s party killed Shi Feng, but they hadn’t expected anything like this.

“Give chase! We cannot let them get ahead of us!”

Hundred Leaves frowned. Reluctantly, she withdrew a pitch-black crystal bottle from her bag.

Unlike the others who recited an incantation to release their ships, Hundred Leaves threw the black bottle into the water.

Plop!

When the crystal bottle sank into the water, a massive, black magic array appeared on the surface. A Small Sailboat, even larger than Silent Entropy and Identical Summer’s, emerged from the magic array, covered in magic patterns.

After the Eighth Fleet’s members boarded, the Tenth Fleet joined them on this Small Sailboat. It was clear that the Eighth Fleet and Tenth Fleet had agreed to cooperate.

The remaining fleet commanders revealed bitter smiles when they saw this.

“There’s no way we can compete with them. The gap is simply too vast.”

The various fleets had intended to compete for the third rank in the Freedom Alliance. However, after seeing one Small Sailboat after another, they had lost the heart to do so. Even obtaining the Legacy of the Sea from the other grottos wouldn’t change the outcome.

A Magic Bottle?

Shi Feng was somewhat surprised to see the Small Sailboat emerge from the massive magic array.

The Sacred Temple’s foundations are truly impressive.

A Magic Bottle could contain a myriad of items. The bottle’s value changed based on the items contained within. For example, if a Magic Bottle stored a Small Sailboat, it could easily be worth several thousand Gold. This was because Magic Bottles did not drop from monsters. Rather, they were treasures that could only be obtained by raiding ancient ruins.

However, Magic Bottles had one fatal flaw; they were one-time-use items.

“Hundred Leaves cannot be underestimated. She actually obtained a Small Sailboat without anyone knowing. Brother Ye Feng, let’s choose another grotto. We cannot compete with them.”

As Passing Monarch watched Hundred Leaves’s approaching fleet, he questioned the idea of competing for the greatest Legacy in the Sea Dragon Secret Land. Even if they had Shi Feng’s Secret-Silver Speedboat, it would be a waste of time.

Moreover, now that Hundred Leaves had also entered the largest grotto, their Third Fleet had no competition in the other grottos. They could obtain Legacies more easily.

Glancing at Silent Entropy and the others, who had already entered the largest grotto, Shi Feng nodded and said, “That’s fine. According to our previous agreement, the first Legacy we obtain belongs to you, while the second belongs to me. Which grotto should we choose?”

“This…” Passing Monarch hesitated.

If given the choice, he would never willingly forsake the greatest Legacy of the Sea Dragon Secret Land. However, with so much powerful competition in a single grotto, it was unknown whether or not he could even obtain the Legacy.

He was wrought with indecision.

“Why don’t we give it a try? If we think that it’s impossible, we can give up on the largest grotto,” Passing Monarch decided after considering the matter further.

“That won’t do. If you waste too much time before heading to another grotto, what will happen to my Legacy? Why don’t we do this? We’ll split the time in half. We’ll each take command of the fleet for five hours. We’ll keep the harvest we obtain during our command. If we do so, I don’t mind if you want to join the competition in the largest grotto,” Shi Feng said as he shook his head. He was not here as free labor.

After seeing the situation for himself, he was no longer interested in the Legacy of the Sea.

He had remembered something about the Freedom Alliance’s Legacy of the Sea.

In the past, one of the reasons that the Freedom Alliance had been able to move about God’s Domain’s seas uncontested was its large number of players who had obtained the Legacy of the Sea. Even the various Super Guilds had avoided provoking the Alliance for no good reason. Another reason was Silent Entropy’s Ancient Weather Book.

The player that wielded the Ancient Weather Book could manipulate the weather in an area. When used in naval combat, one could offer their side an absolute environmental advantage.

Rumors had it that Silent Entropy had obtained the Ancient Weather Book when he had obtained the Sea God’s Legacy.

The Freedom Alliance obtained their Legacies of the Sea from the Sea Dragon Secret Land. After taking into account the information Passing Monarch had given him about the secret land, it was not difficult to determine that Silent Entropy had obtained the Sea God’s Legacy here. In the past, the Sea God’s Legacy had been known as one of the Four Great Legacies at sea.

Now that the strongest Legacy in the secret land had appeared, the Ancient Weather Book would be available as well.

While he could ignore the Sea God’s Legacy, the Ancient Weather Book was an extremely important item. When used in naval combat, it was a strategic weapon.

“That’s fine. However, we’ll split our time four-to-six. I get six hours. Later, I’ll use one hour to test the waters. If it really isn’t possible, we’ll switch to other grottos. This will also give you the chance to learn the largest grotto’s difficulty,” Passing Monarch said.

“Alright, let’s do that, then,” Shi Feng smiled before taking out a contract.

Following which, the two renewed their contract. Passing Monarch released a sigh of relief as he quickly directed the fleet into the largest grotto.

In reality, the secret land’s grottos were portals that would transport players to another space.

As the Third Fleet’s ships entered the largest grotto, after a few minutes of drifting along a heavy current, the fleet left the grotto and appeared before a massive island. The island had a white, sandy beach and an azure blue sky above it. It looked like paradise.

This island was none other than their rest point.

Another island waited across from this paradise. Unlike the first island, dark, thundering clouds covered the sky above the second. One could also see plenty of massive sea monsters roaming the island. This was where the Legacies hid.

Silent Entropy and Identical Summer’s fleets had already engaged these sea monsters in battle.

“Why are there so many sea monsters?!” Passing Monarch was shocked when he saw the creatures.

Both Silent Entropy and Identical Summer’s fleets stood against more than twenty sea monsters. These sea monsters looked like sea turtles, but unlike normal sea turtles, a long horn grew from the heads of these monsters. Their bodies also emitted arcs of blue electricity, and all of their attacks used lightning. Not only were their attacks very fast, but they also contained massive destructive power.

–

[Thunder Horn Beast] (Sea Monster, Lord)

Level 51

HP 35,000,000/35,000,000

–

Although Silent Entropy and Identical Summer’s fleets each had a Small Sailboat, their ships suffered against so many Thunder Horn Beasts. If not for their Small Sailboats taking the brunt of the attacks, they would’ve already been annihilated.

Passing Monarch paled at this sight.

Speedboats stood no chance against those monsters. The Third Fleet couldn’t even reach the island. If they could not get on the island, how were they supposed to obtain the Legacy?

In the Sea Dragon Secret Land, all Legacies were in the center of the legacy island at the end of each grotto. The ships’ role was to transport the players through the obstacles on the way to the legacy island. However, with so many sea monsters in the outer perimeter, one could just imagine how many sea monsters waited for them around the legacy island…

“They sure move quickly.” At this moment, Hundred Leaves had also emerged from the grotto. When she saw the ongoing battle, she simply smiled and said, “It seems this Legacy is fated to be mine!”

In the next moment, the Small Sailboat and Bronze Speedboats in Hundred Leaves’s fleet sliced through the water towards the legacy island, bypassing the Thunder Horn Beasts.

“Roar!”

As Hundred Leaves’s fleet entered the outer perimeter, a large group of Thunder Horn Beasts broke through the water’s surface, attacking Hundred Leaves’s fleet.

Peng… Peng… Peng…

A series of lightning strikes bombarded the fleet. However, Hundred Leaves’s Small Sailboat showed no intentions of dodging the attacks. Instead, it forged ahead.

When the lightning strikes were 30 yards away from the Small Sailboat, they dissipated into nothing as if they had met an invisible barrier that nullified magical attacks.

In a short moment, Hundred Leaves’s fleet broke past the blockade and entered the inner perimeter…