Chapter 1235 - Is He Hacking?

Chapter 1235 – Is He Hacking?

“What’s going on?”

Hundred Leaves couldn’t believe her eyes as she looked at the progress list on the stone monument.

A Great Lord was the equivalent of a Team Dungeon’s Final Boss. Not only did they possess very high Defense, but they also possessed potent Skills.

Take the Blackstone Chieftain for example; Hundred Leaves had already seen it use three Skills.

The first was a Passive Skill called Stoneskin; the lower the Blackstone Chieftain’s HP fell, the higher its Defense and Magic Resistance would rise. The second was an Attack Skill called Flame Charge. When activated, the Boss would randomly attack one target on the battlefield. During this Skill’s duration, the Boss’s Movement Speed would increase. If not dealt with properly, it could easily kill players instantly. As for the third, it was an AOE Skill called Stone Shower. When this Skill was activated, players had to deal with falling stones from above. If struck, players would lose at least 10,000 HP. When alone, without the support of a healer, players would have an extremely difficult time fighting the Blackstone Chieftain.

Due to these three Skills, staying alive was a challenge. It was even more difficult to deplete the Boss’s HP quickly.

As such thoughts ran through Hundred Leaves’s mind, another change occurred to the progress list. This time, No. 141’s Great Lord dropped from 82% to 78% of its HP; Shi Feng had nearly caught up to Silent Entropy, who’s Great Lord was at 72% HP.

…

“Seeing the Boss’s HP fall so rapidly, he should’ve used a powerful Magic Scroll.” Silent Entropy had also noticed the change on the progress list. However, he wasn’t particularly worried. On the contrary, he smiled and said, “How unfortunate. Young people really are quite brash. The Blackstone Chieftain isn’t an easy Boss. Wasting your trump card so early in the fight will only make things difficult for you later.”

He had his own methods of dealing explosive amounts of damage as well. The same could be said for Hundred Leaves. Only, neither of them had chosen to use those methods yet.

The proper way of dealing with a Boss like the Blackstone Chieftain, which became harder to deal with as its HP dropped, was to wear it down slowly before finishing it off with a bang. The less time they had to spend fighting the Boss in its final phases, the easier clearing the second-floor trial would be.

However, to quickly catch up to them, Shi Feng had used plenty of precious tools. On the surface, it might seem as if he had made up for the lost time, but in reality, he was doing more harm than good, so much so that he might even fail to kill the Boss in the end. After all, practically every Boss entered a berserk state when its HP fell to a certain point. If one couldn’t cope with the Boss then, they would be annihilated.

Seconds, then minutes, flew by.

Although Shi Feng devoured the Blackstone Chieftain’s HP at a staggering rate, the longer the battle continued, the less HP the Boss lost. From the initial 4% to 5% decreases, it gradually slowed to 2% decreases before falling to 1% decreases.

By the time the Boss had 42% HP remaining, its HP no longer fell at a visible rate.

“Your drive to win has doomed you.” Hundred Leaves smiled as she glanced at the progress list. Although she was somewhat annoyed that Shi Feng had overtaken her progress, pushing her to second place, when she saw Shi Feng’s progress bar grow stagnant, she felt a little gleeful.

According to her plan, she would only go all-out when the Boss’s HP fell to 20%. The Level 44 Blackstone Chieftain had 36,000,000 HP. After taking into account its later Defense and Magic Resistance, it wasn’t time to make her move just yet.

Moreover, this was only the second floor. The Legacy was on the third floor. She needed to save enough trump cards. This way, she could secure the second floor’s reward and the third floor’s Legacy.

…

As expected of a Guardian Boss. It’s HP has fallen to 40%, yet its Defense has increased by 50% and

Magic Resistance by 70%.

Shi Feng analyzed the Blackstone Chieftain’s Defense and Magic Resistance growth while controlling the Battle Demon.

It’s time to make my move.

To catch up with Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves, he had used all of the Tier 2 and Tier 3 Attack-type Magic Scrolls he had brought with him.

He had used the Magic Scrolls to deal with the Boss to buy time while he waited for his Skills’ Cooldowns to finish.

Following which, Shi Feng activated Power of Darkness, increasing all of his Basic Attributes by 60%.

Nine Dragons Slash!

Abyssal Curse!

The Level 50 Blackstone Chieftain had a total of 44,000,000 HP. It was far more powerful than the Blackstone Chieftains Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves faced. However, after Shi Feng activated his Berserk Skill and taking into account Abyssal Curse, which decreased the Blackstone Chieftain’s Attributes by 10% for five minutes, his Strength was on par with the Great Lord’s.

“Die!” Shi Feng activated Firestorm.

A raging inferno rose from the ground. Immediately, the Blackstone Chieftain’s HP fell by 150,000 every second; 300,000 if it received a critical hit. The Battle Demon had also used its ultimate move, the Tier 2 Skill Purgatory Assault. The Demon launched six attacks in quick succession, each taking over 120,000 HP from the Great Lord. At the same time, Shi Feng controlled the twelve Abyssal Blade phantoms to attack the Blackstone Chieftain, each dealing over -5,000 damage. A wave of the phantoms’ attacks easily dealt over -60,000 damage.

In six short seconds, the Blackstone Chieftain’s HP fell by 8%.

After Firestorm ended, Shi Feng activated Phantom Kill, both he and his doppelganger striking the Great Lord.

Thundering Flash!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

With the Battle Demon as a shield, Shi Feng rapidly chipped away at the Blackstone Chieftain’s HP. Although his current damage output couldn’t compare to the Magic Scrolls’, the Great Lord’s HP still fell rapidly.

After a short moment, the Blackstone Chieftain’s HP dropped below 30%. On the other hand, Hundred Leaves, who was in second place, had just managed to reduce her Boss’s HP to 56%.

…

“How is he still so fast?” Hundred Leaves could not help her shock when she saw Shi Feng’s progress bar. “Does he plan to give up the third floor?”

…

“This little lunatic!” Silent Entropy’s anxiety grew when he saw Shi Feng’s progress bar.

He had to admit that Shi Feng had interrupted his plans.

As the Legacy’s location in the Sea Dragon Secret Land, the second-floor reward should be considerably valuable.

If Shi Feng was truly going all-out on the second floor, he might really obtain the floor’s reward. After all, there was a huge gap between them right now. If this gap continued to grow, Silent Entropy would lose the second-floor reward.

Silent Entropy hesitated on whether or not he should try to compete with Shi Feng.

“Damn it! To think you would dare to spoil my plans!” Since joining God’s Domain, this was the first time Silent Entropy had lost control of a situation. His expression turning frosty, he declared, “You’re ten years too early if you think you can compete with me!”

Saying so, Silent Entropy took out two Tier 3 Magic Scrolls. One was his prized Domain-type Magic Scroll, while the other was a Tier 3 Summoning Scroll.

With two Tier 3 summoned creatures and a Tier 3 Domain attacking the Blackstone Chieftain simultaneously, the Boss’s HP began to plummet.

Shortly, Silent Entropy overtook Hundred Leaves and dominated second place.

…

“This old bastard must’ve lost his mind! Since you want to fight, let’s see who has a sturdier foundation!” Hundred Leaves gnashed her teeth. She then retrieved an orange crystal ball and multiple Magic Scrolls.

As Hundred Leaves began to chant an incantation, the crystal ball shattered and disappeared. A magic array then formed around the Blackstone Chieftain, rapidly decreasing its Attributes. Very quickly, its Attributes fell to 70% of their original values. Moreover, its Defense and Magic Resistance had weakened significantly.

In the blink of an eye, ten Tier 2 summoned creatures appeared around Hundred Leaves, every one frantically assaulting the Level 44 Blackstone Chieftain.

Now that neither Silent Entropy nor Hundred Leaves were holding back, their progress bars swiftly increased.

When Shi Feng’s Boss had 15% HP remaining, Hundred Leaves and Silent Entropy’s Bosses had 25% and 26% HP remaining, respectively.

…

“How fast.” Shi Feng smiled at the two’s progress bars. He then took several Basic Mana Pulse Bombs from his bag and tossed them at the Blackstone Chieftain.

Every bomb contained the might of a Tier 3 large-scale destruction Spell. The bombs could even injure a Mythic monster. Against a Great Lord, one was enough to inflict heavy injuries.

Shi Feng threw six Basic Mana Pulse Bombs in a row.

Before the Blackstone Chieftain had the opportunity to use its ultimate move, its HP fell to 1%. Shi Feng then used Silent Steps to appear behind the Boss, both swords radiating a scorching heat.

Flame Burst!

Of the fifteen consecutive strikes, every strike devoured at least 60,000 HP from the Blackstone Chieftain. In the blink of an eye, the Blackstone Chieftain’s remaining HP vanished.

…

Meanwhile, Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves only saw Shi Feng’s progress bar jump, his Boss’s HP reaching 0% instantly…

“Impossible!”

“How is his Boss dead already?!”

“Did he hack the game?!”