Chapter 1237 - Challenging A Tier 4 Npc

Chapter 1237 – Challenging a Tier 4 NPC

The trial can’t be a duel against this NPC, right?

Shi Feng was at a loss for words as he looked at the silver-armored Dragon Knight.

As a peak class, the Dragon Knight’s Defense and Strength were superior to both the Guardian Knight and Berserker classes. Furthermore, the NPC before him was a Tier 4 class, on par with a Mythic monster.

Even if he had a bag full of powerful tools, he was no match for the NPC in a one-on-one fight.

Unlike monsters, NPCs possessed very high intellect. Their ability to deal with tools was beyond any monster.

A group of ordinary players using special tools might be able to challenge, and even defeat, a Mythic monster. If these players’ opponent were a Tier 4 NPC, however, they wouldn’t even have a shred of hope.

This was also why some players might be capable of defeating Mythic monsters in Dungeons, but were helpless if a Tier 4 NPC decided to rob them in broad daylight.

The Dragon Knight class was no ordinary class, either.

–

[Rhinebeck (Vice Knight Commander of the Sea God’s Temple)] (Human, Tier 4 Dragon Knight)

Level 50

HP 19,000,000/19,000,000

–

In God’s Domain, divine temples such as the War God’s Temple and Sea God’s Temple normally had their own knight divisions. Even these divisions’ normal members would be highly influential people in a kingdom, not to mention a vice commander; even the King had to show respect to these individuals.

Following which, Shi Feng began to search for clues relating to the third floor’s trial.

Yet, even after examining the room for a long time, he couldn’t find an introductory monument like the one on the second floor. There was no progress bar, either. There was only a massive magic array carved into the ground and Rhinebeck standing in the middle of it.

It seems that I’ll have to take this one step at a time.

Failing to find any hints, Shi Feng decided to face-off against Rhinebeck.

The instant Shi Feng stepped into the magic array, a powerful aura washed over him, making it difficult to take another step forward. He felt as if he had stepped into a muddy swamp, his advance slowing to a crawl.

When Shi Feng was within 20 yards of Rhinebeck, the NPC finally turned his gaze towards Shi Feng, a faint killing intent flashing in the man’s eyes. Suddenly, Shi Feng found it even more difficult to move.

“Adventurer, you should not have come to this place. If you do not wish to die, turn back,” Rhinebeck said sternly. “Not just anyone can obtain the Sea God’s Legacy.”

“Lord Dragon Knight, I wish to take the challenge even if I cannot succeed,” Shi Feng replied earnestly.

He had come so far. How could he leave after just a few words?

“Are you sure you wish to take the challenge?” Rhinebeck said, a hint of mockery in his tone. “Even if you are a heaven-blessed individual, you will have to pay the price in blood for failure. You won’t get away with a single death. Think this through carefully. This Legacy is extraordinary. Luck will not help you obtain it. You are not permitted to use any external factors to assist you, either. You must rely on your own strength. Are you sure you wish to take the challenge?”

There’s another price to pay for failure?

Shi Feng was slightly surprised. He hadn’t heard any of this in his past life.

According to Passing Monarch, players only had one chance to obtain the Legacies in the Sea Dragon Secret Land, and failure had only resulted in a single death. Moreover, as they were in a secret land, the death penalty was considerably light.

However, based on Rhinebeck’s warning, it would seem that he would have to pay a high price if he failed the challenge.

“Enough. Adventurer, turn back. Those who know not the truth cannot obtain the Legacy.”

As Rhinebeck waved his hand lightly, Shi Feng felt as if he had been hit by a truck. Before he could react, he had been sent flying out of the magic array.

What amazing control over his Domain.

Shi Feng was shocked as he stared at Rhinebeck, who returned to his motionless vigil.

It was common knowledge that Tier 4 was a colossal turning point in God’s Domain. The biggest difference that separated a Tier 4 and a Tier 3 class was their ability to control a Domain. However, Tier 4 NPCs could, at most, suppress their enemies with their Domains, making it difficult for their enemies to move, yet Rhinebeck had sent Shi Feng, a player who was very close to obtaining their Tier 2 class, flying with a wave of his hand.

Rhinebeck’s control over his Domain could already rival that of the ancient abyssal monsters in the Fallen Ark.

Even the weakest among those ancient abyssal monsters had reached Tier 5 during their prime. Their tiers had only fallen due to their severe injuries.

Determined, Shi Feng approached Rhinebeck once more.

The consequences for failure might be severe, but he needed to know the “truth” Rhinebeck had mentioned. What did the NPC mean by “those who know not the truth cannot obtain the Legacy”? No matter what, he had to try.

“Lord Dragon Knight, I wish to continue with the challenge!” Shi Feng declared.

“Young adventurer, since you are so determined, I will not stop you,” Rhinebeck said, smiling. “Don’t you wish to obtain the Legacy?”

Shi Feng nodded. Why was he here if not for the Legacy?

“I shall be your opponent. As long as you defeat me, you will obtain the Legacy tablet. If you lose, not only will you die, but you will also receive the Sea God’s curse.

“However, you should rejoice. As you are so weak, I will not use all of my strength against you. As long as you are able to walk up to me, you will be victorious.”

Once Rhinebeck finished explaining the rules of this challenge, the magic array’s atmosphere changed. It was as if space itself had frozen, and Shi Feng even struggled to breathe.

Suddenly, wind blades flew at Shi Feng, one after another, moving nearly too fast for Shi Feng to dodge.

Seeing this, Shi Feng had no choice but to unsheath his swords and defend himself.

Dang… Dang… Dang…

After a series of metal clangs, Shi Feng was forced to take five steps back. He had almost been forced to the edge of the magic array.

So, this is how it works.

Shi Feng suddenly understood how challenging the trial was after experiencing the wind blades.

The attacks inside a Domain were omnipresent. Moreover, Rhinebeck had proper control of his own strength. These wind blades were just slightly stronger than Shi Feng. Every time Shi Feng blocked a wind blade, he was forced to take a step back. Of course, if he were struck directly, the attack would throw him from the magic array.

Moreover, he couldn’t use any of his Skills or tools.

He couldn’t rely on any external factors. He had to use his own strength to approach Rhinebeck.

In the next moment, a new wave of wind blades bombarded him. This time, however, Shi Feng moved towards the wind blades.

Sword’s Orbit.

While his Skills and tools were unavailable, his combat techniques were not.

The wind blades vanished, one after another, as they collided with Sword’s Orbit. This time, Shi Feng didn’t retreat by a single step.

Following which, Shi Feng slowly advanced.

The closer Shi Feng got to Rhinebeck, the more pressure he felt. Similarly, more wind blades flew towards him. From the initial five, Shi Feng began to face six and seven with each wave. By the time Shi Feng was halfway there, he had to protect himself from ten wind blades at once. However, this still wasn’t anything he couldn’t handle.

“Hm, not bad. Unfortunately, your movements are too rigid and mechanical. You are still far from comprehending the truth. You should return and train more.”

Rhinebeck chuckled. With a light wave of his hand, the attacking wind blades increased from ten to fifteen. Moreover, these wind blades were much faster and more powerful than before.

The instant a wind blade encountered Sword’s Orbit, Shi Feng felt as if his hands had been struck by a steel hammer, the vibrations aching to the bone.

With each wind blade Shi Feng deflected, he moved ever closer to the edge of the magic array.