Chapter 1238 - Technique Evolves

Chapter 1238 – Technique Evolves

What precise control over his attacks!

The more wind blades Shi Feng blocked with Sword’s Orbit, the more he understood how amazing Rhinebeck was.

As soon as he had started executing Sword’s Orbit, he had become capable of executing more attacks containing more Strength, yet Rhinebeck had responded with more wind blades containing more of his own Strength. He attacked with just slightly more than Shi Feng could endure, forcing the Swordsman to retreat.

So, this is the third-floor trial. It really is a mystery how Silent Entropy had managed to walk away with the Legacy in the past.

Shi Feng glanced at the outer edge of the magic array. He would be forced out of the magic array in a dozen steps at most, yet the wind blades showed no signs of letting up…

When Silent Entropy had obtained the Sea God’s Legacy in the past, the man had only been at the Flowing Water Realm. In terms of combat techniques, Silent Entropy was far weaker the current Shi Feng, yet he had succeeded where Shi Feng was about to be blasted out of the magic array. Shi Feng simply could not wrap his mind around it.

Could the so-called truth be unrelated to a player’s combat standards?

Shi Feng guessed.

Just as Shi Feng was about to be blasted out of the magic array, he executed Void Steps and vanished from Rhinebeck’s sight.

“An interesting footwork technique.” A small smile graced Rhinebeck’s face. He then turned to look at Shi Feng, who had appeared elsewhere, and said, “How long can you keep that up?”

Saying so, Rhinebeck launched another fifteen wind blades, while Shi Feng executed Void Steps once more to avoid them.

A Domain is truly impressive. Void Steps’ effect is limited against him.

Although Shi Feng dodged the incoming wind blades, he couldn’t move beyond the array’s border and approach Rhinebeck. He could only move along the edge.

Void Steps was a special footwork technique that forced others to actively ignore the user’s presence. Although Void Steps was effective against Rhinebeck, the technique only distracted the NPC for a brief moment to determine Shi Feng’s exact location, preventing the NPC from sealing Shi Feng’s movements completely.

Suddenly, Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves ascended to the third floor as well.

“This…”

The moment the two players reached the third floor, they were stupefied by the scene before them.

Unlike the first and second floors of the Tower of Falling Stars, all challengers converged on the same location upon reaching the final floor.

Hence, they had been greeted by the sight of Shi Feng appearing and disappearing in the magic array, dodging countless wind blades. They then turned to Shi Feng’s opponent, but when they realized that his opponent was a Tier 4 NPC, their expressions soured.

“We’re required to fight that Tier 4 NPC for the third floor’s trial?” Seeing Rhinebeck standing proudly in the array’s center, Hundred Leaves demanded furiously, “How are we supposed to clear this?!”

“No. I don’t think we’re required to defeat the NPC. Otherwise, that brat would’ve died already,” Silent Entropy said as he shook his head. Fear filled his eyes as he stared at Rhinebeck.

Tier 4 NPCs were top-class existences even in Sea’s End’s twelve major cities. Rhinebeck was also the vice commander of the Sea God’s Temple’s knight division.

“I don’t think we’ll be passing the trial this time. It is impossible for magical class players like us to dodge so many wind blades at a time. Moreover, it seems that we can’t cast Spells or use tools here.” As Hundred Leaves watched Shi Feng struggle, she relaxed. “However, this is acceptable. Although we won’t get the Legacy, he won’t, either.”

However, as Hundred Leaves tried to reassure the other commander, Silent Entropy approached the magic array.

The instant Silent Entropy entered the magic array, Rhinebeck turned his gaze towards the man.

“Another one that doesn’t fear death?” Rhinebeck chuckled. “Are you sure you wish to face the challenge?”

Stealing another glance at Shi Feng, Silent Entropy turned towards Rhinebeck and nodded seriously.

“Very good. However, as you are so weak, I won’t go all-out against you. You’ll pass so long as you arrive before me,” Rhinebeck explained.

As soon as he finished his explanation, two wind blades shot towards Silent Entropy, giving the Elementalist no time to prepare. Unlike the wind blades Shi Feng faced, the two wind blades Silent Entropy faced were much slower. In response, Silent Entropy began to double cast, countering the wind blades with two Ice Arrows.

Boom!

After a brief pause, the wind blades shattered the Ice Arrows and continued towards Silent Entropy. Meanwhile, Silent Entropy took the opportunity to move out of the wind blades’ attack trajectory, taking two steps towards Rhinebeck.

“That old fox!” Realization immediately dawned on Hundred Leaves.

As the first person to obtain a Legacy from the Sea Dragon’s Secret Land, Silent Entropy knew far more secrets than she did.

Clearly, the trial before her didn’t treat all challengers equally. Rather, it varied depending on the player’s strength.

Magical classes had an advantage in this trial.

After all, a physical class like Shi Feng had to counter fifteen powerful wind blades at once, whereas magical classes only had to face two. Moreover, after Silent Entropy entered the magic array, he could still use Spells. If that were the case, it blocking two wind blades would be a piece of cake.

Sure enough, Silent Entropy approached Rhinebeck, step by step, by blocking the wind blades with his Spells. After realizing the nature of the trial, Hundred Leaves dashed into the magic array to challenge the trial.

However, despite Hundred Leaves also defending herself with Spells, she couldn’t proceed. She could only move left or right to dodge the incoming wind blades.

What’s going on?

Hundred Leaves was confused as she glanced at Silent Entropy, who had already taken over a dozen steps forward.

Are my wind blades stronger?

She had similarly grasped double casting and assaulted the wind blades with her Spells, yet she was forced to dodge left and right, not forward. If she advanced recklessly, both wind blades would strike her.

Seeing Shi Feng and Hundred Leaves, Silent Entropy smiled as he said, “You youngsters are impressive. It’s a pity that you’ve experienced too few hardships. I’ll accept the Legacy on your behalves.”

Silent Entropy took another step forward and finally reached the halfway point.

“Not bad. It seems you have an initial understanding of the truth, adventurer. What shall you do with this, then?”

Saying so, Rhinebeck smiled and waved his hand lightly. Suddenly, Silent Entropy had to face three wind blades rather than two. The wind blades had also grown slightly faster.

Damn it! They’ve gotten stronger!

Silent Entropy’s expression darkened. Hurriedly, he used two Ice Arrows to block two of the wind blades. Unfortunately, he had no choice but to dodge to the right to avoid the third; he was no longer able to advance.

Hundred Leaves could not hide her grin. She had worried that Silent Entropy would really snatch the Legacy.

“It seems that none of us will get the Legacy this time. Since that is the case, I won’t waste my time here.” After seeing this outcome, Hundred Leaves lost interest.

However, as Hundred Leaves was about to give up and leave, Shi Feng, who had quietly observed the other two from the side, made his move.

“I see. It’s no wonder why I couldn’t get through them before,” Shi Feng muttered in a self-mocking tone.

“Have you learned something?” Hundred Leaves asked when she noticed Shi Feng laugh for no obvious reason.

However, Shi Feng did not bother with answering her. Instead, he moved forward to welcome the oncoming wind blades before executing Sword’s Orbit.

Dang… Dang… Dang…

After a series of clangs, he leaped forward, rather than being knocked back.

“How is this possible?!” Hundred Leaves was astonished, unable to understand what had just happened.

“Impossible!” Silent Entropy was similarly shocked. “How could you have grasped it so quickly?!”

“I have you to thank for that. I wouldn’t have figured this out without you.” At this moment, Shi Feng felt exhilarated. He finally understood why Rhinebeck had said his movements were rigid and mechanical. He hadn’t been thinking outside the box. Both his combat style and his technique utilization had been stiff and clumsy. He only knew how to learn the techniques, not how to make the techniques his own.

Silent Entropy could both defend and advance because he hadn’t stopped moving while he had cast his Ice Arrows. On the other hand, Hundred Leaves had only moved after she finished casting her Spells. As she started moving later, it was only natural that she hadn’t had enough time to advance.

Now that Shi Feng understood this “truth,” he could block the wind blades far more easily.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng crossed the halfway point. At the same time, Rhinebeck increased the number of wind blades he sent at Shi Feng. However, the NPC had only added one wind blade this time.

To Shi Feng, who had already reached the Void Realm, this minor increase was no problem. By deflecting the attacks while moving, he had broken through the wind blades’ blockade.

Upon seeing Shi Feng cross the halfway mark, Silent Entropy muttered incredulously, “Is he a monster?”

After a short moment, Shi Feng stood before Rhinebeck.