Chapter 1239 - Strongest Legacy Obtained

Chapter 1239 – Strongest Legacy Obtained

“Good! Excellent!”

A hint of praise flashed in Rhinebeck’s eyes as he looked at Shi Feng, unlike the previous indifference. He looked down at Shi Feng as if he were an excellent junior.

“Who is he?” Silent Entropy wore an incredulous expression as he watched Shi Feng, unable to calm his pounding heart.

He had learned to make a combat technique his own after clearing a legacy trial the last time. However, achieving that was easier said than done. Many of the techniques in God’s Domain were extreme and contrary to humans’ natural movements. The brain programs fixed signals to manipulate the body’s muscles based on a person’s habits, which allows them to perform actions faster and more efficiently.

If one wished to execute God’s Domain’s extreme combat techniques swiftly, they needed to alter their brain’s signals.

Silent Entropy had spent an entire month reshaping his habits to get to where he was now.

Yet, after watching his performance for a few moments, Shi Feng had executed the same to a skillful degree.

“Since someone has passed the trial, the rest can leave!” Rhinebeck announced, waving his hand once more. Suddenly, both Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves were teleported out of the Tower of Falling Stars.

In the blink of an eye, both players appeared in the rest area.

“Commander, why are you out so earlier?” Scorpion, who had stood guard by the Resurrection Temple, asked in surprise when Hundred Leaves appeared.

Hundred Leaves had just completed the second-floor trial. With the third-floor trial’s difficulty, logically, it should take her even longer to clear, yet she had only reached the third floor a few minutes ago and was out already.

“That person has already obtained the Legacy,” Hundred Leaves said, frowning. When she thought about Shi Feng’s performance in the magic array, she warned her subordinate, “It won’t be long before he comes out. Keep a close eye on him once he does. He isn’t an ordinary player.”

“Commander, rest assured; I’ll use the Soul Lock Scroll on him the moment he appears. Even if he is more powerful, he won’t escape my tracking for five hours,” Scorpion said, laughing.

In God’s Domain, there were many methods of tracking a player. However, there were only a handful of expert trackers like himself.

Not only was his Tracker subclass at Master rank, but he had also obtained the design to produce the Soul Lock Scroll in an ancient ruin. The Soul Lock Scroll allowed the user to keep a lock on a player’s soul. No matter where the targeted player went, he could find them on the system map. Its only flaw was its low accuracy. The map would only tell him the target’s general location. However, he could easily deal with this flaw with his Master Tracker subclass.

“I’ll leave this to you. I have to head to the other locations and obtain the Legacies there as quickly as possible.” Hundred Leaves nodded, considering that she worried a little too much.

No matter what was said or done, Scorpion was one of the Sacred Temple’s peak Assassins. With his skills and the various tools, it was impossible for anyone to escape his pursuit. When Uncle Li and the others eventually arrived, it would be very difficult for Shi Feng to get away, even if he could grow wings and fly.

Following which, Hundred Leaves led her subordinates to another cavern. Silent Entropy’s fleet did the same. After all, the Sea Dragon Secret Land had more than one Legacy. As long as they still had time, they could obtain as many Legacies as they wanted.

…

Back on the Tower of Falling Stars’ third floor, after Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves teleported out of the tower, Rhinebeck led Shi Feng through the magic array to a dazzling, golden temple.

Numerous crystal pillars had been situated around the temple, and every pillar had an item on top of it. Every item, whether they be tools, weapons, or equipment, was top-tier in the current God’s Domain. Shi Feng even saw the Secret Body Technique, which he had not taken from the second floor.

As expected of the Freedom Alliance’s lifeline. The Sea Dragon Secret Land is really extraordinary.

Shi Feng’s eyes shone as he looked at the various items before him. If he could take everything here with him, Zero Wing’s strength would skyrocket.

Rhinebeck led Shi Feng to a stone monument inside the temple. All sorts of divine runes and images had been carved into the stone, depicting ancient history. The entire monument radiated Divine Might, so Shi Feng knew it was extraordinary with a single glance.

“You have passed the legacy trial, so you can now obtain the Sea God’s Legacy. However, whether or not you inherit the Legacy will depend on your own abilities,” Rhinebeck said. He then began to chant an incantation, which caused the massive stone monument to shrink. Eventually, it became a tablet that was only the size of a palm. “This is the Sea God’s Legacy item. How you use it depends on you. Aside from this legacy tablet, you will be awarded 10,000 Sea God’s Temple Points. You may use these points to trade for items in any Sea God’s Temple. Likewise, you can trade for items here. However, once you leave this temple, you will not have access to these items in the future. You can only use your points in the Sea God’s Temples elsewhere. You may now choose. If you wish to leave this place, step into the magic array.”

After saying so, Rhinebeck transformed into a streak of light and disappeared.

What a pity. If I knew something like this would happen, I would’ve earned some Sea God’s Temple Points before coming.

Like the War God’s Temple, the Sea God’s Temple had a point system that allowed players to earn points.

Take the Runic Crystal for example. Each crystal could be traded for 10 points. It was one of the fastest means of earning Sea God’s Temple Points. The only other method of earning points was to complete special quests from the Sea God’s Temple.

The reward of 10,000 points was a huge windfall. He would have to spend 1,000 Runic Crystals to obtain so many.

Forget it. Let’s see what items are available first.

Shi Feng walked up to each of the crystal pillars, one after another, investigating the items.

There were 88 crystal pillars in the temple. Unfortunately, some were empty. Currently, there were only 82 items available for trade. The cheapest item among them cost 5,000 points: a Mysterious-Iron pick that would make it easier to mine ores. The pick also increased the chances of obtaining high-ranking ores. If auctioned off, it could easily fetch over a hundred Gold.

The most expensive item cost 111,000 points.

Naturally, Shi Feng wanted this item more than any of the others as it was a Fragmented Legendary item. It was the sole Fragmented Legendary item in the temple. The item was called the Sea God’s Shield. It could also be restored to Legendary rank.

An excellent shield’s value to a team went without saying. Without a powerful MT, defeating a powerful Boss would be very challenging. If an MT used a Fragmented Legendary shield, killing powerful Bosses would become a lot easier.

However, Shi Feng could only drool over the shield; he didn’t have nearly enough points to obtain it.

Let’s go with the Secret Body Technique first.

Shi Feng immediately retrieved the Secret Body Technique, which he had failed to obtain before, from its pillar.

The Secret Body Technique cost 3,600 points. With how valuable the technique was, it was definitely worth the price. The Secret Spellcasting Technique had sold for several hundred thousand Magic Crystals, yet this technique, which was more valuable, only cost 360 Runic Crystals.

What should I pick with my remaining points?

After obtaining the Secret Body Technique, Shi Feng considered his options.

Every item here was powerful. There was no lack of Epic Weapons or Equipment. He could even trade for rare Intermediate Magic Array Designs. Unfortunately, with his remaining points, he could only choose three more items.