Chapter 1234 - Secret Footwork Technique

Chapter 1234 – Secret Footwork Technique

After Hundred Leaves watched the video of Shi Feng taking command, her expression grew grim.

The Six-star Crimson World was unique to the Sacred Temple as they had the only magic array design. Even now, they had never announced this to the public.

No matter how she looked at it, Shi Feng couldn’t have located the Six-star Crimson World’s weak points coincidentally.

“It seems I’ll have to report this to the Guild Leader.” Hundred Leaves’s gaze remained fixed on Shi Feng in the video.

Originally, the Guild had planned to make a fortune with the Six-star Crimson World. The fact that someone had discovered the array’s weak points was no trivial matter.

Hundred Leaves immediately contacted her superior.

“Interesting. There’s actually someone capable of locating the Six-star Crimson World’s weak points,” the handsome man wearing exquisite blue robes in the video replied, a faint smile appearing on his face. “This person is a problem. We need to teach him some humility. I’ll send Uncle Li and the others over. Keep an eye on that player.”

“You’re sending Uncle Li?” Hundred Leaves could not help her growing joy. “This is great! With Uncle Li’s help, this guy is doomed!”

The Sacred Temple was a Super Guild that recruited a large number of new talent every year. Various outstanding players rose within the Guild each year as well. However, those who truly withstood the test of time and became the Sacred Temple’s mainstays were the Guild Elders. Uncle Li was one of these Guild Elders. He was an old monster that had grasped a Domain many years ago.

Even if Shi Feng were a monster that had reached the Domain Realm, he was no match for Uncle Li.

Furthermore, Uncle Li wasn’t coming alone. His party members would be joining him.

Following which, Hundred Leaves notified her security party and had a few of them split up and head towards the rest area. As long as Shi Feng appeared, they would keep a close eye on him.

Inside the Sea Dragon Secret Land, whether one obtained a Legacy or not, they would be automatically transferred to a rest area once their time in the secret land was up. Players were then required to return to the starting point to leave the secret land. Otherwise, they’d be stuck here; not even Return Scrolls could be used to escape. At that time, even if Shi Feng wore a cloak, they could simply use a tracking tool to mark Shi Feng. For a certain amount of time, they’d be able to find him even if he ran to the ends of the world.

And here I thought I wouldn’t get the chance to kill you. If you have to blame someone, blame yourself for knowing too much.

Hundred Leaves smiled after disconnecting the call. She then took a Tier 3 Summoning Scroll from her bag as she shifted her gaze to the Great Lord that had appeared on the second floor.

Now, all I have to do is obtain the Legacy as quickly as possible.

There were only rewards awaiting players on the Tower of Falling Stars’ first floor. Only after reaching the second floor would the trial truly begin.

The second floor’s trial required players to defeat the monsters that appeared before them. They would have to face a total of three monsters. The first monster was a Chieftain, the second was a Lord, and the last was a Great Lord. All three were set at the same level as the challengers, and each one was stronger than the last. However, to experts of her standards, soloing these monsters wouldn’t be a problem if they had come prepared. The real problem was how quickly they could defeat these monsters.

Although the Six-star Crimson World had not trapped Shi Feng for very long, these several minutes had been long enough to remove him from the competition.

…

This is the space inside the Tower of Falling Stars?

Shi Feng quietly examined the tower’s interior.

Although the Tower of Falling Stars appeared massive on the outside, he found himself in an empty space no larger than a basketball court after he entered the building. Aside from the various carvings on the walls, the room only contained a lone staircase leading to the second floor.

So, this is the reward.

Shi Feng’s expression was serious as he investigated the carvings on the walls.

The owner of this tower is truly generous.

The carvings were none other than the Secret Technique that many expert players current sought.

Unfortunately, the Secret Technique was incomplete.

With Shi Feng’s standards, a single glance was all he needed to tell that this Secret Technique resembled Phantom Steps. However, compared to the Phantom Steps he had seen performed in the past, the version here was more simple and refined. If he could learn this footwork technique, it would definitely benefit him in PvP.

Following which, Shi Feng recorded a video of these carvings. This way, his Guild members could learn it as well.

Phantom Steps was not a particularly complex technique. It was simpler than Void Steps. With enough effort, one could easily grasp the technique to a certain degree.

“Hm?” When Shi Feng activated the video recording mode, he noticed that something was amiss. Smiling bitterly, he said, “Sure enough, the Main God System won’t let players obtain a Secret Technique so easily.”

When he tried to record the images on the walls, the video contained nothing but darkness. It was clear that the system did not allow players to record the technique.

“What a pity.” Shi Feng gave the carvings on the walls one last glance before heading reluctantly to the second floor.

If given enough time, he could get a general gist of the technique very quickly. However, he didn’t have that luxury right now. After all, he had other competitors ahead of him. If he spent several hours trying to learn Phantom Steps, he would be offering up the Legacy on a silver platter.

Upon reaching the second floor, Shi Feng noticed that the space here was roughly three times larger than the first floor. A three-meter-tall, muscular, black-skinned Orc stood inside the room, waiting for him. The Orc wielded a stone cleaver that was as tall as itself.

–

[Blackstone Orc] (Chieftain)

Level 50

HP 4,300,000/4,300,000

–

A magic barrier sealed off the staircase to the third floor. It was obvious that he had to defeat this Blackstone Orc before he could proceed.

Shi Feng glanced at the stone monument beside the staircase. The requirement to proceed to the next floor had been recorded on the stone, as well as a list.

Although the list didn’t name any players, it did display the progress of the top five players on the second floor.

Currently, the first ranking player was fighting against a Great Lord, which still had 96% of its HP remaining.

The second-ranked player was also facing a Great Lord, and the boss still had 97% HP remaining.

The third was going up against a Lord with 12% HP remaining.

…

So, this is the situation. It seems I’ll have to move a bit faster.

After reading the introductory text, Shi Feng took out the Bible of Darkness and summoned a Tier 2 Battle Demon.

Shi Feng had also activated the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, Phantom Kill, and Nine Dragons Slash.

To ordinary experts, fighting a Chieftain of the same level might be very difficult. However, neither he nor the others challenging the second-floor trial were ordinary experts. To put it simply, the second-floor trial was a contest of damage.

With the Battle Demon tanking, Shi Feng and his doppelganger focused on DPS.

In less than 40 seconds, the Blackstone Orc fell. Shi Feng’s damage was off the charts…

The Blackstone Orc’s death only provided a small amount of EXP. It didn’t take long before a Lord ranked Blackstone General appeared before Shi Feng.

…

Elsewhere, Hundred Leaves and Silent Entropy fought the Great Lord before them frantically.

Although neither possessed the Bible of Darkness, both had used Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls and relied on their summoned creatures to whittle down the enemy Great Lord’s HP.

“That old fox sure is quick.” Hundred Leaves smirked as she glanced at the monument beside the staircase leading to the third floor. Currently, she still ranked first in terms of progress, with 71% of her Blackstone Chieftain’s HP remaining. Silent Entropy’s had 72% HP remaining. There was only a difference of 1% between them. If this continued, she would be the first to clear the second floor.

As Hundred Leaves thought of a way to finish the Blackstone Chieftain off sooner, the fifth place on the progress list changed.

Previously, No. 72 of the Tower of Falling Stars had occupied fifth place, and that player’s Great Lord had 94% of its HP remaining. Now, the occupant of the fifth position was entrant No. 141, and their Great Lord had 93% HP remaining.

When Hundred Leaves saw the entry number, she knew it was Shi Feng. However, instead of panicking, she chuckled as she said, “How fast. Unfortunately, you are too late.”

Had they entered the tower at the same time, Shi Feng would’ve definitely posed a threat.

But before Hundred Leaves could use another Skill on the Blackstone Chieftain before her, the progress list changed once again.

This time, No. 141 had jumped to third place, with his Great Lord at 87% HP.

Immediately, the Great Lord’s HP fell from 87% to 82%, its HP decreasing at a frightening rate…