Chapter 1231 - Hidden Reward For The First Kill

Chapter 1231 – Hidden Reward for the First Kill

“It’s over?” Disappointment flashed in Hundred Leaves’s eyes when she saw Silent Entropy’s fleet turn back.

Originally, she had thought that she could get to understand Shi Feng more through Silent Entropy and the others.

In the end, however, the outcome wasn’t what she had hoped for. After watching Shi Feng’s battle with Identical Summer’s fleet, she ended up with even more questions than before.

“Leaves, your prediction was quite accurate. Fortunately, we didn’t intervene. Otherwise, we would’ve suffered severe losses as well,” the cloaked woman said as she watched Shi Feng’s departing figure in shock.

Not only had Shi Feng wiped out over half of Identical Summer’s fleet by himself, but he had also taken a Small Sailboat from his enemies.

Even in the Sacred Temple, there were only a few people capable of such a feat. When Shi Feng had dodged the crimson arrow, in particular, he had displayed perfect timing and Skill usage. Had his aim with the Skill been off, he would’ve lost his life then and there.

“Could he be…a Domain Realm expert?” The cloaked woman suddenly thought of this possibility and shuddered.

Domain Realm experts were peak existences even in the Sacred Temple. The Guild would host an all-day celebration if such an expert joined.

The cloaked woman also knew how fearsome a Domain Realm expert was as she had once fought one.

Despite both parties having the same level and Attributes, the battle had been completely one-sided. She had not even injured her opponent before her HP dropped to nothing.

The fact that Shi Feng had kept up with the crimson arrow was already impressive, not to mention counterattacking the arrow with a Skill of his own. Without sufficient understanding and perception of physics, the feat would have been impossible.

She was a Void Realm expert the Sacred Temple had nurtured. Although she had only recently reached the Void Realm, she knew that she was not capable of using a Skill to strike an incoming arrow.

“A Domain Realm expert?”

Hundred Leaves fell into deep thought. She felt both fortunate and frustrated.

If Shi Feng really was a Domain Realm expert, then it would be impossible to kill him with their forces. After all, the previous fight had shown her that Shi Feng was a true monster when it came to Basic Attributes. With both the advantage in Basic Attributes and combat standards, how were they supposed to defeat him?

Currently, there were only two known methods to deal with Domain Realm experts. The first method was to catch the Domain Realm expert in an ambush and supplement the lack of quality combat standards with quantity of experts. However, for this method to work, certain conditions—such as the expert being unable to escape—needed to be met.

The second method was to use a special tool to catch the other party off guard. Similarly, however, certain conditions needed to be met for this to work.

Dealing with Domain Realm experts gave the various superpowers headaches.

Not only were they extremely powerful, but they were also very hard to kill. Hence, the various superpowers normally avoided provoking Domain Realm experts, trying to recruit and befriend them as much as possible.

Understanding Hundred Leaves’s worries, the cloaked woman suggested, “Leaves, why don’t I use that?”

They had the full support of the Sacred Temple for their operation. Hence, the Sacred Temple had provided a considerable amount of assistance. Aside from experts, the Temple had supplied extremely powerful tools. This was also why they were so confident in obtaining the greatest Legacy of the Sea Dragon Secret Land.

“Forget it. Even if they dock, it won’t be that easy to obtain the Legacy.” Sighing, Hundred Leaves said, “Let’s get rid of the Magic Whale for now.”

…

Shi Feng and the others rested on legacy island’s shore.

After the battle with the Magic Whale and Identical Summer’s fleet, the team members were badly battered. Meanwhile, dangers plagued the island. They had to recuperate before searching for the Legacy.

What a huge harvest.

Shi Feng was ecstatic as he smiled at the crystal bottle in his bag.

This crystal bottle contained none other than Identical Summer’s Small Sailboat.

Although it was only a Common Small Sailboat, its value far outstripped that of Epic items.

With the addition of this Small Sailboat, Zero Wing’s naval power would increase significantly.

Moreover, the Magic Whale had dropped a plethora of relatively valuable items. Although its loot could not compare to that of King-class Sea Monsters in the outside world, every item among the 30-plus that had dropped was a treasure in its own right. The Magic Whale Skin, in particular, could strengthen ships.

Shi Feng even regretted not killing a few more Magic Whales.

–

[Magic Whale Skin] (Dark-Gold Rank Tool)

Improves a ship’s Defense by 10%, Movement Speed by 3%, and Durability by 10 points. (A maximum of three Magic Whale Skins can be used to strengthen a ship.)

–

While players could modify their ships in God’s Domain, the risk was quite high. A single mistake could ruin the ship entirely.

However, there was also a risk-free method to strengthen a ship by using certain precious tools.

In the past, the best ship-strengthening tool Shi Feng had seen was only Secret-Silver rank. Said tool was only capable of increasing a ship’s Defense by 5% and Durability by three points. Even then, it could have easily sold for 500 Gold on the market.

One might consider the price steep, but many had fought over the item like crazy.

If one used a ship-strengthening tool on an advanced speedboat, it wouldn’t be worth the 500 Gold. However, if used on a Bronze Speedboat or above, one could easily earn back their investment.

Now, a total of eight Magic Whale Skins had dropped. Just looking at them excited Shi Feng.

The Magic Whale had also dropped two items that Shi Feng valued above the rest. One of them was a Growth-type support tool called the Alchemy Pot. The Alchemy Pot could increase a player’s alchemy success rate. To alchemist players, this item was worth no less than an Epic item. As for the other, it was the map of Sea God’s Island, which was the name of the legacy island they rested on. The map recorded all of the island’s secrets, and it allowed players to reach the Legacy without wasting a lot of time with exploration.

Is this the benefit of getting the first kill of a Magic Whale?

Shi Feng smiled at the Sea God’s Island Map in his hands.

No one would have imagined that getting the first kill on the Magic Whale would offer such a benefit. Otherwise, Silent Entropy and the others would’ve used everything they had to kill their Magic Whales first.

“Brother Ye Feng, you are incredible! You wiped out so many experts all by yourself! You are the strongest player I’ve ever seen!” Reverence filled Blue Joy’s eyes as she praised Shi Feng.

The Third Fleet had clashed with Identical Summer’s second fleet in the outside world frequently. She knew full well how powerful Identical Summer and his subordinates were, yet Shi Feng had not only defeated them so easily, but he had also killed the House of Seas’ Mad Beast with a single hit.

Finally, Shi Feng had even stolen Identical Summer’s Small Sailboat. Identical Summer was most likely dying inside right now.

“Blue, don’t just praise Brother Ye Feng. Didn’t you see my heroic performance? I faced Heavenly Spider and three of his experts at the same time,” Passing Monarch boasted.

“Commander, Brother Ye Feng only used one move to annihilate over half of Identical Summer’s experts. When you can defeat dozens of experts of Identical Summer’s caliber by yourself, I’ll praise you as well,” Blue Joy retorted, giggling.

“This…” Passing Monarch fell silent. While he wished that he could accomplish such a feat, he was not a monster like Shi Feng.

“Now that we’ve rested, let’s set out.” Shi Feng simply smiled in response. In reality, his performance was average at best.

In the past, the experts that had become legends in God’s Domain were the truly amazing players.

One expert had defended an entire city by himself. Moreover, said expert’s opponent had not been an ordinary Guild, but a Super Guild. Watching the expert face off against hundreds of the Super Guild’s top forces had been spectacular.

There was also one instance where an expert had held their ground against three God-ranked players. That battle had been truly breathtaking.

Blue Joy and Passing Monarch had experienced too few battles in God’s Domain, particularly between famous experts.

…

While the legacy island seemed small from afar, in reality, it was massive. Its size could rival a regional map. The island was also home to many powerful monsters; the weakest of which were Chieftain rank, while the strongest were Grand Lords. Fortunately, the maximum level was Level 55.

However, the most troublesome part about getting through the island would be the many fatal traps that waited for them.

Fortunately, under Shi Feng’s lead, the group had managed to reach the heart of the island after only two hours.

The Tower of Falling Stars!