Chapter 1236 - Dragon Knight

Chapter 1236 – Dragon Knight

The Blackstone Chieftain’s sudden death had stunned Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves momentarily.

“How did he do it?”

While 15% HP was not much, it wasn’t a small amount, either. The Blackstone Chieftain’s special characteristics made it tougher as its HP decreased. However, Shi Feng had stolen the Great Lord’s remaining HP almost instantly.

“Did he use several Tier 3 Magic Scrolls at once?” Hundred Leaves suddenly thought of this possibility. There was no other explanation for how quickly Shi Feng had killed the Boss. “What a crazy bastard. Does he think the third floor’s trial will be easier than the second?

“Or does he know that he can’t get the Legacy on the third floor, so he decided to use all of his cards on the second floor?”

Hundred Leaves had only guesses at this point. After all, it was extravagant to use various tools to defeat a Great Lord of the same level. Such resources were generally difficult to obtain, only dropping after a large number of Bosses or several difficult quests. They were precious resources. If not for a particularly important goal or something incredibly profitable, one normally avoided using these tools.

However, if Shi Feng understood that he didn’t have sufficient foundations and that he could not compete for the Legacy on the third floor, he may simply aim for the second floor’s rewards.

Silent Entropy entertained similar thoughts.

Although he was frustrated, he continued to whittle away the Blackstone Chieftain’s HP, trying to get to the third floor as quickly as possible.

Meanwhile, due to soloing the Level 50 Blackstone Chieftain, Shi Feng’s EXP bar had risen significantly. However, the greater harvest was the three rewards that had appeared after he had defeated the Boss.

Three dazzling crystal balls rested in the center of the second-floor room, and each one of these crystals contained one item within.

–

System: Congratulations! You have cleared the Tower of Falling Stars’ second-floor trial. You may choose two of the three items as your reward.

–

Sure enough, the system wouldn’t be that generous.

Shi Feng quietly clicked his tongue.

To kill the Blackstone Chieftain as quickly as possible, he had invested a considerable amount of resources, yet he had only been awarded two items for his efforts.

Shi Feng approached and investigated the items.

“Amazing!”

After looking through the items carefully, Shi Feng’s eyes shone with excitement.

Every one of the three rewards was extraordinary. It was no wonder why the system only allowed him to choose two.

The items included the Ancient Weather Book, Time-space Herb Garden, and Secret Body Technique.

Any of the various large Guilds would covet each of these items. Even Shi Feng had a hard time choosing which to take and which to abandon.

–

[Ancient Weather Book] (Epic Rank Item)

The Ancient Weather Book allows its wielder to control the weather of an area. However, due to damage during the war between Gods, it can only exert a fraction of its original power.

Additional Active Skill 1-

Weather Control: Changes the weather in a 2,000-yard radius for two hours.

Cooldown: 10 hours

Additional Active Skill 2-

Reshape Nature: Concentrates the Mana within a 200-yard radius, increasing the Mana density within a 15-yard radius by 100%. Can be used even if the Ancient Weather Book is stored in a bag space. No Cooldown.

The Ancient Book has sustained significant damage. Initial restoration will require 100,000 Magic Crystals. (Current absorbed number: 0)

–

[Space-time Herb Garden] (Epic Rank Item)

There is an independent space inside the Space-time Herb Garden which can be used to cultivate herbs.

Current rank: Basic (Upgrading to Intermediate rank requires 70,000 Magic Crystals.)

Cultivation space: 500*500 yards

Flow of time: Twice of that of the outside world

Survival rate increased by 10%

–

[Secret Body Technique] (Bronze Rank Tablet)

–

The Ancient Weather Book’s importance went without saying. After all, the Ancient Weather Book was Shi Feng’s main goal. Aside from its Weather Control Skill, which could be a significant advantage in naval combat, the book could also be used to train and improve oneself. It was an excellent Epic tool.

Meanwhile, the Space-time Herb Garden could help trading firms massively.

In God’s Domain, while scavenging in the fields was most Guild’s main herb source, there were other methods players could use to obtain herbs; they could cultivate them themselves. However, having a town of one’s own was the prerequisite. It was practically impossible for independent players to cultivate their own herbs. Generally, only Guilds could accomplish such a thing. As town’s had a limited amount of space, Guilds rarely made this a priority.

Normally, Guilds that wanted to do so would only try it after occupying a considerable number of towns with plenty of space to spare. Moreover, cultivating herbs was not an easy task. Not only was it time-consuming, but it also required a lot of manpower to manage. Most importantly, herbs survival rate wasn’t high. More often than not, the cost of cultivating a herb was higher than its market value.

However, the Space-time Herb Garden was different. Although it didn’t offer a lot of space, it could increase the flow of time as well as survival rate. These effects put the Space-time Herb Garden’s value on par with the Ancient Weather Book. Moreover, the Herb Garden was only Basic rank right now. It could be improved. If managed properly, it could become a goldmine.

Lastly, the Secret Body Technique.

According to Shi Feng’s current understanding of Secret Technique tablets, the Secret Body Technique was considerably rare. It was useful to both magical and physical class players. Even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion did not possess a single tablet of this type. Despite this Secret Body Technique being only Bronze rank, it was no less valuable than a Secret-Silver rank tablet.

After considering all three items, Shi Feng realized they were equally valuable to a Guild. He wished he could walk away with all three. However, as the system had determined the regulation, he wouldn’t get that third item even if he offered to pay a greater price.

The Ancient Weather Book indispensable if I wish to develop a naval force. I have to choose that one no matter what. Then, there is the Space-time Herb Garden and Secret Body Technique.

Shi Feng’s gaze moved back and forth between the two items.

The Herb Garden can earn more money for the Guild, whereas the Secret Body Technique can increase the combat power of the Guild’s experts. Should I go for money, or combat power?

The seconds passed by as Shi Feng fell into deep thought.

“Forget it. I’ll choose this one.”

After much contemplation, Shi Feng eventually chose the Ancient Weather Book and Space-time Herb Garden.

While improving the combat power was important, developing the Guild’s financial strength was a priority right now. Zero Wing needed to invest funds in several aspects. Some of the Candlelight Trading Firm’s potions, in particular, required rare herbs. Purchasing these herbs in bulk was difficult as doing so would inflate their prices. Rather than give others the profits, it was more beneficial to cultivate the necessary herbs themselves.

Now that players were inched ever closer to Level 50, they would experience severe environments in future maps. Players would need more potions as they explored and leveled up. If he prepared for that eventuality properly, he could make a fortune.

Most importantly, Shi Feng recalled a certain matter.

In the past, the Freedom Alliance’s trading firm had risen to an impressive height. This was especially for its potions. Despite not having any outstanding Master Alchemists, the Freedom Alliance’s trading firm had contended with many powerful maritime trading firms. Now that Shi Feng looked at it, the Freedom Alliance’s success had resulted from Silent Entropy obtaining the Space-time Herb Garden.

Although many resources were available at sea, there was a severe shortage of herbs. With the Space-time Herb Garden, one could easily compensate for this.

Following which, the system placed both items into Shi Feng’s bag space. At the same time, the barrier surrounding the staircase to the third floor dissipated.

“This is the third floor?” After Shi Feng emerged from the staircase, he was stunned by what he saw.

He stood at the top of a large mountain, a sea of clouds drifting below.

A middle-aged man in silver armor stood in the center of this ‘room.’ After taking a close look, Shi Feng discovered that the middle-aged man was actually a Tier 4 NPC. Moreover, the man had the peak class, Dragon Knight.