Chapter 1246 - Miniature Holy Land

Chapter 1246 – Miniature Holy Land

“Why are so many people here?” Shi Feng could not help his surprise as he looked around. “They’re not thinking of taking action here, right?”

He was not surprised by the hostile gazes he received from the various fleets. What Shi Feng found odd was the fact that so many players had gathered in the hall.

At a glance, he could see at least 2,000 people, taking up nearly half of the entire hall.

They were currently in an NPC city. Attacking another player here would be detrimental unless these players were absolutely confident of escaping the NPC guards. The arrest of so many members would definitely wound the various fleets.

“That’s not it. They’re just following routine,” Passing Monarch said, shaking his head. He then explained, “Whenever we come out from the secret land, we reorganize the distribution of resources the Freedom Alliance controls based on our performance and gains in the secret land.

“Although, the redistribution of resources isn’t as drastic as when our rankings change. Based on our rank in the secret land, we are assigned different leveling resources. For example, previously, the Third Fleet was only able to grind in Locke’s Cemetery and Black Altar. Since the Third Fleet has come out on top this time, we might get assigned to the Silent Lumberyard and Stormwind Shelter to level up.

“You’re seeing so many members of the various fleets present right now simply because the party leaders of the various fleets are interested to know which leveling maps they’ll be assigned to this time.”

As Passing Monarch spoke, his eyes shone with excitement.

Obtaining a Legacy was only part of the reason that Passing Monarch had recruited Shi Feng’s help. The main motivation was to obtain better leveling resources for his fleet.

In God’s Domain, it was common knowledge that an area’s resources were limited.

This was the case in every virtual reality game. Whether it was Guilds or organizations such as the Freedom Alliance, due to such high member counts, they could not allow all their members level up in a single area. Otherwise, the amount of resources each member could obtain would be pitiful. Hence, it was necessary to assign the various fleets in the Freedom Alliance to different leveling areas.

In high-resource maps, not only were there plenty of Field Bosses, but there were also plenty of advanced and rare quests. The same was true for Treasure Chests. If the Third Fleet were assigned to one such high-resource map, it would ease in their struggle for the position of First Fleet.

Realization dawned on Shi Feng when he heard Passing Monarch’s reasoning. He finally understood why these people gave them hostile looks.

These players’ hostility was likely due to more than just the lost top-tier weapons and equipment. The significant effect on their leveling spots was the main reason for their anger.

“The Freedom Alliance controls Stormwind Shelter as well?” Shi Feng could not help but ask as he recalled a particular matter.

In the past, as the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild, his access to information even surpassed that of peak experts. Although his knowledge was mostly limited to Star-Moon Kingdom, he was familiar with plenty of famous locations and incidents relating to the various kingdoms and empires in the game.

On average, the Lifestyle players in Sea’s End were no match for those on land. However, they would catch up eventually. While they would do so due to the development of naval transportation, the dozen or so miniature holy lands in Sea’s End had a greater impact.

Stormwind Shelter was one of these holy lands.

Only, in the past, the Freedom Alliance hadn’t controlled Stormwind Shelter. Instead, it had been controlled by the House of Seas.

“Mhm. Stormwind Shelter is a new, high-resource map the Freedom Alliance recently occupied. Previously, only the First Fleet’s members got to level up there. I heard that there are plenty of rare quests in the area and that it is even possible to obtain Bronze Speedboats through those quests. Moreover, the map has roughly triple the Field Bosses of Locke’s Cemetery. It’s currently the best leveling map the Freedom Alliance has. It is also much easier to obtain top-tier weapons and equipment there.” Passing Monarch nodded in excitement.

“So, that’s the case,” Shi Feng could not help but chuckle. “If Brother Monarch’s fleet gets to grind there, I’d like to ask for a little help. I am willing to offer you 10,000 Gold as compensation.”

“Ten thousand Gold?!” Passing Monarch nearly jumped when he heard this. “Brother Ye Feng, you’re joking, right?!”

He was the Third Fleet’s commander; he had tens of thousands of subordinates. He received 20% of Blue Jade City’s profits, yet even he couldn’t collect 10,000 Gold with a moment’s notice. His fleet member’s repair fees alone cost tons. He also needed to compensate the members who suffered losses during their struggle with the other naval powers. At the same time, he needed to visit other kingdoms and empires to purchase rare tools for exploring the Sea Dragon’s Secret Land and raiding Bosses.

Currently, he had less than 10,000 Gold on hand. If Shi Feng truly gave him 10,000 Gold, he would have enough to purchase quite a few advanced speedboats, restoring the Third Fleet’s strength quickly.

“That’s right, 10,000 Gold. However, this matter must first be done the payment. I will only pay a deposit of 500 Gold,” Shi Feng said, nodding.

“That won’t be a problem. If it is possible to accomplish, I’ll give it my all.” Passing Monarch agreed without hesitation, deeply afraid that Shi Feng would change his mind. At this moment, his eyes glowed with excitement.

“My request is very simple. If Stormwind Shelter falls under your control, I want Stormwind Town’s Stormwind Emblem,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

The NPC towns within Sea’s End were different from those on land. Rather, they were somewhat similar to Thunder Island. The higher a player’s status was in a town, the more authority they would possess there. Only, unlike the Thunder Emblem, where only ten existed, there was no limit to the number of Stormwind Emblems one could obtain. The only real limit was its abysmally low drop-rate.

As long as a player obtained a Stormwind Emblem, they would be granted authority over Stormwind Town, capable of performing acts that normal players could not. There would be no need for players to accumulate Reputation Points gradually to increase their authority.

“The Stormwind Emblem?” Passing Monarch pondered. Although he had never leveled in Stormwind Shelter before, if he assumed control over the Stormwind Shelter, according to the Freedom Alliance’s rules, the First Fleet’s members would have to hand over the town emblems to him, allowing him to manage the area’s town. Giving away one of those emblems wouldn’t affect his operations in any way. At most, he simply needed to use the emblems he obtained to compensate for the missing one. “Alright, that won’t be a problem. I’ll get it done as soon as possible.”

Following which, Shi Feng signed a new contract with Passing Monarch and paid 500 Gold upfront.

Time passed quickly. While Shi Feng and Passing Monarch waited for the secret land expedition to end and the map redistribution to be announced, six cloaked players stared at Shi Feng from a corner.

“Scorpion, is he the one Leaves spoke about?” a middle-aged man sporting a gray beard and two snow-white daggers sheathed by his sides asked as he glanced at an empty corner.

“That’s right. He is the one the commander wants dead. Here is the latest information we have on him,” Scorpion, who was in Stealth, responded respectfully.

When one spoke about the strongest player in the Sacred Temple, they didn’t talk about Uncle Li. However, when it came to assassination, Uncle Li was the most powerful. Even the Sacred Temple’s Guild Leader had declared that there was a 50% chance of him losing his life if Uncle Li wanted to assassinate him.

While a 50% success rate might not seem very high, that was against the Sacred Temple’s Guild Leader. Throughout the virtual gaming world, very few could boast such a high success rate.

“What an interesting little fellow.” Uncle Li caressed his beard as he watched Shi Feng’s battle video. “It is too much of a waste to fight him right now. Forget it. Scorpion, go and get ready.”

“Understood!” Scorpion nodded hurriedly before departing.