Chapter 1242 - Strategic Skill

Chapter 1242 – Strategic Skill

“You…”

Identical Summer had an astonished look on his face as he stared at Shi Feng. He simply could not figure out what was going through Shi Feng’s mind. He had clearly placed Shi Feng at an absolute disadvantage. Normally, the Swordsman should’ve tried to delay for as much time as possible. Yet, before their side had even made a move, Shi Feng had already taken action.

“What an interesting person. He actually dares to take the initiative to attack even in such a situation.” Scorpion, who was watching from afar, was slightly surprised by this situation.

The people Identical Summer had on his side this time were completely different from before. Among the 400 or so players, over half were experts dispatched from the other fleets, and even the weakest among them could reach the fifth floor of the Trial Tower. Scorpion himself would have no choice but to flee if he faced so many experts.

Even if he really had to fight, he would’ve chosen to do so in favorable terrain and conduct a battle of attrition to whittle down his opponents one by one.

Despite that, Shi Feng had chosen to start a fight in a wide-open area.

If a battle occurred in such an open area, the side with numbers would naturally possess a greater advantage. After all, every player on the battlefield could launch an attack, allowing a team to exert its strength fully.

At this moment, Passing Monarch felt like weeping.

Now that Shi Feng had made a move, peace was off the table.

“Attack! Slaughter them!” Identical Summer shouted, pointing at Shi Feng.

Immediately, the team of nearly 400 players swarmed towards Shi Feng and Passing Monarch’s crew. Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors charged at the forefront, followed by the other melee and ranged classes.

The healers promptly cast Truth Shield or Protection on the Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors. With these buffs, coupled with the HP these MTs possessed, they could easily endure over -40,000 damage. Those, in combination with their innate damage reduction and the fact that they were experts, would guarantee that they would not be killed instantly, even under a bombardment of numerous Fireballs from powerful Elementalists.

What a powerful defense.

Passing Monarch felt his scalp tingle as he looked at the approaching MTs.

Ranged players would be helpless against such this iron wall-like defensive formation. Even when Blue Joy, one of the strongest ranged DPS in the Third Fleet, worked together with several other ranged players, she could not reduce the frontmost Guardian Knight’s HP below 50% before said Guardian Knight got healed back to full HP.

Right now, they could not even escape to the distant forest.

Just as Identical Summer’s group moved increasingly closer and the enemy ranged players were about to enter attacking range, Passing Monarch took out a Tier 2 Magic Scroll and began chanting.

Suddenly, golden spears shot at the enemy MTs.

“A useless struggle,” Identical Summer ridiculed.

The current battle was different from the one on his Small Sailboat. Every player here could fully exert their combat power instead of being hindered by a narrow battlefield.

In the next moment, the various MTs all activated their Lifesaving Skills one after another, halving the damage they received. Even when struck by the golden spears, they only lost around 10,000 HP. Moreover, these MTs had also managed to dodge the majority of these spear attacks. Each one of them received only two or three spears at most. The forty or so healers standing at the rear needed to cast only one or two heals to bring the MTs back to full HP. Passing Monarch’s Tier 2 Magic Scroll posed no threat whatsoever.

Following which, Identical Summer’s group continued to close in on Passing Monarch’s crew.

Meanwhile, elsewhere on the battlefield, the 30-plus experts from the House of Seas had immediately surrounded Shi Feng as soon as the fight began.

“You are very strong. This time, however, we will no longer be careless,” Mad Beast said, his gaze fixed on Shi Feng.

Previously, the House of Seas experts had fought Shi Feng without knowing his true strength. They also had no clue regarding his Skills. As a result, he caught them off guard and eventually annihilated them.

This time, however, they had come fully prepared.

In the next moment, three Level 43 Summoners each took out a Tier 2 Summoning Scroll and promptly activated the scrolls. Tier 2 summoned creatures were equivalent to Lord ranked monsters. Whether it was in terms of speed or Strength, these creatures were much stronger than the current Tier 1 Assassins and Berserkers. Moreover, the Tier 2 summoned creatures were all above Level 50, which made their Basic Attributes far superior to those of current players.

At the same time as the three Summoners were activating their Tier 2 Summoning Scrolls, five Elementalists standing at a distance each took out a Tier 2 Magic Scroll and activated an AOE Attack Spell that cast anywhere from one to two dozen attacks. These Elementalists then controlled the attacks to bombard Shi Feng simultaneously.

They acknowledged that they were no match against Shi Feng in a one-on-one fight. However, even if Shi Feng was more powerful, faced with numerous attacks coming from all sides, how many could he possibly dodge?

Even if the Swordsman were struck only once or twice in each attack wave, without the support of a healer, he would eventually succumb to death.

Meanwhile, Mad Beast and the other Assassin experts also entered Stealth and approached Shi Feng.

…

“Leaves, that person is dead for sure this time,” the cloaked woman said as she watched the livestream from Scorpion. “Even Scorpion and the others won’t be able to save him in time.”

Against Tier 2 Spells coming from all directions and three Lord ranked monsters, current players simply had no way to survive, unless they possessed invulnerability.

“Identical Summer really is ruthless.” Hundred Leaves also frowned at this situation. She never thought that Identical Summer and the others would be willing to waste so many Magic Scrolls to kill Shi Feng. “It seems we have no choice but to have Scorpion use a Tier 2 Defensive Magic Scroll.”

…

Just as Scorpion had received his orders and was about to take out a Tier 2 Defensive Magic Scroll from his bag, a silver magic array suddenly appeared in the sky, covering everyone present.

The Tier 1 Absolute Time sure is scary. Its effective range has actually increased by so much.

Shi Feng smiled as he looked at the silver magic array in the sky.

This magic array was the result of Shi Feng activating the Tier 1 Absolute Time, which he had just sacrificed a ton of EXP to level up.

Mad Beast and the others’ performance had exceeded his expectations. In such a flat and open terrain, even he would not be able to handle the attacks of so many Tier 2 Magic Scrolls and expert players. Hence, he had no choice but to use his strategic Skill, Absolute Time.

Previously, at Tier 0, Level 7, Absolute Time could only prevent enemies from using any Skills, Spells, and tools within an area of 100*100 yards for 24 seconds. After it reached Tier 1, Level 1, however, its effective area had expanded to 200*200 yards. Now, not only could the strategic Skill cover the entire battlefield, but its duration had also increased to 30 seconds. The only downside of the Skill’s level-up was that its Cooldown had increased from 2 minutes, 30 seconds to 3 minutes.

This situation had cost Shi Feng the EXP from killing the Blackstone Chieftain and completing the Legacy trial.

However, due to Absolute Time, the Tier 2 Spells flying towards Shi Feng simultaneously vanished into nothingness. It was as if the Spells had never been cast.

The magic arrays maintaining the Tier 2 summoned creatures had also been abruptly shattered.

Identical Summer and the others, who were currently fighting Passing Monarch’s crew a short distance away, found themselves unable to use any of their Skills, Spells, and tools.

“Not good! This is an AOE Silencing Skill! Everyone, quickly leave the Spell’s range!” Mad Beast, who was forced out of his Stealth state, shouted hurriedly.

In God’s Domain, both ordinary players and expert players were heavily reliant on Skills and Spells in combat. Suddenly preventing them from using Skills and Spells was akin to robbing a tiger of its fangs and claws; their combat power would fall by more than half.

However, even as Mad Beast’s words entered everyone’s ears, Shi Feng activated Silent Steps and appeared behind Identical Summer, using Chop to kill the latter instantly. At the same time, Shi Feng also switched the Aura of Time to the Aura of Fire and promptly cast Firestorm over Mad Beast.

Scorching flames rose from the ground, killing more than 30 experts on the spot. Only those with quick reactions had managed to avoid the raging inferno in time.

Following which, Shi Feng turned around and used Lighting Edge on the players assaulting Passing Monarch’s team.

Unable to use any of their Skills, the players targeting Passing Monarch and the others fell helplessly to the innumerable arcs of lightning. In the blink of an eye, over a hundred players collapsed, weapons and equipment scattered around their bodies.

Shi Feng turned the tables on Identical Summer’s group in an instant. Faced against expert players barred from using their Skills, Passing Monarch and the Third Fleet members possessed an overwhelming advantage.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng had an even easier time slaughtering players. He was practically killing one player with each attack. By the time Identical Summer’s group had escaped Absolute Time’s effective range, less than 30 members remained alive. In contrast, not a single one had died on Passing Monarch’s side.

…

“Is this his hidden trump card?” Hundred Leaves’s expression darkened considerably when she saw the livestream Scorpion sent her.