Chapter 1243 - Harvesting Equipment

Chapter 1243 – Harvesting Equipment

After escaping Absolute Time’s effective area, the other fleets had less than 30 members alive. If they continued fighting Passing Monarch’s team of 90 players, there was no doubt that they would be annihilated. Right now, their only option was to flee.

However, for Shi Feng, who greatly surpassed them in Basic Attributes, hunting them down was a piece of cake.

While the sturdy Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors could endure a few hits, the other classes couldn’t even last a moment against Shi Feng’s swords; almost every time Shi Feng swung his blades, a player died.

“What fast swordsmanship.” Scorpion unconsciously gulped as he observed the battle from his distant hiding spot.

Every one of Identical Summer’s survivors was incredibly powerful. They would definitely be considered top-class experts in any large Guild, yet not one of these experts had managed to block Shi Feng’s attacks. Watching from afar, it seemed as if these players’ reactions were slightly delayed, only lifting their weapons to block after Shi Feng’s swords had bit into them.

As a peak Assassin, Scorpion knew very well that this result wasn’t due to these players being slow. Rather, Shi Feng’s attacks were simply too fast. However, the speed Shi Feng displayed was different from his previous fight against Mad Beast on Identical Summer’s Small Sailboat. Back then, Shi Feng’s speed had been the result of his high Attack Speed. His current speed, however, was due to his amazing reaction speed.

It is fortunate that we didn’t try to ambush him before. The consequences would have been unimaginable.

Scorpion was relieved when he thought back to how his party had prepared to ambush Shi Feng.

Shi Feng’s extraordinary Basic Attributes made it impossible to fight him in a melee battle. One had to fight him from a distance.

Mad Beast and the others’ decision to use Tier 2 Summoning Scrolls and Tier 2 Magic Scrolls was wise.

Unfortunately, nobody could’ve expected that Shi Feng had saved an AOE Silencing Skill. This Skill instantly increased the difficulty of killing the Swordsman. Unless these players could surpass Shi Feng’s Basic Attributes and techniques, or surround him with a large group of peak experts with similar Basic Attributes, killing Shi Feng was practically impossible.

“Scorpion, did you get a lock on him?” Hundred Leaves asked.

“I’ve locked onto his soul. No matter where he goes, I’ll find him,” Scorpion reported confidently after checking the tracking system.

“Good. Continue keeping an eye on him and make sure you do not arouse any suspicion. Keep updating Uncle Li about his situation.” Hundred Leaves smiled in satisfaction.

Thanks to Identical Summer and the other fleets working together to deal with Shi Feng, Uncle Li and his team had a greater chance of killing him.

An AOE Silence was indeed a troublesome Skill. However, if one knew about it beforehand, they could find a way to cope.

“Commander, relax. He won’t discover me,” Scorpion said, grinning.

The Soul Lock Scroll kept a record of the aura released by the target’s soul, and it would not display any status effects on the targeted player. There was no way for the targeted player to find out that they were being tracked.

While Scorpion had given his report, Shi Feng had finished with the reaming fleet experts. Corpses and items littered the sandy beach.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, you are simply too amazing! Now that Identical Summer and the others have been annihilated, I want to see they try to stand in our way!” Reverence lit Blue Joy’s eyes as she looked at Shi Feng.

Whether it was the previous battle against Identical Summer’s fleet on the water or the current battle against the combined expert team the fleets had formed, Shi Feng had easily turned the tide of battle by himself. If this tale were retold, nobody would believe it.

Shi Feng was practically a living myth.

Although Identical Summer and the others would not lose an entire level from one or two deaths, players killed inside the secret land would drop a weapon or piece of equipment. The items Identical Summer and the others had donned the best items they had before the fight. It would be nearly impossible to find suitable replacements in a short time. They could only use their back-up items. This would significantly impact their combat powers.

Worse, if they had not prepared any back-up items, their combat powers would fall even further.

Identical Summer would have to think twice before picking a fight with them now.

“Brother Ye Feng, before Identical Summer and the others hurry back, let’s use this opportunity to get out of here,” Passing Monarch suggested.

Players that died inside the secret land would automatically resurrect in the nearest Resurrection Temple. It would be very easy for Identical Summer and the others to regroup. Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s AOE Silencing Skill was not without a Cooldown. If Identical Summer and the other surrounded them once again, their chances of victory would drop.

“No. Let’s ambush them at the Resurrection Temple,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head. “If we leave for another cavern, by the time we get out, they will be prepared to take us on again. We have to strike while the iron is hot. We’ll ambush them before they can prepare. Once we cripple them, they’ll be powerless against us even after we obtain other Legacies.”

“This…”

Although Passing Monarch had considered the same option, they had only defeated Identical Summer and the others so easily due to Shi Feng’s AOE Silencing Skill. Without it, what were they going to use to ambush Identical Summer?

“Relax. Take these. One for each person. When the time comes, throw them at my command.” Shi Feng understood Passing Monarch’s concerns. Immediately, he retrieved the last 22 Basic Mana Pulse Bombs he had from his bag and handed them to Passing Monarch and his team.

When Passing Monarch saw the Basic Mana Pulse Bomb, an excited expression appeared on his face.

With so many of these bombs, they could even annihilate a 1,000-man team, much less Identical Summer and the others.

…

Outside the Resurrection Temple, Identical Summer and the others have already begun to reorganize their team.

“Damn it! I lost a pair of top-tier bracers! Just you wait! I’ll make sure you lose every item you have!” Identical Summer burned with rage.

The first time Shi Feng had killed him, he had lost his top-tier pauldrons. Fortunately, he had a replacement in his bag. However, he did not have a back-up for his bracers.

While Identical Summer and the others rested, someone shouted in the team chat.

“Passing Monarch and the others are heading this way!”

Everyone immediately searched their surroundings and quickly spotted Shi Feng charging towards them with Passing Monarch’s group.

“Good! Good! Good! You dare to seek me out on your own!” Identical Summer’s blood rushed as he watched Shi Feng and his team run towards him. “Kill them all and take back our weapons and equipment!”

The other experts excitedly expressed their agreement. Compared to the previous battle, they had even more motivation to wipe out Shi Feng and the others.

Quickly, everyone too up their positions. The Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors moved forward, and the ranged players prepared for combat.

As soon as Shi Feng and the others were within range, the opposing experts bombarded them with attacks. Unsatisfied with the situation, Identical Summer even activated a Tier 2 large-scale destruction Magic Scroll.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

A series of explosions shook the grotto, throwing dirt and dust into the air.

“Identical Summer really is ruthless. He’s even used a large-scale destruction Magic Scroll. That should have mostly wiped out Passing Monarch and his men,” Scorpion, who observed the battle from a distance, muttered.

However, as soon as Scorpion had said so, a group of people burst forth from the dust clouds. These people were none other than Shi Feng and the Third Fleet. Every player was unharmed as Shi Feng’s Absolute Defense had absorbed all of the damage.

With sufficient distance between the combatants, Shi Feng shouted, “Kill them!”

Immediately, seven players tossed out the Basic Mana Pulse Bombs, the bombs’ radius enveloping Identical Summer’s joint team.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

After a series of explosions, only weapons and equipment remained.

“Second wave, get ready! Everyone else, deal with the survivors! Make sure you collect all of the dropped weapons and equipment!” Shi Feng commanded when he saw a few dozen people still alive.

With Shi Feng’s command, Passing Monarch’s people set out to hunt down the survivors. Four players carrying Basic Mana Pulse Bombs charged into the Resurrection Temple, executing another round against the recently resurrected…