Chapter 1240 - Three Items

Chapter 1240 – Three Items

Of the three items that caught Shi Feng’s eye, every one of them was worth as much as the Space-time Herb Garden he obtained.

The three items were the Mystic’s Necklace, the Basic Enchantment Design, and the Arcane Lightning Design.

Although he could also choose an Epic Weapon, at the end of the day, an Epic Weapon could help improve only one player’s strength. On the other hand, the three aforementioned items could increase the overall strength of an entire Guild.

The Mystic’s Necklace, which cost 6,150 points, was a Dark-Gold necklace. It did not possess any level restrictions and was not meant for combat. Instead, it was a necklace for Lifestyle players.

Upon equipping the Mystic’s Necklace, a Lifestyle player would receive a 5% increase to their production success rate as well as a 30% increase to production speed.

Setting aside the 5% higher success rate, the 30% increase to production speed could enable Burning Abyss to produce Advanced Transport Carriages at a much faster pace. In turn, this would allow Stone Forest Town to develop much more quickly. Moreover, the Mystic’s Necklace would come in handy when manufacturing advanced speedboats in the future.

Meanwhile, the Basic Enchantment Design, which cost 6,000 points, allowed Enchanters to learn how to produce Runestones. Similar to armor kits produced by forgers, Runestones strengthened weapons and equipment. However, unlike armor kits, they were consumable items. Like potions, they had effectivity periods. Moreover, players could only strengthen one item at a time with them.

Even so, Runestones were still highly sought-after items and had been one of the must-have items when raiding Dungeons in his past life.

Back then, a Basic Runestone sold for 20 Silver. Nevertheless, players had still fought to purchase them. After all, a Basic Runestone could strengthen an item by 10% for ten hours. If used on a player’s weapon or an MT’s shield, it would bring about considerable results.

As for the Arcane Lightning Design, it was similarly extraordinary. It cost 6,300 points and was an extremely rare item that required an Alchemist and an Engineer. Arcane Lightning possessed extreme destructive power that was superior to even ordinary Tier 2 Magic Scrolls and had an effective range of 15*15 yards.

In the past, wealthy players that entered God’s Domain after the game had been launched for quite some time would frequently use Arcane Lightning to grind for levels. However, while their levels indeed skyrocketed, the amount of money they spent was also ridiculous, as a single Arcane Lightning was even more expensive than an Advanced Frost Grenade; each one sold for roughly six Gold.

Moreover, even if one made the Arcane Lightning themselves, the expenditure remained considerably high. Just the materials needed to produce one cost one Gold. Depending on the people producing them, each Arcane Lightning could cost anywhere from two to four Gold.

All three items could make Guilds drool over them. Even Shi Feng found it difficult to choose between them.

If I have to pick one, it will have to be something that can help the Guild in the near future. While the Arcane Lightning is a nice item to grind monsters and do PvP with, it’s a pity that it takes too much time and money to make. Moreover, producing it would require a Master Engineer and a Master Alchemist for it to be cost-efficient.

Shi Feng shook his head as he looked at the Arcane Lightning Design. After deciding to give up on it, he shifted his gaze to the Mystic’s Necklace and Basic Enchantment Design.

The Mystic’s Necklace will be of great help to only one Lifestyle player, and within the short term, its usefulness would be limited to accelerating the production of the Advanced Transport Carriage. In the end, it seems the Basic Enchantment Design is the better choice.

The Basic Runestone would be a boon to both ordinary and elite players. It was a very beneficial item for large Guilds.

Currently, the various large Guilds in God’s Domain should not have obtained the Basic Enchantment Design yet. If he could mass-produce Basic Runestones, they would definitely sell like hotcakes. Moreover, the cost of making the Basic Runestone was not very high: only around seven Silver. Its production difficulty and production time were also relatively low; even Advanced Enchanters could produce them at a reliable rate. This was a good opportunity to extend the Candlelight Trading Firm’s fame further.

Moreover, the Basic Enchantment Design was different from regular production designs, where each design normally allowed only one player to learn it. Up to five Enchanters could learn the Basic Enchantment Design. Hence, there was no need to worry about the production volume being too low.

Following which, Shi Feng chose to exchange for the Basic Enchantment Design. His remaining points immediately fell to just 400.

Now that I’ve already obtained everything that I should get, it’s about time I leave this place.

Shi Feng stored the Basic Enchantment Design with satisfaction before turning around and walking to the teleportation magic array.

…

At the rest area of the Sea God’s Legacy, Passing Monarch and the other members of Third Fleet were currently lingering on the island.

Although they had not cleared the second-floor trial of the Tower of Falling Stars, they had gained a considerable harvest from the Secret Footwork Technique taught on the first floor. Even though they hadn’t managed to master the footwork, they could still use it for reference.

Unlike players on land, players at the Sea’s End focused mainly on naval battles. Players had never attempted to incorporate personal combat techniques into naval battles. However, after learning the Secret Footwork Technique, they realized that such a thing was possible.

“Commander, look at Identical Summer’s side. They don’t seem to be showing signs of leaving at all. Do you think they’re planning to steal the Legacy?” Blue Joy asked worriedly as she looked at Identical Summer’s group, who were currently resting at a distance.

In the previous naval battle, Identical Summer and Heavenly Spider had both suffered grievous losses. Particularly, Identical Summer had forfeited his Small Sailboat to Shi Feng. Only a gullible fool would believe that he did not have any ulterior motives right now.

“Ignore him. If they couldn’t take advantage of us before, it is even more impossible for them to do so now. Rather than camping here, it would be much better for them to simply search for Legacies in the other caverns,” Passing Monarch said, chuckling. He did not mind Identical Summer and Heavenly Spider’s actions at all. “Once Ye Feng returns, we’ll immediately head for another cavern.”

Previously, their battle against the Magic Whale had lost them over half their members. The survivors had also been in a battered state. Even then, they had still managed to win against Identical Summer’s and Heavenly Spider’s fleets. Now that everyone from Third Fleet had regrouped and recovered back to their peak state, with the inclusion of an expert like Shi Feng, what could Identical Summer and the others possibly hope to achieve?

On the other side, Identical Summer was currently glaring at Passing Monarch and his crew.

“Enjoy it while you can. You all will get to feel complacent for only a little bit longer,” Identical Summer sneered.

“Brother Summer, are you really going to sever all pretenses with Passing Monarch?” Heavenly Spider asked worriedly. “You’ve already seen that person’s strength for yourself. Even Mad Beast and the other House of Seas experts were no match for him. If we continue fighting against him, we might end up not getting a single Legacy at all this time.”

“What are you worried about? I have naturally taken this point into consideration. While Mad Beast and the others aren’t a match for them, even if Passing Monarch and the others are more powerful, do you think they can overpower every fleet in the Freedom Alliance?” Identical Summer asked, a crazed look in his eyes.

“You couldn’t have…” Heavenly Spider suddenly thought of a possibility, and he couldn’t help but shudder.

“That’s right. The nail that sticks out gets hammered down. I notified the other fleets regarding Passing Monarch obtaining the greatest Legacy as well as two Small Sailboats,” Identical Summer said, laughing. “The other fleet commanders have already agreed to cooperate with us for the sole purpose of preventing Passing Monarch from ruling over the Freedom Alliance with an iron fist in the future.

“Whether it is the two Small Sailboats or the strongest Legacy of the Sea Dragon Secret Land, Passing Monarch should not even think of keeping either one.

“Out at sea, we might not be able to do anything against Passing Monarch now that he has two Small Sailboats. However, on land, only death awaits them. The experts of the other fleets have long since hidden themselves on the island. Once that person comes out, it will be doomsday for Passing Monarch and his crew,” Identical Summer said, laughing maniacally.

The operation this time involved not only the Second and Fourth Fleets but also every other fleet aside from Third Fleet. Even Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves had dispatched some of their subordinates to help out. Even if Passing Monarch doubled his fleet’s member count, he would have no chance of victory at all.

At this moment, an Assassin, who was sneaking around the Resurrection Temple, suddenly reported, “Commander, that person just came out from the Resurrection Temple.”