Chapter 1241 - Taking Action Without Hesitation

Chapter 1241 – Taking Action without Hesitation

News of Shi Feng’s exit from the Resurrection Temple spread like wildfire. Practically every fleet commander of the Freedom Alliance received the word at the same time.

“He’s finally out?” Silent Entropy smiled as he read the message his subordinate had just sent him. “Although you’ve managed to obtain the Legacy, it won’t be that easy for you to take it away.”

Compared to the other fleets, he had a much greater understanding of the Sea Dragon Secret Land. After all, he had been the one to discover the secret land in the first place.

How could he possibly let someone else obtain the Sea God’s Legacy so easily?

…

“Leaves, are you really going to cooperate with them?” the cloaked woman asked as she looked at Hundred Leaves, who was currently commanding a battle.

The Secret Temple had long since made arrangements for such situations. They didn’t need to cooperate with the other fleets to deal with Shi Feng. As long as Shi Feng exited the secret land, whether it was obtaining the Sea God’s Legacy or completing the Demon God’s quest, they could easily achieve both by themselves.

“Cooperate?” Hundred Leaves could not help but giggle. “How could I possibly cooperate with them? I simply wish to see what kind of trump cards that person still has. Previously, whether it was his fight against Identical Summer or his performance inside the Legacy land, I kept feeling that he was still holding back a lot of his strength. Now that Identical Summer has banded together with the experts of the other fleets, I believe that even that man won’t be able to continue holding back. If Identical Summer and the others do have some way to kill that man, I’ll have Scorpion hinder them when the time comes. After all, that is the Sea God’s Legacy we’re talking about. We absolutely cannot afford to let the other fleets have it.”

When the cloaked woman heard this, she immediately came to a realization. She had never thought that Hundred Leaves had actually taken such factors into consideration.

This way, Shi Feng really was doomed. As long as he left the secret land, there would be no escape for him.

…

Outside the Resurrection Temple, as soon as Shi Feng came out, Passing Monarch walked up to him excitedly. “Brother Ye Feng, you truly are amazing! Despite all the efforts Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves have put in, you still managed to snatch the Legacy from them. I’m guessing that they’re bursting with rage right about now,” Passing Monarch said, his gaze filled with admiration as he looked at the Swordsman.

After all was said and done, the Freedom Alliance was an overlord at the Sea’s End. Meanwhile, the foundations of both Silent Entropy and Hundred Leaves were among the best in the Freedom Alliance. Nonetheless, Shi Feng had actually managed to steal the Legacy from those two by relying on his own strength.

“Sorry for the wait. Let’s set out for the other caverns now.” Shi Feng simply smiled in response to Passing Monarch’s words, not commenting on the Legacy he obtained.

He had already seen the Sea God’s Legacy for himself, and it was definitely one of the most incredible Legacies he had seen.

The reason for this was the Legacy tablet allowing not only one player to obtain a Legacy but ten. This was an incredible matter. After all, even obtaining one Legacy in God’s Domain was already quite a challenge, not to mention ten in one go.

Meanwhile, among these ten players, one could obtain the Sea God’s Legacy, while the remaining nine could obtain the Sea God’s Protector’s Legacy. Players who inherited these Legacies would receive a portion of the Sea God’s strength. Moreover, the player who inherited the Sea God’s Legacy would receive greater power from the Legacy the more Sea God’s Protectors they had.

“Alright. Let’s move out right away.” Passing Monarch nodded.

However, as soon as Passing Monarch said so, Identical Summer suddenly appeared—wearing a smile on his face as he looked at Passing Monarch and Shi Feng. At the same time, a large group of players came out from the forest one after another, their numbers reaching close to 400. These players surrounded Shi Feng’s group completely.

“Brother Monarch, why are you in such a hurry to leave?” Identical Summer said, laughing. “Look at how pitiful we are. Even after we entered the secret land, we still ended up obtaining nothing at all. You, on the other hand, have made a fortune. Shouldn’t you make a gesture of goodwill?”

Passing Monarch’s complexion turned incredibly grim as he observed his surroundings.

Currently, it wasn’t just Identical Summer’s men that were present. He could also see well-known experts of First Fleet to Eleventh Fleet here.

“Our Third Fleet has already obtained the Legacy. Are you still thinking of stealing it from us?” In a deep tone, Passing Monarch said, “Could you have forgotten about the contract we signed before we entered this place?”

“What you say is indeed true. Our various fleets did sign a contract barring us from stealing the Legacies others have obtained. However, we have no plans on stealing your Legacy right now. We only want those two Small Sailboats of yours. Of course, you can also choose not to give them. However, you’ll have to die several times until you are forcefully teleported out of the secret land,” Identical Summer sneered.

They dared not violate the conditions of the contract. Otherwise, they would receive a severe penalty from the system. However, the contract they signed back then was not perfect, including many exploitable loopholes. Everyone had deliberately ignored these loopholes in order to prevent one fleet from gaining too large of a monopoly. Otherwise, they would’ve long since signed a contract that barred all aggression against each other while inside the secret land.

“Despicable.” Passing Monarch’s complexion paled in anger. However, he was also helpless about this situation.

Although he, too, had known about the loopholes in the contract, he never thought that a day would come when every other fleet would join hands to target him.

“Well? What’s your decision? Are you going to hand over the Small Sailboats, or do you wish to die in here time and again?” Identical Summer laughed in ridicule. “How about we give it a test? In any case, we have plenty of time right now. Although we won’t be able to have every one of you sent back to Level 0, we should have no problems getting a few of you there.”

Players couldn’t leave the Sea Dragon Secret Land within six hours of entry. Only after six hours had passed could players teleport out of the secret land through the starting point. Either that, or get forcibly kicked out of the secret land after ten hours had passed. There was a Resurrection Temple in the various rest points of the secret land, and any player killed within a cavern would get resurrected at the rest point of that particular cavern. Meanwhile, unlike the outside world, players that died here would get resurrected immediately. Although players would not lose one whole level after dying, killing a particular player back to Level 0 would still be a piece of cake.

One could say that this was the risk of entering the Sea Dragon Secret Land.

Hearing Identical Summer’s words, the expressions of the Third Fleet’s members turned grim, a hint of fear flashing across their eyes.

They had spent a lot of time and effort to reach their levels. Getting killed back to Level 0 was unthinkable.

At this time, Tyrant Dynasty, the commander of Seventh Fleet, shouted, “Why are we still wasting words with them?! After they die a few times, they’ll naturally become obedient!”

From the very beginning, they had no intention of letting Passing Monarch’s fleet leave here in one piece. The reason for this was the sheer number of fleets in the Freedom Alliance. There was simply not enough resources to share with everyone. Hence, their condition for cooperating with Identical Summer was the expulsion of the Third Fleet from the Freedom Alliance.

In the past, their various fleets had banded together to form the Freedom Alliance because they were too weak individually. Now, however, the situation had changed. The Freedom Alliance currently occupied three of the twelve major cities at the Sea’s End. They had both wealth and manpower. If they kicked a fleet out of the Freedom Alliance, they would obtain much more resources for themselves.

However, as soon as Tyrant Dynasty finished speaking, Shi Feng suddenly appeared before him, the Sacred Sword lightly cutting across the Seventh Fleet’s commander.

Two blue flashes enveloped Tyrant Dynasty. Before anyone could react to what was going on, Tyrant Dynasty was already lying motionless on the ground.

So fast! Passing Monarch had an incredulous look on his face as he looked at the corpse of the Level 43 Berserker lying at Shi Feng’s feet.

Compared to the attacks Shi Feng had displayed in the previous battle, despite these two sword slashes being of equal speed, these attacks gave off an indescribably natural and sharp feeling.

Everyone was also stunned by this situation.

Shi Feng had actually taken action without the slightest bit of hesitation.

Glancing at the corpse at his feet, Shi Feng smiled as he said, “I very much agree with your opinion. Once you all die a few times, you’ll naturally learn to be obedient.”