Chapter 1245 - Making Everyone An Enemy

Chapter 1245 – Making Everyone an Enemy

“Has Passing Monarch lost his mind? He actually dared to pull a coup?” Silent Entropy’s expression turned frosty as he listened to his subordinate’s report.

Not only had the ten fleets’ various experts lost one or two levels each, but they had also lost the majority of their weapons and equipment. The loss was significant.

Each fleet had entered the secret land with their top experts.

Every piece of equipment they wore was considered top-tier at this stage of the game. They had invested a lot of time and effort to obtain these top-tier weapons and equipment. It would take a very long time for these experts to recover to their peak.

It would’ve been fine if they had only lost one or two pieces of equipment. Now that they had lost more than half of what they owned, Passing Monarch had undoubtedly made enemies of the ten fleets. Although Silent Entropy admitted that turning the fleets against each other in the end had been ingenious, it was also a fact that none of the Freedom Alliance’s fleets would cooperate with Passing Monarch in the future.

This would not benefit Passing Monarch when he competed for the Freedom Alliance’s first seat.

…

Meanwhile, in the Resurrection Temple, everyone was shocked by Identical Summer’s ruthless action.

“Identical Summer is quite bold. He actually dared to log out inside the secret land.”

“What’s so impressive about that? If it were up to me, I’d say that that monster is the amazing one. He had actually forced Identical Summer down this path. If I were in Identical Summer’s position, I probably would’ve done the same.”

“Now that Identical Summer has made such a decisive move, he will not let this matter rest until one of them has been destroyed.”

Everyone chatted quietly as they stared at Identical Summer’s previous location. They could not help but feel a chill crawl down their spines when they recalled the hatred and madness in Identical Summer’s eyes as he forcefully logged out of the game.

In the outside world, if players forcefully logged out of the game, the system would impose a penalty, which was slightly more severe than the usual death penalty. If one did the same thing inside the secret land, the penalty would multiply by several times. Players would also be barred from logging into God’s Domain for a considerable amount of time.

At this stage, even losing one level would drive a player mad. If they forcefully logged out inside the secret land, not only would they lose multiple levels, but they would also lose several items. That was on top of being barred from logging in for some time. No one would be so bold as to accept such a penalty willingly.

However, Identical Summer had no other choice. After all, the system’s penalty was slightly less damaging than staying.

…

On the top floor of the Ferris Skyscraper, the cover of a virtual gaming cabin slowly opened. Once the cabin opened fully, a man climbed out. The man wore a grim expression, his chilling gaze forcing a shudder from anyone it fell upon. This man was Xia Tianqi. He was also known as Identical Summer, the commander of the Freedom Alliance’s Second Fleet.

Nobody would’ve ever imagined that the commander of Second Fleet was actually the young master of the Xia Corporation. Although the Xia Group was not a powerful international corporation, it was one of the country’s first-rate corporations.

“Passing Monarch! And that damnable brat as well! I won’t let either of them off the hook!” Xia Tianqi slammed his palm on the wooden desk before him in rage, shattering the desk. The strength he displayed was not one bit inferior to a professional fighter’s. Immediately, he tapped the quantum watch on his wrist and called a particular number, “Hello? Viper? Look into two people for me. Both are God’s Domain players. I’ll send the information I have on them to you in a moment. If you help me discover their true identities, there will be no lack of benefits.”

“Young Master Xia, what a rare occurrence! Since you’ve made the request, I’ll get it done right away. Rest assured; no one can hide from me,” the person called Viper responded, laughing.

Nodding, Xia Tianqi disconnected the call. He revealed a sinister grin.

“Just you wait. Anyone who dares to oppose me will not find a pleasant ending.” Xia Tianqi laughed.

Although the Main God System protected every player’s information, and players normally modified their appearances, making it very difficult to learn their true identities, Xia Tianqi rather trusted Viper’s capabilities. After all, this was not the first time Viper had completed such a task.

…

Meanwhile, inside the Resurrection Temple, Shi Feng collected one soul after another. With the number of players present, he could collect enough to produce three drops of Soul Water, and he planned to stockpile the Soul Water for learning the Secret Body Technique.

The Secret Spellcasting Technique he had previously obtained catered mainly to magical class players. To Shi Feng, the Secret Technique was negligible. However, the Secret Body Technique was suitable for all players. Since he didn’t need to share the slots this time, he had to prepare more Soul Water.

He was currently in Sea’s End. He had also hidden his identity under his Black Cloak. Aside from Passing Monarch and a few other trusted players, nobody knew his exact identity. Unlike in the Star-Moon Kingdom, he did not have to worry about implicating Zero Wing.

Right now, the most he had to worry about was an ambush from Dark Players.

Shi Feng quickly collected over 300 souls, producing three drops of Soul Water in the Soul Orb.

Now that I don’t have to worry about exposing my identity in Sea’s End, I can use this opportunity to collect more Soul Water.

Many ideas swam in Shi Feng’s mind as he gazed at the Soul Orb in his bag.

In the past, the Flower of Seven Sins had made a fortune with the Soul Orb. With it, the organization had nurtured plenty of peak experts. With no concerns to hold him back, he needed to use this opportunity to collect Soul Water. It’d be very difficult to obtain once he returned to Star-Moon Kingdom.

After obtaining the Soul Water, Shi Feng led Passing Monarch and the others to another grotto to search for Legacies.

Aside from the grotto that contained the Sea God’s Legacy, there were twelve grottos in the Sea Dragon’s Secret Land. Among them, the entrance to three grottos had a diameter of 50 yards. The Legacies in these grottos was only second to the Sea God’s Legacy.

With two Small Sailboats, it would be a piece of cake for Shi Feng’s group to obtain a Legacy from one of the 50-yard grottos.

Without suspense, Shi Feng helped Passing Monarch obtain a Legacy in their ninth hour in the Sea Dragon’s Secret Land. This time, however, there were no other fleets to contest for the Legacy, and everything went relatively smoothly.

“Commander, Passing Monarch’s fleet has returned to the starting point. By the looks of it, they seem to have obtained another Legacy and are preparing to leave,” Scorpion, who hid at the starting point, reported when he saw Shi Feng’s group approach.

“Good. Uncle Li and the others are already outside. You should take off, too,” Hundred Leaves said, nodding.

She had waited for this moment for a long time.

Although the Legacy items weren’t guaranteed to drop upon death, Uncle Li was a Dark Player. He had tools and methods of increasing the drop rate for players he killed. As long as Shi Feng did not store the Sea God’s Legacy in his warehouse, it would only take a few extra kills before they obtained the Legacy.

For now, she needed to regroup with Uncle Li’s team. Once Uncle Li killed Shi Feng, since she was on the same team, she would complete the Demon God’s quest.

As long as she obtained both the Sea God’s Legacy and the Demon God’s reward, the Freedom Alliance’s first seat was hers for the taking. After that, she would gradually take control of the] Freedom Alliance and rule over the three major NPC cities.

Every one of Sea’s End’s twelve major NPC cities had a larger population than any land kingdom’s capital city. The player population of Heavenly Ocean City, in particular, could rival an empire’s imperial capital.

…

At the Sea Dragon’s Secret Land’s entrance, after Shi Feng stored the two Small Sailboats, he followed Passing Monarch and the others into the Teleportation Magic Array.

–

System: Do you wish to leave the Sea Dragon’s Secret Land?

–

Shi Feng chose “Yes” without hesitation. Immediately, a beam of white light descended upon him. He then vanished from the secret land.

Shortly after, Shi Feng returned to Blue Jade Restaurant’s top-floor hall. However, more players were present than before. Every player was a member of one of the Freedom Alliance’s fleets.

They all stared at Shi Feng and Passing Monarch with looks that could kill.