Chapter 1250 - The Herb Garden’S Magical Effect

Chapter 1250 – The Herb Garden’s Magical Effect

“Why are there so many people in that Shop?!”

“Is that Shop selling something special?”

“That can’t be right. I’ve visited this town multiple times and have been in every Shop. If I recall correctly, that Shop should be a grocery store, only selling common goods. It shouldn’t have anything special to offer!”

“Let’s take a look. In any case, we are on break right now.”

Teams that had just returned from the fields grew curious when they saw the grocery store packed with players.

Although Stormwind Town was quite large, elite players would investigate every new town or city to avoid missing some hidden or advanced quest.

This was simply one of the basics of being an elite.

By now, they had already explored Stormwind Town. However, the grocery store had never once been this popular. Naturally, they were curious.

“What?! The Shop is buying Runic Fragments at five Silver per stack?!”

“Impossible!”

“If this is true, can’t our team earn 45 Gold if we sell the 900 fragment stacks we’ve accumulated?!”

The curious players were surprised when they read the sign hanging beside the entrance.

These players immediately dashed into the Shop for fear that they would miss the opportunity to sell their Runic Fragments. At the same time, they had swiftly contacted their companions and had them retrieve all of the fragments they had stockpiled in their Warehouses.

“It seems that this has been quite effective.” Shi Feng, who quietly watched the crowd through the grocery store’s second-floor window, nodded in satisfaction at the flow of players entering the Shop.

After a short moment, the grocery store had purchased over 7,000 stacks of Runic Fragments. He couldn’t even store so many fragments in his bag.

However, he hadn’t only spent so much money on rent just to purchase Runic Fragments. If that were the case, he could simply set up a street stall. Rather, he had done so to build a sturdy foundation here for the Candlelight Trading Firm.

In the past, the Stormwind Empire had become a miniature holy land due to the area’s Sea God’s Temple. Not only did the Sea God’s Temple give players access to the wondrous Laboratories, but it also allowed players to trade for the Sea God’s Blessing.

When one spoke about the most profitable item produced in Sea’s End, it was none other than the Sea God’s Blessing.

While this item might not be particularly valuable in Sea’s End as players here relied on their ships in combat, it was a different story for players on land. Faced with severe environments, sufficient Resistances were necessary for players. Not only did the Sea God’s Blessing increase all of a player’s Resistances by 100 points, but it was also capable of increasing a player’s Basic Attributes by 10% for twelve hours. Moreover, the potion did not have a Cooldown, and its effects could stack.

Whether one raided a Dungeon or adventured in the fields, the Sea God’s Blessing was a must-have potion.

Time passed quickly. As Shi Feng had nothing better to do, he decided to fiddle with the Space-time Herb Garden.

The grocery store sold plenty of items, including herb seeds. Although the herbs were common, they were enough for Shi Feng.

Shi Feng wasn’t an alchemist, but he knew what kind of potions players would need during particular times. He also knew which herbs were necessary to craft these potions.

Around Level 40, I recall that the various large Guilds had focused on exploring ancient ruins. The various Guilds had been desperate for Lunar Potions. The Lunar Potion’s main material is the Moonlight Flower. Planting Moonlight Flowers isn’t a bad option right now.

Shi Feng thought to himself.

Normally, ancient ruins were located underground. Because of that, it was usually very dark inside. Even if players used Spells, they would only illuminate a small area. This made their progress difficult and dangerous. Avoiding monster ambushes was particularly challenging.

Hence, the Lunar Potion had become very popular around this stage of the game in the past. The Lunar Potion allowed players to see in the dark. In addition, the potion had a long duration, making it suitable for exploring underground ruins.

It wasn’t hard to find the Lunar Potion’s recipe, and any Advance Alchemist could easily produce it. Only, Moonlight Flowers, the potion’s main material, was considerably rare, and this resulted in a low supply of the potion on the market.

If he could obtain a large quantity of Moonlight Flowers, he could mass-produce Lunar Potions. Making a fortune would be a piece of cake.

Currently, as the various large Guilds had already begun to raid ancient ruins, the Lunar Potion’s market price had already reached 6 Silver per bottle. This price was already rivaled that of the Intermediate All-recovery Potions. Meanwhile, crafting the Intermediate All-recovery Potion nearly cost 3 Silver, whereas one could craft the Lunar Potion for less than 80 Copper, 50 of which were spent on obtaining Moonlight Flowers.

However, due to the rise in the Lunar Potion’s price, Moonlight Flowers’ prices had also increased. Right now, each flower could sell for around 2 Silver, significantly increasing the cost of the Lunar Potions.

Following which, Shi Feng purchased a large quantity of Moonlight Flower Seeds and filled the Space-time Herb Garden. Each Moonlight Flower needed 2*2 yards to grow. Overall, the Herb Garden allowed Shi Feng to plant 62,500 flowers.

Each Moonlight Flower Seed cost 5 Copper, costing a total of 31 Gold, 25 Silver.

While 62,500 flowers seemed excessive, when taking into consideration the flowers’ survival rate, he would only end up with a small harvest in the end. Normally, the various large Guilds didn’t bother to nurture any less than hundreds of thousands of herbs. Fortunately, the Space-time Herb Garden was an Epic tool. Shi Feng didn’t need to invest too much time or money to grow the flowers.

After Shi Feng finished planting the seeds in the Space-time Herb Garden, he received a communication request from Fire Dance.

“Guild Leader, I’ve arrived,” Fire Dance reported softly.

“Good. I’ve given you access to the second floor, so come up,” Shi Feng nodded.

While he fiddled with the Space-time Herb Garden, he had also sent for Fire Dance to bring him the Philosopher’s Stone. With Fire Dance’s equipment and strength, she could come and go without anyone noticing her.

“Guild Leader, here is the Philosopher’s Stone you asked for,” Fire Dance said as she entered the second-floor room. She then took the Philosopher’s Stone from her bag before looking around curiously.

By now, Runic Fragments filled the room. Rather than a room, it looked like a warehouse.

“Thanks.” Shi Feng excitedly received the Philosopher’s Stone. “With this, I can finally begin my work.”

“Guild Leader, the Candlelight Auction is tomorrow. Melancholic and the others are preparing for it right now. Aqua is still stuck inside the Secret Technique Space, while Snow is managing things on Stone Forest Town and Lake Heart City’s side. They don’t know what has happened in the Guild,” Fire Dance said. “Some time ago, many experts with hidden identities attacked our Dungeon-raiding teams, causing significant losses.”

“Experts with hidden identities? Could they be Dark Guild members?” Shi Feng asked.

After the Dark Guilds their previous lesson, they should’ve been weak. He hadn’t expected them to strike again.

“That shouldn’t be the case. According to the reports from our members who fought these experts, they are all highly skilled. There were also quite a few Refinement Realm experts among them. I believe that they are from a Super Guild,” Fire Dance said, shaking her head.

“They wouldn’t dare attack in the open, so they’re trying to start a secret war of attrition?” Shi Feng frowned. “Since they want to play, we’ll entertain them.”

When the various superpowers in God’s Domain wished to target a particular Guild, they generally used such hidden tactics. Eventually, they would wear the targeted Guild to death. After all, in such battles of attrition, the members of both Guilds would lose levels, as well as weapons and equipment. Without sufficient strength and background, surviving a war of attrition was impossible.

“Right, one more thing! Guild Leader, our members have passed the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest’s trial. I brought the Treasure Chest with me. Now, all that’s left is for you to open it!” Fire Dance said as she excitedly took a massive chest from her bag and set it before Shi Feng.