Chapter 1253 - Money-Earning Tactic

Chapter 1253 – Money-earning Tactic

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Guild Leader, are we returning to the Guild?” Fire Dance asked.

She had already made multiple trips to the Sea God’s Temple, trading points for a total of 8,000 bottles of Sea God’s Blessing. She had also seen the potion’s effects, and she had to admit that it was a miracle tool for grinding and raiding Dungeons.

If players could increase their Attributes by 10%, Dungeons would become at least 10% easier. This way, players could lower the equipment and weapon requirements, and they could dispatch more players to difficult Dungeons.

The Sea God’s Blessing also increased players’ Resistances by 100 points, making it even easier to raid Bosses that dealt magical damage. Moreover, the potion had a duration of 12 hours. That was more than enough time for a 50-man team to raid a large-scale Team Dungeon.

If they offered the Sea God’s Blessing to their Guild members in exchange for Guild Contribution Points, their members could level up and upgrade their weapons and equipment much faster.

“No. We’re heading to the Fire Dragon Empire,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head.

The Sea God’s Blessing was precious. If not for the Philosopher’s Stone, it would not have been possible to obtain so many within such a short time.

While it was not a bad idea to put it up for trade in the Guild, doing so would expose his identity.

Moreover, earning money was far more important right now.

In the past, the Sea God’s Blessing had sold for a maximum of 2 Gold in Sea’s End and 3 Gold on land during its peak. Land players hadn’t discovered the Sea God’s Blessing yet, making this an excellent opportunity to make a fortune. If he waited until more players in Sea’s End realized how important this potion was, and news of the potion spread to the mainland, he would lose the opportunity to sell it for a high price.

Fortunately, there were a limited number of Sea God’s Temples available, and each temple only stocked 50,000 bottles of Sea God’s Blessing each week. It wasn’t even enough to satisfy Stormwind Town’s players. So, the price shouldn’t be affected overmuch.

In any case, he had to earn as much as he could while he didn’t have any competition.

The Fire Dragon Empire was one of the Four Great Empires. The empire stood at the peak of God’s Domain in both quantity and quality of experts. The empire was home to plenty of powerful adventurer teams. Thus, it was an ideal place to sell the Sea God’s Blessing.

He also had the option of selling the potions in Blackwing City. However, as the Sea God’s Blessing was relatively affordable, more players would fight over it in the Fire Dragon Empire. Although he would have to spend quite a bit on teleportation fees, compared to the potential profits, the expenditure was negligible.

Following which, Shi Feng descended the stairs. As for Fire Dance, she activated Stealth and followed as they traveled to the Fire Dragon Empire together.

Since Fire Dance had picked up 8,000 bottles of Sea God’s Blessing, Shi Feng’s bag couldn’t store them all. He needed help transporting the potions.

“Hm? He’s finally leaving?” A hint of excitement flashed in Scorpion’s eyes when he saw Shi Feng exit the Shop. Quickly, he finished the glass of liquor he had just ordered.

Overall, he had waited several hours for Shi Feng to leave the Shop.

Although it was common for assassination experts like himself to wait several hours at a time on a mission, stakeouts were tiresome.

However, before Scorpion could celebrate, he saw Shi Feng head towards the Teleportation Hall.

“After traveling all the way here, he doesn’t plan to go out and level?” Scorpion was confused as he watched Shi Feng leave the town via the Teleportation Hall. Suppressing his bubbling frustration, he called out the system map and checked Shi Feng’s current location. “Flame Dragon City?”

Scorpion nearly cracked his teeth when he saw the location on the map.

Flame Dragon City was the Fire Dragon Empire’s imperial capital. The security there was several times higher than Stormwind Town’s. It was even more difficult to take out a target there.

“Excellent! I refuse to believe you won’t head out to level or quest at some point!” Scorpion ground his teeth as he paid 7 Gold, 20 Silver to teleport to Flame Dragon City as well, his hatred of Shi Feng growing ever stronger. A single teleportation fee had lightened his pockets by 20%.

Sea’s End was already quite far from the Fire Dragon Empire. Meanwhile, the fee for teleporting out of Sea’s End was more expensive than elsewhere. Very players chose to travel to the mainland to level. Even if they did decide to do so, they would travel via a Flying Ship, which was much cheaper.

…

Flame Dragon City:

As the imperial capital of one of the Four Great Empires and the venue for the Dark Arena, the player population surpassed the other empires’ capitals. Moreover, the Fire Dragon Empire had a treaty of alliance with the several neighboring kingdoms, which resulted in 40% cheaper teleportation fees between these countries, attracting even more players.

One could see plenty of player trading firms as they wandered through the capital’s business district. Many independent adventurer teams also sold rare items monsters had dropped.

It would be great if White River City were even half as impressive as this city. Shi Feng sighed ruefully as he gazed upon Fire Dragon City’s business district.

Two-star Shops were still extremely rare. Generally, only first-rate Guilds had the capacity to set one up. However, as he walked through the business district, he saw plenty of 2-star Shops. Moreover, Fire Dragon City had long since activated the flying transportation feature, allowing players to travel to leveling spots that could not be reached with teleportation arrays.

The various trading firms displayed even more impressive merchandise. Even Level 40 Fine-Gold Equipment was available for purchase. Only, the prices for such items were much higher than market value. It was clear that the Shop owners did not want players to buy these items, intending to keep them on display. Only Level 40 Secret-Silver Equipment and below sold normally. Even so, this was astounding.

In Star-Moon Kingdom, one typically only found Level 40 Secret-Silver Equipment in the Auction Houses. After all, God’s Domain’s mainstream players had yet to reach Level 40.

Meanwhile, it was because these trading firms sold the best equipment available that adventurer teams visited so frequently. After all, they might come across weapons or equipment that suited them.

However, Shi Feng wasn’t here to visit these Shops. Rather, he was bound for the Auction House.

The Fire Dragon Auction House was the largest Auction House in the Fire Dragon Empire. The empire itself ran the establishment. Players throughout the empire’s various major cities could view every item sold here. As long as an item was of sufficient quality, one would not have to worry about it not selling. Only, the processing fee was somewhat expensive, as high as 15% of the final selling price. In addition, the Auction House charged a storage fee. The longer an item lingered in the Auction House, the higher the fee would be. If one sold an item that was not particularly attractive, they might actually lose money.

After arriving at the Fire Dragon Auction House, Fire Dance was amazed by the breathtaking view.

The Fire Dragon Auction House was humongous. It was even larger than Blackwing City’s Blackwing Auction House. It easily took up an area of three or four stadiums with a 50,000 capacity. Moreover, the Auction House had 100 floors and was over 700 meters tall.

A sea of players drifted in and out of the Auction House. Independent players, members of Small Guilds, as well as members of large Guilds were here to purchase materials.

Shi Feng wasn’t particularly moved. After all, he had seen the Fire Dragon Auction House when Flame Dragon City had been at its peak. Far more players had visited the Auction House back then.

After entering the Auction House, one could see a large number of NPC waiters and administrators standing around the main hall. If players were lost, they could simply ask these NPCs for directions. These NPCs would then provide them detailed explanations of the Auction House.

Once inside the building, Shi Feng approached the item sale area.

As there were many players seeking to sell their items, despite so many NPCs, Shi Feng had to wait for some time before his turn.

“Sir, may I know what item you wish to sell today?” the female NPC staff member asked, smiling.

“I wish to sell this item. Please appraise it,” Shi Feng said as he handed a bottle of Sea God’s Blessing to the NPC receptionist.

The Fire Dragon Auction House operated somewhat differently from the Auction Houses in other kingdoms and empires. Normal items were not accepted here. Only items of Bronze rank or above could be sold here. Furthermore, players weren’t allowed to set any random price. They had to abide by the NPCs’ minimum price. Of course, players could set higher prices.

“Sir, the starting price for the Sea God’s Blessing is set at 1 Gold, 20 Silver. Storage for 24 hours will cost 3 Silver, or you can store the item for 48 hours at 6 Silver,” the NPC receptionist reported once she finished appraising the potion.

“I’d like to set the starting price at 1 Gold, 60 Silver and store the item for only 24 hours. I will sell 3,000 bottles in total. Sell 150 bottles every one hour,” Shi Feng said as he retrieved one bottle of Sea God’s Blessing after another.

Seeing so many bottles of Sea God’s Blessing, the NPC receptionist was momentarily stunned. However, she recovered quickly and accepted the 3,000 bottles.