Chapter 1257 - Declaration Of War

Chapter 1257 – Declaration of War

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Impossible!”

The bystanders watching from afar were shocked when they saw the. They couldn’t believe what they had just seen.

Even an agile Assassin couldn’t dodge so many of those pitch-black blades. Not only was Shi Feng unharmed, but he had also appeared behind the Level 30 Cursemancer, killing the player instantly.

It was unbelievable!

“This can’t be real, right? Is he an NPC?” the middle-aged man, who had warned Shi Feng, muttered.

The House of Seas members surrounded Shi Feng while everyone recovered from their shock.

“Kid, you really do want to die!” The Level 43 Shield Warrior assumed Shi Feng must’ve used a Skill to avoid the incoming spell, surprised by the Swordsman’s performance. He turned to the Level 30 players beside him and said, “You four, attack together! I refuse to believe that this kid has any more Skills to save himself!”

The four Level 30s promptly took Tier 2 Magic Scrolls from their bags and activated them.

Two of the four Tier 2 Spells were single-target Spells; the others were AOEs. All four Spells bombarded Shi Feng, leaving him no room to dodge.

“Let’s see how you dodge these attacks!” the Shield Warrior sneered.

They had long since familiarized themselves with the rules of combat inside towns and cities. The system wouldn’t deem an attacking player’s Spell channeling to be aggressive until it locked onto a specific target. If the target retaliated, attacking first, the system would deem them the aggressor. The target had to wait until the Magic Scroll locked on before counterattacking.

Normally, players would have no choice but to dodge, block, or use a Lifesaving Skill to protect themselves. Shi Feng had already used his Lifesaving Skill. He would die, facing four Magic Scrolls, if he didn’t have another.

“Want to run? I don’t think so,” Shi Feng said, smiling when he noticed the players around him slowly back away to avoid the incoming assault. These people were ten years too early if they thought they could use the game’s rules against him. He sheathed Killing Ray and leaned forward to grab the retreating players, pulling them to his position.

The retreating crowd gathered around Shi Feng once more, forming a human shield.

Damn it! He wants us to perish together! The Level 43 Shield Warrior had never expected Shi Feng’s Strength to be so high. No matter how they struggled, Shi Feng still drug them to his sides, using them as shields. It was already too late for them to dodge. They had no choice but to activate their Lifesaving Skills to survive the incoming Tier 2 Spells.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

Eleven House of Seas experts died as the series of explosions echoed throughout the district. All of the survivors’ HP had dropped to critical levels.

“What’s going on?” Everyone was dumbfounded. “Am I hallucinating? Friendly fire?”

The House of Seas members had used a similar strategy to attack other experts that had tried to enter the grocery store. They would surround the disobedient expert before attacking with Tier 2 Magic Scrolls. They would back away quickly after launching the Spells. The experts were utterly helpless as they died. Now the House of Seas members hadn’t retreated once the Spells had been launched as if they had developed Alzheimer’s. On the contrary, they had moved closer to the target.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng had moved over a dozen yards away from his original position. He looked like a spectator, quietly observing the commotion.

The Nightwalker’s Cape’s effects really are impressive. As expected of a Fragmented Legendary item. Shi Feng gazed at the battered House of Seas members with satisfaction.

The increase to his physique, reaction speed, and starting speed had felt pleasant as he moved.

“Who are you? Why are you trying to go against the House of Seas?” The Level 43 Shield Warrior had lost his previous arrogant demeanor. All that was left was solemnity and fear. With a threatening tone, he asked, “Are you not afraid of the House of Seas hunting you down?”

As an expert, he knew full well what had happened even if the spectators didn’t. Shi Feng had actually managed to grab every one of them as they attempted to retreat, and drug them back to him. He had swiftly retreated a dozen yards away afterward. He had never even heard of this level of skill or reaction speed. He even wondered if it were something players could achieve.

“You’re asking for my identity even after searching for me for so long?” Shi Feng laughed.

He had no intention of hiding his ownership of the grocery store. If someone used their brain, they’d know only a player would purchase Runic Fragments in bulk at a high price. It would hurt his development in Stormwind Town if he did not respond properly now that the House of Seas had come all the way to cause trouble.

“So, you’re the shopkeeper.” Realization dawned on the Shield Warrior. “That makes things easier. Our Guild Leader has stated that your Shop may continue to purchase Runic Fragments in bulk. However, you must hand over 80% of your profits! Don’t even think about running a Shop in Sea’s End in the future otherwise! Our House of Seas will hunt you to the ends of God’s Domain!”

The fear on the Shield Warrior’s face faded when he spoke of the Guild Leader’s command, reverting to the prideful, confident expression he had before. It was as if the Guild Leader’s command was a system rule, and no player could challenge it.

None of the Sea’s End players present doubted the validity of those boastful words no matter how laughable they seemed.

The House of Seas was one of Sea’s End’s overlords. It was the number one ranking overlord. Even the mighty Freedom Alliance, not to mention the other powers at the Sea’s End, had to show respect to the House of Seas. The House of Seas also possessed a Shop in all twelve major cities in Sea’s End. It was obvious just how powerful the Guild was.

The House of Seas could easily stop the players in Sea’s End from entering a particular Shop if it wanted to. The players in Stormwind Town proved this point.

How was a shop going to buy or sell items if it didn’t have any players visiting it?

In other words, the Shop was useless.

…

“Hahaha! Interesting! This is too interesting!” Scorpion, who had been watching since the beginning, was ecstatic when he heard the Shield Warrior’s words. The frustration from spending so much money on teleportation fees instantly vanished. “Not only will you become the Sacred Temple’s target, but you’ll also be the House of Seas’ target! I want to see how you’re going to survive on your own strength in the future!”

The House of Seas’ strength wasn’t comparable to that of a super-first-rate Guild, but it was still a veteran first-rate Guild[1]. The House of Seas’ current strength was extraordinary because it had focused its development in Seas End and had the support of major corporations. Identical Summer had sought cooperation with the House of Seas for this same reason.

If the House of Seas wanted to deal with Shi Feng, the Sacred Temple would have a much easier time assassinating him. If he couldn’t run a shop in any town or city in Seas End, he would have to explore and do quests to procure weapons, equipment, and other resources. They would have plenty of chances to strike.

“The House of Seas really is ruthless to ask for 80% of the profits.” Scorpion was curious about how Shi Feng was going to respond. In his opinion, Shi Feng would most likely give up on the shop altogether. At least he could avoid provoking the House of Seas that way. The likelihood of agreeing to the House Seas’ demands was very low. It would be no different than working for the House of Seas for free if he gave them 80% of his profits.

…

“Is this all your Guild Leader has to say?” Shi Feng asked.

“That’s right. You need to give a reply today. Otherwise, we’ll take your silence as a refusal to our invitation, and a declaration to make the House of Seas your enemy,” the Shield Warrior said proudly.

“You want a reply today?” Shi Feng smiled. “Alright, then. Go back and tell Tyrant Serpent that if he wants to play, I’ll play with him until the end!”

TL Notes:

[1]veteran first-rate Guild: I think the author forgot that he had mentioned the House of Seas being an adventurer team.