Chapter 1256 - Tyrant Versus Lunatic

Chapter 1256 – Tyrant versus Lunatic

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

I’ve really underestimated them this time. Shi Feng smiled bitterly as he shook his head.

He had worried about the various empires’ Guilds, yet he had completely forgotten about the various naval powers in Sea’s End. The Sea God’s Blessing cost a considerable number of Sea God’s Temple Points. Regardless of how powerful the empires’ Guilds were, it was impossible for them to afford so many Sea God’s Blessings in 30 hours or so.

After all, an NPC Master Alchemist’s synthesis success rate was very low. It could take anywhere from ten to a few dozen attempts to succeed once. Factoring in the time it required to synthesize fragments, any Guild would need a miracle to purchase a few hundred bottles within 30 hours, even with half a dozen NPC Master Alchemists.

Even if the empires’ powers worked together, it was impossible for them to obtain more than ten thousand bottles. After all, there were only so many NPC Master Alchemists available.

The only people capable of obtaining so many Sea God’s Temple Points were the local superpowers.

For Sea’s End’s superpowers, it was not difficult to obtain the Temple Points. They could obtain the points either through quests or trading items such as Runic Crystals. Not only could one obtain Runic Crystals through synthesis, but they could also obtain them by killing Boss-grade sea monsters in Sea’s End.

“Guild Leader, should we continue to purchase the potion?” Fire Dance asked as she watched Shi Feng on the screen.

They had rushed to purchase the Sea God’s Blessing in the first place to avoid competition, limiting others’ access to the potion. Now that the Sea God’s Temple she was in had already traded over 30,000 bottles, this would impact their ability to sell the potion for a high price.

“Of course. Why wouldn’t we? At worst, we’ll earn a little less profit,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

Although competition would decrease the price, they could still earn Coins at a frightening rate. Moreover, he had the Philosopher’s Stone to synthesize Runic Fragments. Even if the potion sold at its minimum price, he would still make a profit.

Furthermore, he had already met his initial goal.

The Sea God’s Blessing’s price had surpassed his expectations. After repeated sales, he had over 60,000 Gold on hand. It was enough to deal with matters such as his Tier 2 promotion, purchasing Diamond Wood, and reconstructing Stone Forest Town. They also had nearly 140,000 bottles in the grocery store’s warehouse.

Even if he sold the potion for 2 Gold per bottle, he would have more than enough money to construct his city.

“Understood.” After giving the matter some thought, Fire Dance understood Shi Feng’s reasoning. She also felt that she had been a little too greedy.

…

Stormwind Town:

After returning to the grocery store, Shi Feng discovered that the crowd around the Shop had disappeared. Now, there were only a few dozen people around. Every one of these players radiated an imposing aura, their very postures threatening anyone who dared to approach.

Just as Shi Feng neared the Shop, a robust, middle-aged man called out to him, “Friend, are you trying to sell off your Runic Fragments?”

Shi Feng nodded, pretending to be just another adventurer trying to make some Gold.

“I’d advise you to go elsewhere, then. The House of Seas has quarantined this grocery store. Anyone who enters the Shop will be declared an enemy of the House of Seas. It isn’t worth provoking them for a few dozen Silver,” the robust man explained. “A few players had tried to go in, but the House’s members had used a Tier 2 Magic Scroll and killed them as soon as they left the Shop. Not only had the players lost a piece of equipment, but they’ve also become targets for the House of Seas. The player from the organization that used the Scroll is only Level 30. He’s not worried about the NPC guards killing him or losing a few levels in jail.”

“How tyrannic!” Hearing the middle-aged man’s warning, Shi Feng glanced at the 20-man team standing in front of the Shop and indeed, there were five Level 30 players among them. These Level 30 players, in particular, wore ordinary equipment. As for the other team members, they were either Level 42 or Level 43 players equipped with Level 40 Fine-Gold Equipment. A few of them even wore two or three pieces of Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment.

It was clear that these expert players were here to scare off ordinary and elite players. If an ordinary expert disregarded the warning, these House of Seas members would finish them off with a Tier 2 Magic Scroll. With this, the House of Seas had successfully bared Stormwind Town’s players from selling their Runic Fragments to the grocery store.

As long as players stopped selling their Runic Fragments, Shi Feng would lose his source of Runic Crystals.

Although he could travel around cities to purchase Runic Fragments himself, his acquisition rate would be many times slower.

“The House of Seas has always been tyrannical. There are only a few powers in Sea’s End capable of competing with them. If independent players like us provoke them, we won’t survive in Sea’s End,” the middle-aged man said, sighing. “The House of Seas is searching madly for the shopkeeper. They’ve announced that the shopkeeper will have to operate under their management if they wish to continue in Sea’s End. I feel bad for the guy. Just by opening a Shop, he earned the ire of the House of—

“Huh?! You’re going in?! Don’t be stupid! Several people have already tried and failed!” The middle-aged man suddenly noticed Shi Feng approach the grocery store. “If they target you, your life here will be over!”

“Target?” Shi Feng chuckled. “They’ve wanted me for a while now.”

“You’re already a target?” the middle-aged man suddenly realized a possibility. His eyes widening, he stammered, “Could you be…the person they are…”

“That’s right. I’m the player you ‘feel bad for,'” Shi Feng nodded, grinning. He then continued towards the Shop, leaving the middle-aged man behind.

“Has he lost his mind?” the middle-aged man muttered, stunned.

The House of Seas had searched frantically for the grocery store’s shopkeeper, yet this shopkeeper decided to reveal himself…

It wasn’t long before Shi Feng reached the Shop’s entrance. Immediately, several House of Seas members blocked Shi Feng’s path.

“Brat, this store under the House of Seas’ control! Get lost!” a Level 43 Shield Warrior shouted.

“What if I don’t?” Shi Feng asked, smirking.

“Kid, do you want to die?! You dare to challenge the House of Seas’ authority?!” the Shield Warrior bellowed. He then turned to the several Level 30 players beside him, ordering, “Kill this kid! I want to see who would dare approach this Shop after watching this one die!”

A Level 30 Cursemancer revealed a Tier 2 Magic Scroll and began to activate it. Immediately, a black magic array appeared behind the Cursemancer. Twenty pitch-black blades then surfaced from the array and shot at Shi Feng.

Although a Tier 2 Magic Scroll was ineffective against Great Lords of the same level, it could kill current players, who had yet to reach Tier 2, instantly. Unless the target used an Invulnerability Skill of some sort, there was no escaping death.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

When the pitch-black blades collided with their target, the resulting impact threw dust and dirt into the air for several yards. The players wandering about the business district were stunned.

“What a fool.” The Level 43 Shield Warrior wore a contemptuous expression as he watched the cloud of dust and dirt.

However, as soon as the Shield Warrior finished speaking, a familiar voice reached his ears.

“Are you sure about that?”

The Shield Warrior spun towards the voice’s source.

Before anyone had realized it, Shi Feng had moved behind the Level 30 Cursemancer. His blue longsword, which emitted arcs of electricity, protruded through the Cursemancer’s heart. Although the Cursemancer tried to speak, his HP had already fallen to zero. His head rolled to the side as his body collapsed to the ground. A pair of Level 30 Bronze boots dropped beside his corpse.