Chapter 1254 - Taking The Empire By Storm

Chapter 1254 – Taking the Empire by Storm

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

After commissioning the 3,000 Sea God’s Blessing bottles to the Fire Dragon Auction House, Shi Feng left the Auction House with Fire Dance and hurried back to the Teleportation Hall.

“Guild Leader, with the capabilities of the Fire Dragon Empire’s players, they shouldn’t have any problems using 8,000 Sea God’s Blessings. Why are we setting out for another empire?” Fire Dance asked, confused.

“We are too poor right now. With our limited stock of Sea God’s Blessings, we have to employ hunger marketing if we want greater profits,” Shi Feng explained, smiling bitterly.

If given the choice, he would sell all the potions here in one-go rather than waste time running about.

However, he had too many aspects that required funds. This was especially true for fees to reconstruct the 20 Shops he had recently acquired from the Secret Pavilion as well as the Diamond Wood cost. Naturally, he had to try to earn as much as possible.

Although there were a lot of players in the Fire Dragon Empire and plenty of first-rate Guilds, he couldn’t place all of his eggs into one basket if he wanted the Sea God’s Blessing to fetch a high price.

After all, despite the potion’s affordable price, it was still easily affordable for ordinary players. Normally, only Guilds and powerful adventurer teams could buy the potion in bulk.

Yet, there was a limited number of such adventurer teams and Guilds in the Fire Dragon Empire, limiting how high the Sea God’s Blessing’s price could rise.

Hence, he had decided to test the waters with 3,000 bottles first.

Very quickly, Shi Feng and Fire Dance traveled to the Beast Empire’s Beast City. Meanwhile, Scorpion, who had been tailing Shi Feng in secret, fumed with rage.

Shi Feng had arrived in Flame Dragon City less than an hour ago, yet he was leaving already.

It wouldn’t be so bad if Shi Feng’s destination were outside the city. However, of all the places Shi Feng could’ve chosen, he chose the faraway Beast Empire. A one-way trip there from Flame Dragon City cost 3 Gold, 74 Silver!

Not only had Scorpion failed to find an opportunity for his allies to ambush Shi Feng, but he had also wasted over 10 Gold. This was hard-earned money that he had saved to purchase a new weapon.

While he was one of the Sacred Temple’s peak experts, he had obtained most of his weapons, equipment, and skills himself. He was only slightly better off than the Guild’s elite members in that he could purchase top-tier items cheaply with Coins or Guild Contribution Points.

Yet, now, he had spent nearly one-third of his savings just to follow Shi Feng around. He even began to consider attacking Shi Feng outright.

…

Shortly after Shi Feng left the Fire Dragon Auction House, the Sea God’s Blessing appeared in the Auction House’s potion window.

“Who’s this seller?! He’s actually selling a potion for 1 Gold, 60 Silver! Has he lost his mind?!”

“Crap! Does he think he’s selling Dragon Blood?!”

…

The various Guilds and adventurer teams’ logistic members, who had come to purchase potions, were astonished when they saw the Sea God’s Blessing.

The Intermediate Regeneration and Intermediate Mana Recovery Potions they usually purchased only cost several Silver per bottle. Even the Mana Mixture, which was slightly more valuable, only cost a dozen or so Silver Coins. Meanwhile, the Mana Mixture could temporarily increase a player’s maximum Mana by 10%.

Yet, someone was actually selling a potion that no one had ever heard of for 1 Gold, 60 Silver. Moreover, that was only the potion’s starting price.

However, these logistics members quickly calmed themselves as they clicked to check the Sea God’s Blessing’s Attribute Panel and read its introductory text.

As logistics members, their task was to purchase all sorts of useful potions. Whenever a new potion appeared, they were required to investigate it. If they missed an opportunity to obtain a particularly precious potion, they would be severely reprimanded.

However, as these players read the Sea God’s Blessing’s introduction, their mocking laughter died as an excited madness took its place.

“Leader, I discovered a super potion that increases all Basic Attributes by 10% and Resistances by 100 points for 12 hours! If every member of our Royal Thunder Team drinks this potion, we won’t have any issues raiding Hell Mode Team Dungeons!”

“A potion can do that?! Buy them all! Quickly!”

“But the potion isn’t cheap.”

“Not cheap? How much is it? As long as it isn’t too outrageous, we’ll take them all.”

“The starting price is 1 Gold, 60 Silver per bottle.”

“…”

The various logistics members contacted their superiors. If the potion had simply cost 20 or 30 Silver per bottle, they could make the decision on their own. However, the Sea God’s Blessing’s starting price was too high. They did not have the authority to approve such a large purchase.

When they learned of the potion’s starting price, the superiors in both the large Guilds and the adventurer teams were stunned into silence.

However, after a moment of silence, every one of these upper echelons issued the same command.

Buy them all!

While the price was indeed very high, its effects were astonishing. If used properly, it could easily elevate a team’s strength to a whole new level. The potion might even enable a team to raid a Dungeon of a higher difficulty, allowing access to higher quality weapons and equipment.

Immediately, the various logistics members bid on the Sea God’s Blessing.

From the initial 1 Gold, 60 Silver, the price quickly rose to 1 Gold, 61 Silver, before rising again to 1 Gold, 62 Silver. The potion’s price soared.

At the same time, news of the Sea God’s Blessing shocked many first-rate Guilds and superpowers.

“How can such a potion actually exist?!”

“Investigate this potion’s origin and the method to obtain it immediately!”

…

Unlike ordinary large Guilds and adventurer teams, these first-rate Guilds and superpowers were more interested in the Sea God’s Blessing’s origin. Immediately, they began to research the potion. At the same time, they sent their logistics members to purchase every available bottle.

At most, the 150 available bottles would cost several hundred Gold. Ordinary large Guilds might hesitate to make such a large expenditure, but this amount of money was negligible to first-rate Guilds and superpowers.

As long as they could raid Level 45 Hell Mode large-scale Team Dungeons, obtaining two or three pieces of Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment, they would make up for the loss with money to spare.

“Have these people lost their minds?! It’s already at 2 Gold, 60 Silver per bottle, yet they’re still bidding?!”

The first-rate Guilds and superpowers’ intervention caused the price of the Sea God’s Blessing to skyrocket, instantly exceeding the various adventurer teams’ budget.

“Leader, the potion’s price has already reached 2 Gold, 65 Silver. By the looks of it, the price will continue to rise. I no longer have enough Coins on hand to buy all of the potions.”

“Damn it! This is definitely those first-rate Guilds’ doing! But this is our best opportunity to take down a Hell Mode Team Dungeon! We cannot miss this chance! I’ll have someone send you some money later. We don’t need to purchase all of them; 50 bottles should be enough!”

“Understood.”

At the end of the day, an adventurer team could not compete with a large Guild’s financial strength. Fortunately, adventurer teams didn’t need all 150 bottles. They could manage with one-third of that.

Unfortunately, while the various adventurer teams discussed their options, none of the large Guilds intended to let the potions fall into anyone else’s hands. Very quickly, the price of the Sea God’s Blessing broke past the 4-Gold threshold, exceeding the record high in Shi Feng’s previous life.

Once the auction for the 150 Sea God’s Blessing bottles concluded, Shi Feng was stunned.

–

System: The Sea God’s Blessing you placed in the Auction House has sold. After deducting the procedural fees, 5 Gold, 16 Silver has been sent to your bag.

System: The Sea God’s Blessing you placed in the Auction House has sold. After deducting the procedural fees, 5 Gold, 24 Silver has been sent to your bag.

System: The Sea God’s Blessing you placed at the Auction House has sold. After deducting the procedural fees, 5 Gold 19 Silver has been sent to your bag.

–

…

A series of 150 system notifications bombarded Shi Feng. In the blink of an eye, he had gained nearly 800 Gold.