Chapter 1255 - Competitors

Chapter 1255 – Competitors

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Guild Leader, what happened?” Fire Dance asked when she noticed Shi Feng’s joyful smile.

“It’s nothing. I just made a small profit, that’s all,” Shi Feng replied, chuckling.

In the past, the Sea God’s Blessing had only sold for 3 Gold during its peak. Now, he had managed to sell the potion for an average of 5 Gold, 20 Silver. That was nearly double the price back then.

Moreover, this had only been the first batch. As the potion’s fame spread, its price would continue to rise.

The only problem was the attention from the various large Guilds. By now, the various large Guilds should’ve begun their investigation into the potion. With a little effort, it wasn’t hard to learn about the Sea God’s Blessing. After all, the Sea God’s Blessing was one of the basic items available for trade in the Sea God’s Temple. Once the various large Guilds discovered the potion’s origins, they would try to obtain it for themselves by any means necessary, rather than purchase the bottles from the Auction House. After all, it was much cheaper to obtain the potion from the Sea God’s Temple.

With enough Runic Fragments, they could hire an NPC Master Alchemist to synthesize Runic Crystals. Employing a Master Alchemist might be difficult for ordinary players, but that was not the case for large Guilds. Even if a Master Alchemist only had a 10% synthesis success rate, with each stack of Runic Fragment only costing 5 Silver, the potion’s total cost wouldn’t exceed 1 Gold, 50 Silver. It was much cheaper than buying the potion from Shi Feng.

With the potion’s growing popularity, I need to hurry. Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng rushed back to Stormwind Town with Fire Dance.

Now that the various Guilds had caught wind of the Sea God’s Blessing, they would find a way to obtain them in Sea’s End. However, the Sea God’s Blessing was not available indefinitely. Each Sea God’s Temple only stocked 50,000 bottles each week.

If he secured all of the available Sea God’s Blessings, even if the other Guilds had the required points, they wouldn’t be able to trade for the potion.

Meanwhile, throughout Sea’s End, players had only discovered ten Sea God’s Temples. As long as he had the funds, it wasn’t impossible to clear the temples’ stock. After all, he had already earned some funds from the first batch of Sea God’s Blessings.

However, when Scorpion realized Shi Feng was returning to Stormwind Town, he very nearly lost consciousness.

After traveling around the continent, he returned to where he had begun…

In total, he had spent more than 24 Gold on teleportation fees. Scorpion wanted nothing more than to rip Shi Feng apart with his own hands.

…

Stormwind Town:

When Shi Feng returned to the grocery store, he discovered far more players in the business district. These players watched the grocery store like hawks, waiting for the NPCs to hang the wooden signboard that announced the purchasing of Runic Fragments.

The Shop really has become quite famous. I should be able to collect a lot of fragments. Shi Feng smiled as he entered the grocery store.

Upon his return, Shi Feng also received the profits from the first round of sales in other empires.

Although the potions were not as popular as they were in the Fire Dragon Empire, each bottle still sold for 5 Gold or more. Overall, the 600 bottles that had sold in four other empires had earned Shi Feng an additional 3,000-plus Gold.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng equipped the grocery store with 3,000 Gold and began to purchase Runic Fragments once more. Meanwhile, Fire Dance headed out to purchase the Sea God’s Blessing.

“Quick, look! The signboard is up again!”

“Hahaha! I knew it wasn’t a waste of time to wait! I’ve purchased a ton of Runic Fragments from other cities. I’ll make a fortune!”

…

When the waiting players saw the signboard, they charged into the Shop. Among them, there were a few Merchant players trying to make a profit through the price spread.

After purchasing Runic Fragments in other NPC cities, these Merchant players would come running to the grocery store to sell the fragments for 5 Silver per stack. Even if they only earned 1 Silver per stack, selling five or six hundred stacks would earn them five or six Gold. Even experts couldn’t earn that much money in a single day.

He had offered to purchase each stack of Runic Fragments for 5 Silver precisely to inspire these Merchant players to do the dirty work for him, purchasing fragments from other cities and saving him plenty of time.

In just ten minutes, the grocery store had purchased over 6,000 Runic Fragment stacks. This was far faster than before. Unfortunately, Shi Feng’s synthesis speed remained constant as the Philosopher’s Stone could only synthesize one Runic Crystal at a time.

Time passed quickly. Despite players’ rush to sell their fragments, Shi Feng’s funds didn’t decrease in the slightest. On the contrary, he continued to gain more Coins. Very quickly, Shi Feng had accumulated 20,000 Gold. Meanwhile, Fire Dance had purchased the remaining 42,000 bottles of Sea God’s Blessing in Stormwind Town’s Sea God’s Temple and stored them in the grocery store’s warehouse.

Following which, Shi Feng sent the 20,000 Gold he earned to Melancholic Smile, contacting her and saying, “Melancholic, I just sent you 20,000 Gold. Once you receive it, start the new Shops’ reconstruction.”

The sooner those twenty Shops were complete, the sooner they could purchase Diamond Wood. After all, if the other Guilds learned about the Diamond Wood’s value, it would become extremely difficult to purchase even if Zero Wing had the funds.

“Twenty thousand?! Guild Leader, how did you get so much money?!” Melancholic Smile was momentarily dumbfounded.

She had been managing both the Candlelight Trading Firm and Zero Wing’s finances all this time, so she was very aware of their financial situation. Both the Guild and the trading firm continued to expand. As a result, the cost of the Guild’s benefits rose each day. They also had to continue purchasing more materials. There was also the fact that Stone Forest Town had recently become an Intermediate Town, so they had plenty of buildings to construct. Practically all of the Guild’s funds had already been allocated. The Guild simply had no money to spare right now.

“I just made some money selling potions. I’ll send the money for the Diamond Wood a little later,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

His current earnings were only the tip of the iceberg.

If he could monopolize the Sea God’s Blessing before the other Guilds gathered enough points to trade for it, he could easily make several times more than his current profits.

It was for this reason that he had sent Fire Dance to visit the other Sea God’s Temples to exchange their points for Sea God’s Blessing.

While Fire Dance visited the various Sea God’s Temples, Shi Feng wandered throughout God’s Domain, selling the Sea God’s Blessings. Although he could only carry 4,000 bottles with him at a time, the potion’s prices continued to increase. Excluding the Fire Dragon Empire, the Sea God’s Blessing’s maximum price had risen from 5 Gold, 20 Silver to 5 Gold, 60 Silver. The potion was far more popular than Shi Feng had expected.

However, by the time Shi Feng was on his fourth visit to the various empires, the potion’s popularity had calmed, the maximum price decreasing to roughly 5 Gold.

While Shi Feng had expected the drop, he was surprised to see others selling the Sea God’s blessing in the various Auction Houses.

He hadn’t expected competition this early.

Moreover, their starting prices were even lower than his, only 1 Gold, 30 Silver. Their sales volume was also quite significant. It was also because of this that the potion’s prices had fallen so much.

“Guild Leader, the Sea God’s Temple I’m in only has a little over half its stock remaining. There are less than 20,000 bottles left. The previous temple I visited had already traded a few thousand bottles as well,” Fire Dance reported. “Should I purchase what’s left of this temple’s stock?”