Chapter 1251 - Treasure Appears

Chapter 1251 – Treasure Appears

“Everyone has passed their trials already?” Shi Feng could not help his growing excitement as he gazed at the Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest before him.

Even in his previous life, he had never heard of an Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest.

Initially, he had expected conquering the Treasure Chest to take a long time. After all, the trial inside the Treasure Chest wasn’t easy to clear. Clearing it with enough people would be even more difficult.

I wonder what kind of items are inside? It’d be great if a Fragmented Legendary Weapon appeared. The Guild could give birth to another peak expert.

In God’s Domain, weapons provided a much higher boost to a player’s combat power than equipment.

Take Fire Dance for example. Although she was only a Refinement Realm expert, with Thousand Transformations’ abilities, she had a high chance of defeating Void Realm experts of the same level.

Please let there be several items inside!

Shi Feng suppressed his excitement as he activated Divine Providence. He then activated the Treasure Chest.

The Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest’s loading bar began to fill slowly. It took much longer than opening an Epic Treasure Chest.

Five seconds… Ten seconds… Fifteen seconds…

Fire Dance, who stood beside Shi Feng, struggled to settle her nerves as she watched the loading bar.

After 20 seconds, a clear “click” resounded throughout the room. Immediately, both Shi Feng and Fire Dance held their breath as they watched the lid open, a myriad of colors slipping through the gaps. The Treasure Chest also radiated an aura that weighed on Shi Feng. As for Fire Dance, she had unconsciously taken a step backward.

What an intense feeling!

Shi Feng was inwardly surprised.

If the Shop were not strengthened by magic arrays, both the dazzling light and the powerful aura would attract everyone’s attention in Stormwind Town.

As the lights gradually dissipated, the items inside the Treasure Chest were revealed.

When Shi Feng and Fire Dance saw the Treasure Chest’s contents, however, they were flabbergasted.

The Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest only contained two items. There was nothing else. One of these items was an exquisite, black and white cape, while the other was a design. There were fewer items inside the Treasure Chest than they had expected.

Normally, a Treasure Chest had between three and five items, yet this one only had two. This was even after Shi Feng had activated Divine Providence…

It seems it really is unrealistic to ask for two Fragmented Legendary items from an Inferior Legendary Treasure Chest. However, these two items are an impressive bounty,

Shi Feng thought, smiling as he picked up the items for inspection.

–

[Nightwalker’s Cape] (Fragmented Legendary Rank, Cape)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 1,500, Agility, 1,200

When equipped:

All Resistances increased by 100%;

All damage received reduced by 30%;

Strength increased by 40%;

Agility increased by 50%;

Endurance increased by 30%;

Ignore Levels +20;

Movement Speed increased by 30%;

Attack Speed increased by 30%;

Reaction speed increased by 30%.

Additional Passive Skill 1-

Nightwalker: When the cape is equipped, no information about the player can be examined. Physique improved by 10%.

Additional Passive Skill 2-

Divine Speed: Player’s starting Movement Speed increased to 30% of player’s maximum Movement Speed.

Additional Active Skill 1-

Divine Steps: Summons ten doppelgangers before a maximum of ten targets for five seconds. Doppelgangers do not possess any attack capabilities. Throughout this duration, player is invulnerable. Player can switch positions with any doppelganger freely. Maximum cast range of 100 yards.

Cooldown: 10 minutes

Additional Active Skill 2-

Void Shield: Forms a shield that has an HP of ten times the player’s maximum HP for two minutes. As long as shield exists, player’s HP recovery speed increased by 500% and Movement Speed increased by 100%.

Cooldown: 30 minutes

The Blacksmith God Bayer crafted this cloak for the Tyrant of Destruction, but it was damaged in the battle against the God Slayer. However, as the divine runes remain intact, it can be repaired with seven God Crystals. Current number of absorbed God Crystals (0/7).

–

Although it wasn’t a weapon, the Nightwalker’s Cape was undoubtedly rarer than a Fragmented Legendary Weapon.

Shi Feng immediately fell in love with the Nightwalker’s Cape as soon as he laid eyes on it. Although the cape’s Attributes could not compare to the Seven Luminaries Battle Armor, it happened to be exactly what Shi Feng needed.

Unlike other classes, Swordsmen relied on normal attacks to do damage in both combat against players and monsters. Hence, reaction speed was very important for a Swordsman. Meanwhile, the Nightwalker’s Cape instantly increased its wearer’s reaction speed by 30%. In high-speed battles against experts, the cape would be wondrously effective.

Furthermore, after equipping the cape, he would obtain the Passive Skill, Divine Speed.

In God’s Domain, players’ Movement Speed and Attack Speed accelerated from zero. As in the real world, players had to build momentum.

Divine Speed allowed players’ Movement Speed to start from 30% of their maximum, allowing them to reach maximum speed far more quickly. Although the time one could save with this was minuscule and barely perceptible by ordinary players, in the eyes of experts, this small amount was extremely valuable. Because it wouldn’t take as long to reach their maximum speed, players could dodge attacks that were normally unavoidable.

However, it was the other item that truly surprised Shi Feng.

The Void Bomb Design!

Void Bombs were similar to the Basic Mana Pulse Bomb. It was a tool of war with astounding power. However, although the Void Bomb was as devastating as the Basic Mana Pulse Bomb, the Void Bomb had a larger effective area; each bomb could cover an area of 20*20 yards.

In the past, the Void Bomb had been in high demand but practically nonexistent as normally, one could only obtain them by completing quests, exploring ancient ruins, and opening Treasure Chests.

Shi Feng had never considered that players could actually craft such an item.

If he could mass-produce the Void Bomb, the consequences would be inconceivable.

Sure enough, it will be very difficult to mass-produce.

When Shi Feng glanced at the required materials, he found that every material was extremely rare. Crafting this bomb required a total of five rare materials. Among them, the most valuable was a type of metal called Void Iron. Few kingdoms produced this type of ore. Currently, Void Iron sold for 2 Gold per ingot, and the Void Bomb required five.

Without taking into account the production success rate, based on his initial estimate, crafting the Void Bomb would cost at least 25 Gold. Even a first-rate Guild would go bankrupt if it attempted to mass-produce these bombs.

However, it wasn’t exactly impossible to mass-produce so long as Zero Wing took control of a Void Iron vein. According to Shi Feng’s memories, six Void Iron veins had been found in the past, and every one of them had been controlled by either Super Guilds or super-first-rate Guilds. Any Guild that attempted to wrangle control of these veins met utter annihilation.

Void Iron veins produced more than just Void Iron. They also produced Magic Crystals. There was even a tiny chance to mine Seven Luminaries Crystals. This minuscule chance was precisely the reason that the various superpowers had fought over Void Iron veins desperately. Some of these superpowers had even been wiped out in these struggles…