Chapter 1262 - Fire Dance'S Sword

Chapter 1262 – Fire Dance’s Sword

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“She blocked it?”

Hungry Ghost and the others were momentarily stunned.

Not only had Shi Feng’s companions blocked all of their attacks, but one of his companions had even parried Uncle Li’s Assassinate.

Even Domain Realm experts had a hard time against Agile Thunder God. After all, not only did the technique massively increase attack speed, but it also prevented the opponent from predicting the attack’s trajectory. The technique was impossible to react to.

Throughout the Sacred Temple, there were only a handful of people that could block Uncle Li’s Agile Thunder God. Moreover, that was only if their mental clarity were at its peak, yet this Assassin had blocked the old man’s attack effortlessly. Why wouldn’t they be surprised?

“Just who are these people?” Scorpion was flabbergasted as he watched from a safe distance.

It wouldn’t have been terribly surprising to see an expert like Shi Feng in Sea’s End, but he had been joined by an expert capable of blocking Uncle Li’s attacks. No one would believe that these two weren’t backed by some superpower. After all, experts of such standards were rare even in Super Guilds.

Meanwhile, Fire Dance focused on Uncle Li, who stood before her, her mind clear like never before. Her instincts constantly warned her that, against this expert, the slightest slip up would cost her life.

If not for Thousand Transformations’s hidden effect, she would’ve fallen prey to Uncle Li’s Assassinate.

“Interesting.” Although Uncle Li was slightly surprised that Fire Dance had blocked his attack, his resolution to kill Shi Feng had not wavered in the slightest.

Immediately, Uncle Li used Shadow Steps and appeared behind Shi Feng, his dagger aiming for the Swordsman’s kidneys.

Because he didn’t use any Skills this time, he could attack with both daggers simultaneously. With this, he drastically reduced the likelihood of Fire Dance blocking the attacks.

Despicable! Although Fire Dance knew that Uncle Li had used Shadow Steps, she reacted a moment too late. By the time she switched places with one of the doppelgangers and arrived behind Shi Feng, neither her superior Attributes nor her speed could help her block the attacks.

With no other choice, Fire Dance twirled the dagger in her left hand and slashed downwards, activating one of the Petrified Thorn’s Skill.

Petrification Domain!

Immediately, all enemies within 50 yards were dealt 500% weapon damage and had their Movement Speed reduced by 50%. At the same time, Fire Dance’s Attributes rose based on the number of targets the Domain had affected.

However, as if Uncle Li had been prepared for this, he used Wind Steps, becoming momentarily invulnerable and negating Petrification Domain’s damage. Meanwhile, his two daggers struck Shi Feng.

-2,718!

-2,259!

To Shi Feng, who still had over 50,000 HP remaining, those two attacks only took around 10% of his HP.

Sure enough, normal attacks are not enough to kill him. Uncle Li frowned, frustrated with Shi Feng’s Defense and HP.

As Uncle Li was about to use the 5-star Eviscerate he had accumulated, Fire Dance, who was faster, slashed Thousand Transformations at the man.

Although Uncle Li sensed the attack coming, he didn’t want to waste a Skill to block it. Quickly adjusting his footwork, he tilted his body slightly to dodge the incoming short sword.

However, Uncle Li’s expression changed when Fire Dance swung her blade, multiple afterimages appearing around Thousand Transformations.

How?!

Uncle Li may have been surprised, but he was a Domain Realm expert. With the help of Agile Thunder God, he defended himself instinctively.

Dang!

A clang pierced the air when Uncle Li’s daggers collided with Thousand Transformations. Meanwhile, Uncle Li was forced to retreat by three steps, a damage of over -500 appearing above his head.

After landing the first strike, Fire Dance brandished Thousand Transformations once more, giving Uncle Li no time to react.

Although Fire Dance’s reaction speed was slower than the old man’s, she had an absolute advantage when it came to Attack Speed.

Against countless sword lights, even Uncle Li had to be careful. As a result, Fire Dance forced him back farther. Uncle Li tried his best to counterattack, brandishing both daggers simultaneously, but Fire Dance simply responded by swinging Thousand Transformations. Innumerable sword lights flickered around the combatants, blocking the daggers.

Again, the resulting impact forced Uncle Li to retreat.

“Impossible!” Hungry Ghost and the others, who were about to launch another wave of attacks, were stunned.

To them, Uncle Li was an unparalleled expert, yet that expert was at a disadvantage against Fire Dance. If news of this reached the Sacred Temple, it would cause an uproar in the Guild.

While Fire Dance and Uncle Li clashed, Shi Feng finally recovered from his Fainted state.

Seeing Shi Feng regain consciousness, Uncle Li knew that it was no longer possible to kill the man. He abruptly retreated to a distance before turning to Fire Dance, saying, “Little missy, you really are astounding. Despite having not obtained a Domain, not only did you block my attacks, but you also suppressed me completely. Among the many non-Domain Realm experts I’ve fought thus far, you rank third. Might I ask if you are interested in joining us? If you do, I promise that you’ll become one of the best Assassins in God’s Domain. You’ll reach heights that you haven’t even imagined yet.”

Fire Dance was taken aback by Uncle Li’s sudden offer.

She could not figure out what the man before her was thinking. They were currently engaged in a battle, yet the latter had extended a recruitment offer.

Hungry Ghost and the others also heard Uncle Li’s offer. Their jaws dropped, and they stared at Fire Dance with envy and admiration.

Uncle Li was a Domain Realm expert. He was also the Sacred Temple’s number one expert. His evaluations were harsh. He only ever praised the Guild’s geniuses for their potential, yet he had just claimed that Fire Dance could become one of the best Assassins in the game…

Not even the Sacred Temple’s top genius had enjoyed such praise. One could see just how much Fire Dance had impressed Uncle Li.

“Forget it. I will never join you.” Fire Dance rejected Uncle Li’s offer without hesitation. “I doubt that I’ll become God’s Domain’s number one Assassin by joining your measly Guild.”

Fire Dance’s words instantly infuriated and frustrated Hungry Ghost and his companions. They sorely wished they could take the woman’s place.

They were talking about an offer for exclusive training under Uncle Li. The Sacred Temple’s geniuses hungered for such an opportunity, yet Fire Dance treated the offer as if it were an insult.

“Alright. If you change your mind, you can contact me with this. We will welcome you at any time.” Uncle Li could not help but sigh at Fire Dance’s reply. He tossed her a Communication Scroll before turning to leave, vanishing.

The Communication Scroll was a common tool in God’s Domain. Even if without being friends, they could communicate through the scroll. Only, it needed to be bound to someone first, then the wielder could contact the initial owner at any time. The scroll was mostly intended for players that wished to hide their identities.

In Uncle Li’s opinion, Fire Dance was still too young. She had only replied in such a way because she had yet to understand just how powerful the experts at the top of the world were.

Only after Fire Dance had fought those experts would she learn how vast this world truly was. At that time, she would seek him out.

Meanwhile, upon realizing that Shi Feng had recovered, Hungry Ghost and his team used their Rapid Teleportation Scrolls and left Stormwind Town.

…

Sea’s End, Dark City Yasland:

After using the Rapid Teleportation Scroll, Hungry Ghost and the others arrived in Yasland, a lawless city. Even if one killed other players inside this city, the NPC guards paid no attention to the crime. The only reason these NPC patrols existed was to defend the city itself from those who sought to harm it.

“Uncle Li, the target is stronger than we expected. Moreover, he has companions following him in secret. Should we ask for the Punishment Legion’s help during our next attempt? We’ll have a greater chance of eliminating the target,” Hungry Ghost asked Uncle Li, who had just teleported into the city.

The Punishment Legion was the Sacred Temple’s assassination legion. The legion had specifically been formed to deal with other superpowers’ key figures. Although the legion’s members were weaker than their party members individually, they had the advantage of numbers. They also had gear that gave them an advantage against other players.

“No need. We’re giving up on this mission,” Uncle Li said, shaking his head. “As for the Guild Leader and Hundred Leaves, I’ll explain the situation to them personally. You guys can go level up and upgrade your gear for now.”