Chapter 1261 - Expert Companion

Chapter 1261 – Expert Companion

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

Although Shi Feng had sensed someone behind him, everything had happened too quickly. He couldn’t use any of his Skills or tools, and it was too late to turn around and defend himself.

Instinctively, Shi Feng bent his knees and leaped forward in an attempt to avoid the swiftly approaching dagger.

However, no matter how hard Shi Feng tried to avoid it, the weapon tracked his movements. In the end, he could only watch as the dagger closed in.

Why is a Domain Realm expert here?

After attempting to dodge, Shi Feng realized that his attacker was an extraordinary expert; the discovery shocked him.

If his opponent were merely a Void Realm expert like himself, even without his Skills, he could avoid the sneak attack. However, his opponent could predict his movements and force him into a corner.

It wasn’t the dagger itself that was so fast. Rather, it was his enemy’s reaction speed.

Shi Feng had encountered a similar situation against Ouroboros’s Soaring Snake. Due to his innate talent, Soaring Snake’s reaction speed was far beyond ordinary people. Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s current attacker was twice as fast as Soaring Snake…

Based on Shi Feng’s understanding, only mysterious Domain Realm experts had such fast reaction speed.

When the silver dagger struck, Shi Feng’s vision darkened as he fell into a Fainted state.

This move was none other than the Assassin class’s Ambush Skill. It could force its target into a Fainted state for two to four seconds.

Immediately after, another dagger bit into Shi Feng’s back.

Backstab!

-10,249!

What a tough nut. Uncle Li was slightly surprised when he saw the damage above Shi Feng’s head.

Both of his daggers were Epic Weapons. He had already activated his Berserk Skill as well. Even against a Shield Warrior or Guardian Knight with high Defense, his Backstab could easily deal over -20,000 damage, yet this attack had dealt a little over -10,000 damage to the Swordsman before him.

…

A short distance away, five cloaked players watched the fight.

“No matter how many times I see Uncle Li’s Vanishing Cloud or Agile Thunder God, they both feel so awe-inspiring,” the cloaked Ranger named Hungry Ghost said, sighing ruefully.

“That’s to be expected. They are Uncle Li’s trademark moves. They might not seem special, but even Domain Realm experts can’t sense Uncle Li’s presence when he uses Stealth and Vanishing Cloud. As for Agile Thunder God, the Secret Technique is exclusive to Uncle Li. With that technique, he can launch instinctive attacks without having to process his enemy’s actions on a conscious level, resulting in an inhuman reaction speed. How else do you think Uncle Li became the Guild’s number one assassination expert?” a petite Elementalist explained as she excitedly watched Uncle Li work.

Countless experts dreamed of grasping Agile Thunder God.

Unfortunately, even now, Uncle Li was the only player throughout the Sacred Temple that had learned the technique. Despite Uncle Li’s vigorous training, none of the Guild’s geniuses had learned it.

The Berserker wielding an aqua-blue spear said, “Ghost, it’s about time to make your move. We don’t have much time left.”

“Relax, Frostbite. That guy won’t be able to move for at least two seconds. I can kill him twice with that much time.” Hungry Ghost nodded, chuckling. Following which, he retrieved four Black Arrows from his bag, aiming for Shi Feng and firing. “With this, our mission is complete.”

Yet another explosion shook the district as the Black Arrows broke the sound barrier.

In the blink of an eye, the Black Arrows crossed the distance of 30 yards and reached their target. Hungry Ghost had aimed for Shi Feng’s blind spots; even if the Swordsman could move, he couldn’t avoid these four arrows.

“It’s finally over,” Scorpion, who was in Stealth, said, chuckling.

Although he was disappointed that he did not get to finish Shi Feng off personally, witnessing Uncle Li’s attack made the time he spent tracking Shi Feng worthwhile.

Uncle Li retreated to the side and took a silver Magic Scroll from his bag. This was the Rapid Teleportation Scroll that only peak Dark Players could obtain. Unlike Return Scrolls, which had a ten-second activation time, the Rapid Teleportation Scroll only required two seconds. Moreover, the activation process could not be disrupted. At the same time, the scroll would form a magic barrier around the user that could both protect the user and prevent NPCs from sensing them.

Right now, he needed to retrieve the items Shi Feng would drop on death and leave Stormwind Town as fast as he could.

As the four Black Arrows were about to slam into Shi Feng, however, a black figure appeared before him. This figure had taken the hits. Surprisingly, the Black Arrows hadn’t killed the figure instantly. Instead, they vanished upon coming into contact with them.

This black figure was none other than the cloaked Fire Dance.

Even before Shi Feng had picked a fight with the House of Seas, he had asked Fire Dance to return to Stormwind Town. He had instructed her to watch from stealth as he tested the Nightwalker’s Cape’s effects. Moreover, he didn’t want others to know that anyone else was related to the grocery store unless absolutely necessary.

Only, he hadn’t been expected to be ambushed by a Domain Realm expert.

What?! He has an Assassin companion?! Scorpion, who was in Stealth, could not help his surprise.

While the Black Arrows were frightening, Assassins possessed Wind Steps and Vanish. Both Skills provided momentary invulnerability. No matter what kind of attacks they faced, they would not receive any damage during the invulnerability period.

The Assassin had used those two exact Skills to protect Shi Feng from the Black Arrows.

“Damn that Scorpion! What has he been doing all this time?!” Hungry Ghost cursed. “Didn’t he say the target has been alone?!”

Now that this Assassin had disrupted their plans, it would become significantly harder to assassinate Shi Feng in the future.

Uncle Li, who stood a short distance away from Shi Feng, remained extremely calm despite the unexpected development. Without hesitation, he dashed forward, his daggers ready to end Shi Feng.

Although they had to change their plan, it did not change the fact that Shi Feng was still in a Fainted state and unable to move. Even without the Black Arrows, he had other means of taking Shi Feng’s life. After all, Shi Feng only had around a quarter of his HP remaining.

The Black Arrows were only overkill.

Meanwhile, Hungry Ghost and the others regained their composure and assaulted Shi Feng from all directions.

Although Shi Feng now had an Assassin protector, the Assassin class specialized in single targets; against so many attackers at once, she couldn’t protect the Swordsman.

However, as Uncle Li and his teammate were about to reach Shi Feng, five more figures appeared around him.

“Why does he have so many companions?!” Hungry Ghost and the others were stunned.

Six players now surrounded Shi Feng—a full party. At this point, Scorpion’s surveillance was a joke.

What Hungry Ghost and the others did not know was that this was one of Thousand Transformations’s Additional Skills, Phantom. It allowed Fire Dance to create five copies of herself.

However, Fire Dance had not activated Phantom to shock her opponents. She used the Skill to cope with so many enemies.

Phantom allowed her to switch places with any of her doppelgangers without a Cooldown. Even without moving, Fire Dance could protect her Guild Leader from any direction. Moreover, thanks to Illusory Power and Thousand Transformations itself, Fire Dance’s Strength was only inferior to Shi Feng’s.

Dang! Dang! Dang!

Following which, Fire Dance easily blocked the incoming arrows and Spells. Against Uncle Li’s lightning-quick Assassinate, Fire Dance countered with her Fragmented Legendary short sword.

Peng!

On her own, Fire Dance should not be capable of blocking Uncle Li’s Assassinate, which he empowered with Agile Thunder God. However, thanks to Thousand Transformations’s hidden effect, she parried the attack in time. Fire Dance had only been forced to retreat by half a step even after receiving the attack.

In contrast, Uncle Li had been forced two steps back, his HP falling by over 200.