Chapter 1267 - Frightening Influence

Chapter 1267 – Frightening Influence

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“The House of Seas is quite bold,” Shi Feng muttered, revealing a bitter smile when he read the information Fire Dance had given him. “Aren’t they afraid that they’ll go bankrupt?”

Selling the Sea God’s Blessing for 1 Gold per bottle was simply foolish. It was the equivalent of harming oneself to damage the enemy. By doing so, neither side would profit.

While the House of Seas could recover from the losses if it endured, if it lost the competition, its efforts would go to waste.

Unlike the House of Seas, which could sell the potions in its Shops through the various empires, Shi Feng was at a disadvantage. He could only sell the Sea God’s Blessing for a minimum of 1 Gold, 2 Silver in the Auction House. In this case, he only sold a very small number of Sea God’s Blessings each day. He would make barely any money.

“Guild Leader, are we still going to sell the Sea God’s Blessing?” Fire Dance asked.

“Of course, we are. Since the House of Seas wants to fight to the bitter end, I’d like to see how long they can keep this up,” Shi Feng said, smiling nonchalantly. “Get a group of trustworthy Assassins from the Guild over here and have them sell our Sea God’s Blessings in the various empires. We’ll sell the potion for 60 Silver per bottle. Limit the sales volume to 3,000 bottles per empire per day. Have them work in three-man groups and rotate. Instruct a few others to split up and head to Sea’s End’s cities to purchase fragments in bulk. Since the House of Seas will buy the fragments at 4 Silver per stack, we’ll buy the fragments at 5 Silver per stack. Keep our prices 1 Silver higher than the House of Seas.”

To any other player, selling the Sea God’s Blessing for 60 Silver per bottle would result in a loss. Fortunately, that wasn’t the case for Shi Feng. If he purchased Runic Fragments at 5 Silver per stack, it would only cost him 12 Silver, 50 Copper for each bottle of Sea God’s Blessing. By selling the potions at 60 Silver per bottle, he didn’t get as much profit. Even so, profit was profit.

The House of Seas could only blame itself for picking a fight with the wrong player.

“Understood.” Fire Dance smiled.

Had the House of Seas chosen to challenge them properly, both sides would’ve made a profit. Now, however, the House of Seas had shot itself in the leg.

Following which, Fire Dance contacted the Guild’s elite Assassins and had them hurry to Stormwind Town. Meanwhile, Shi Feng brought 4,000 bottles of Sea God’s Blessing back to White River City. He planned to store them in the Guild Warehouse and let the Guild’s core members trade GCP for the potions. At the same time, he intended to search for Dragon’s Blood.

Dragon’s Blood was also known as Draconic Herb. It was extremely rare. Even if one scoured Sea’s End, they wouldn’t find it. Normally, it was a treasure that only bloomed in kingdoms and empires that produced herbs.

To obtain the herb, a player needed luck.

Even Shi Feng would have a hard time finding the herb. Hence, he would rely on the Candlelight Trading Firm to purchase it for a high price. Otherwise, he’d never move to the next part of the quest chain.

…

White River City’s Teleportation Hall:

As soon as Shi Feng returned using the Return Scroll, he discovered a flood of players teleporting into the city. There were at least twice as many players than before.

Among them, there were members of large Guilds belonging to other kingdoms and empires. He easily counted members of 14 first-rate Guilds in the Teleportation Hall. There were also a large group of Battle Wolves’ members. For a moment, Shi Feng wondered if he had mistakenly teleported to the Beast Empire’s capital.

What’s going on? Shi Feng was surprised as he observed the Teleportation Hall.

Before Shi Feng could figure out what was happening, he heard players discussing the Candlelight Auction.

“There sure are a lot of people going to the Candlelight Auction this time!”

“No kidding. Not only will the auction offer slots to enter the Holy City of Titan, but they’re also selling Bronze Mounts and personal houses. The popularity of the Holy City’s slots goes without saying. And every player wants a personal house. Not only can you train in a high Mana density environment, but you can also take advantage of the NPC Shops selling rare items. It’d be so convenient to travel to and from Stone Forest Town and the nearby leveling maps.”

“That’s right. Aside from large Guilds, plenty of famous adventurer teams have come to participate in the auction. I have heard that they are all here to get one of Stone Forest Town’s personal houses.”

“It’s a pity that the starting bid for the houses is 300 Gold. I would’ve tried to buy one for myself if it were cheaper.”

“That’s already considerably cheap. Stone Forest Town is the number one player town throughout Star-Moon Kingdom and the neighboring kingdoms.”

…

Practically every player in the Teleportation Hall chatted about the Candlelight Auction and Stone Forest Town. When they talked about Stone Forest Town, they wore yearning expressions.

Has Stone Forest Town become so popular? Shi Feng was slightly surprised.

While he acknowledged that Stone Forest Town was a valuable location, he hadn’t thought that it would attract so many players from other kingdoms and empires. After all, Stone Forest Town’s location was gradually growing less profitable. By the time mainstream players were over Level 50, the town would lose its competitive edge.

The only advantage the town would have at that time would be its Mana density and the NPC Shop’s rare items.

…

White River City, Candlelight Trading Firm:

Players crowded the seven-story-tall building’s entrance. Originally, only players with 10 Gold or more could enter the Shop. However, due to the high number of participants, the trading firm had been forced to raise the requirement to 100 Gold.

Even then, the designated auction venue, which could accommodate 10,000 people, was full to the brim. Even the VIP rooms were not enough. Originally, only those carrying over 2,000 Gold qualified to use the VIP rooms. Now, only those with 10,000 Gold or those from superpowers could use the rooms. Most first-rate Guilds didn’t have 10,000 Gold lying around, yet the 30 VIP rooms were occupied.

The Candlelight Auction was more popular than anyone had expected.

Melancholic Smile, the auction’s host, was stupefied. She found it truly hard to imagine that a mere auction, held by a player-operated Shop, could attract so many superpowers and famous adventurer teams.

Melancholic Smile wasn’t the only one surprised. Even the various powers that had come to attend the auction were shocked to discover so many competitors.

Normally, only superpowers’ auctions attracted so much attention, yet an upstart Guild had achieved the same results. Moreover, these powers had all come of their own volition. None of them had been invited…

…

Meanwhile, in a VIP room on the second floor…

“Guild Leader, I’ve already checked. Seven Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds are in attendance. Practically every first-rate Guild from the neighboring kingdoms and empires are here as well,” Purple Eye reported to Galaxy Past.

“There really is no competing with Zero Wing.” Galaxy Past smiled bitterly as he watched the sea of players in the first-floor hall.

Only after many years had Galaxy Past developed the Star Alliance into a first-rate Guild. However, if the Star Alliance held an auction right now, they’d be lucky if even five or six first-rate Guilds attended.

In contrast, Zero Wing had only begun its development after God’s Domain launched, yet it had surpassed his many years of effort.

Galaxy Past had to admit that the comparison was odious.

“What kind of reaction will Singular Burial have if he finds out about this?” Galaxy Past muttered.

Some time ago, Heaven’s Burial had announced that it would hold an auction at the same time as the Candlelight Trading Firm. However, Heaven’s Burial had become a laughingstock.