Chapter 1260 - - Key To The Abyss

Chapter 1260 – Key to the Abyss

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

While everyone struggled with their confusion, Shi Feng advanced and dashed for the attacking ranged players.

“Don’t stop attacking him! Absolutely do not let him approach!” the black-clad Ranger shouted. He then retrieved the longbow from his back and pulled it into a full moon, firing a series of five arrows at Shi Feng.

The other ranged players continued to fire various Spells and arrows.

Although they had clustered their attacks, Shi Feng continued forward while executing Sword’s Orbit to defend himself. Not only had he avoided every attack, but he had also swiftly arrived before a group of magical class players.

Suddenly, a blue flash escaped Shi Feng’s right hand. Two Elementalists, each with nearly 20,000 HP, collapsed instantly.

Following which, Shi Feng took another step forward and appeared before a Cursemancer. He struck again.

In such a way, the House of Seas member fell, one after another. Not even one lasted a brief moment against Shi Feng. The Swordsman dodged or blocked every attack against him. Despite the enemy’s Control Skills, due to the Aura of Space, they failed to slow Shi Feng down. At this point, the House of Seas looked like a joke.

Despite watching one ally collapse after another, the House of Seas members were utterly helpless.

“How can this be possible?!” The Level 43 Shield Warrior, who led the initial 20-man team, was stunned. He had expected Shi Feng to die, yet…

Against a single player, the House of Seas’ experts were powerless.

The Shield Warrior even wondered if Shi Feng was, in fact, a player.

Compared to the House of Seas members, the surrounding spectators were truly dumbfounded, their eyes nearly falling from their sockets.

The House of Seas was one of Sea’s End’s overlords. Not only did the Guild have plenty of experts, but many of these experts were ridiculously strong; any one of them could easily slaughter the crowd.

Yet, in front of Shi Feng, these experts were little more than balloons. With a single poke from Shi Feng’s blades, these experts popped…

“Sure enough, it is too much to ask the House of Seas to defeat him.” Scorpion could not help but sigh and shake his head as he watched the House of Seas’ members die.

The gap in Attributes between both sides was simply too vast. One needed more than numbers to bridge this gap.

Shi Feng fought like a humanoid Great Lord. Moreover, he was a Great Lord that had reached the Void Realm. With his sharp senses, Shi Feng could easily predict the movements of those around him and counter in time. In contrast, none of the players surrounding Shi Feng could cope with his attacks.

In this battle, the House of Seas’ members basically faced a Great Lord of the same level that could prevent them from blocking, dodging, or parrying. All they could do was throw their lives away.

Among those present, who could possibly receive a direct attack from a Great Lord of the same level and live to tell the tale?

Furthermore, Shi Feng had activated his Berserk Skill.

Scorpion was relieved that he hadn’t joined the fray earlier. Otherwise, he really would’ve pointlessly thrown his life away as well.

In a short moment, the House of Seas’ expert team had lost over 30 members. Against Shi Feng’s relentless momentum, some of the House of Seas members had lost their courage, losing strength as they slumped to the ground, paralyzed. The difference between their strength and their opponent’s had taught them the meaning of despair.

How can such a player exist?! The black-clad Ranger wore an ugly expression.

His was an expert team from the House of Seas. Even against a Grand Lord, they would not end up in such a miserable state. Moreover, their Guild’s prestige was on the line. If they allowed Shi Feng to have his way today, the House of Seas’ influence in Sea’s End would plummet.

The Ranger even regretted coming to Stormwind Town. Had he gone elsewhere, he wouldn’t have been dragged into this mess.

With things as they are now, I can’t hold anything back. As the black-clad Ranger watched Shi Feng massacre his allies, he reluctantly took an ancient, gray scroll from his bag. He then unfurled it and began to chant the activation incantation.

This Magic Scroll contained a Tier 3 Curse, which he had saved for an important quest in the future.

The Curse was called Heaven’s Punishment Blade. It was even capable of severely injuring Mythic monsters. Even with invulnerability, the Curse could not be avoided. The Curse also deal physical and magical damage.

“Die!” the Ranger shouted as he activated Heaven’s Punishment Blade.

Immediately, a pitch-black magic array formed above Shi Feng. A massive, pitch-black sword gradually emerged, exuding a peerless aura.

Heaven’s Punishment Blade?! Shi Feng’s expression darkened when he saw the pitch-black sword in the sky.

The Heaven’s Punishment Blade was a famous Spell in God’s Domain because it could penetrate invulnerability. It was a super-rare scroll specifically used to kill Abyssal Guards.

As the name suggested, Abyssal Guards defended the Abyss Passages.

If outsiders opened a passage to the Abyss and tried to enter, they would encounter the Abyssal Guards. Not only were the Abyssal Guards extremely strong, but when their HP fell to a critical level, they also became invulnerable. If one could not remove their invulnerability, they wouldn’t have any hope of defeating these monsters.

Hence, Heaven’s Punishment Blade had become the key to the Abyss.

The Curse was the equivalent of an entry ticket to the Abyss.

The Abyss had a harsh environment and very few resources. However, while the Abyss lacked most resources, two items could be found in abundance.

The first was the Seven Luminaries Crystal!

It was an item that any Guild or major corporation that invested in God’s Domain sought desperately.

The second item was the Magic Crystal. However, due to the violent Mana ever-present in the Abyss, one could not just obtain Magic Crystals from the Abyss. Instead, one had to obtain Demonic Stones, which were common, and refine them with alchemy. After refining Demonic Stones, one could obtain Magic Crystals and other precious byproducts.

Countless Guilds had tried to enter the Abyss because of these two items.

Shi Feng had never expected the black-clad Ranger to be insane enough to expend such a precious tool just to kill him…

Very quickly, the pitch-black sword finished taking form. Without any flare, it descended on Shi Feng, leaving no opportunities to avoid it. Shi Feng could only receive the attack.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng activated the Nightwalker’s Cape’s Void Shield.

A protective barrier instantly formed around Shi Feng’s body. At the same time, Shi Feng met Heaven’s Punishment Blade with a counterattack.

Boom!

An explosion shook the business district as a deep crater formed under Shi Feng’s feet.

“What kind of Spell is that?! The impact created such a massive hole in the ground! Even Tier 4 Spells shouldn’t be that powerful!”

“The House of Seas used a Tier 3 Curse on a single player! They are shameless!”

“In the end, it seems that even a monster-like player can’t survive against the House of Seas.”

The crowd involuntarily gasped when they saw the crater in the middle of the business district. Although Shi Feng had lost, he had lost with dignity. After all, he had forced the House of Seas to use such a powerful trump card. If not for the Heaven’s Punishment Blade, the House of Seas would have been powerless against Shi Feng.

As everyone believed the battle to be over and the House of Seas members released sighs of relief…

They suddenly saw a familiar figure standing before the black-clad Ranger.

“H-How are you still alive?” the black-clad Ranger stuttered, blood draining from his face as he gaped at Shi Feng, who looked a little worse for wear.

The Heaven’s Punishment Blade could even rival a Tier 4 Spell. Even Mythic monsters would suffer heavy injuries, not to mention a Tier 1 player. Logically, Shi Feng shouldn’t have survived.

However, what the black-clad Ranger did not know was that, due to Heavenly Dragon’s Power, Shi Feng’s maximum HP had risen to over 200,000. Meanwhile, Void Shield created a barrier that had ten times his maximum HP. Factoring in his Defense and Magic Resistance, Shi Feng survived Heaven’s Punishment Blade with a little over 60,000 HP remaining.

He had very nearly died.

However, Shi Feng did not offer the Ranger an explanation as he swung Killing Ray. Although the Ranger tried to defend himself with his bow, Shi Feng adjusted Killing Ray’s trajectory mid-swing, as if he had expected the Ranger to defend himself, avoiding the bow, piercing the Ranger’s heart, and eliminating the player’s HP.

When the black-clad Ranger, who had commanded the team, died, the House of Seas members’ spirits finally broke, and they scattered.

Shi Feng didn’t bother to chase down these players. After all, the NPC guards would hunt down anyone that had attacked him. If he attacked those that hadn’t attacked him, the guards would hunt him instead. Chasing these players down was no longer important.

As Shi Feng looked for a place to sit and recover, he discovered that he couldn’t remove any items from his bag. He couldn’t access any of his Skills, either.

Suddenly, a silent figure appeared behind Shi Feng. Even with Shi Feng’s sharp senses, he failed to detect the figure’s arrival. It was as if this figure had melded with the environment. After the figure appeared, a silvery-white dagger thrust into the back of Shi Feng’s head, moving with incredible speed.

“Young lad, you really are something. You are the first person I’ve found that’s so difficult to sneak up on.”