Chapter 1279 - Selecting Difficulty

Chapter 1279 – Selecting Difficulty

Sure enough, the Blade Saint class’s promotion quest is quite extraordinary.

Shi Feng pondered his options.

He had attempted his Hell Mode Tier 2 promotion in the past. After all, he had been one of Shadow’s top-class experts. He had been very confident in his abilities back then.

Moreover, to increase his chances of success, he had spent a lot of time collecting top-tier equipment. By the time he had challenged his Tier 2 promotion, even his most inferior piece of equipment had been Level 50 Fine-Gold rank. He had even worn two pieces of Level 50 Dark-Gold Equipment. That wasn’t an easy feat. After all, after reaching Level 50, players were lucky to get their hands on Level 50 Secret-Silver Equipment, much less Level 50 Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Equipment.

However, he hadn’t expected his challenge’s outcome. He hadn’t even past the starting area before failing, much less completing his promotion. The Hell Mode Promotion Quest’s difficulty was simply inhuman.

In this life, though, both his combat standards and his items were more powerful than they had been in the past. Hence, Shi Feng was confident in conquering Hell Mode. However, the same could not be said for Asura and God Mode. After all, he had only attempted Hell Mode before. He did not know how difficult these two modes were.

Should I challenge God Mode?

Shi Feng wondered.

After all, he was already a Void Realm expert. He also possessed two Fragmented Legendary items and numerous Epic items. He even dared to challenge Legendary Quests. A God Mode Promotion Quest should not be a problem.

Sharlyn smiled as she watched Shi Feng and said, “You’re considering challenging God Mode, right?”

Shi Feng nodded.

“Lady Sharlyn, may I know what my chances are of clearing God Mode?” Shi Feng tried asking.

He was utterly unfamiliar with the God Mode difficulty, but that wasn’t the case for an NPC like Sharlyn. She might be able to offer clues that would help him prepare for what was to come.

“You really are brave. You dare ask if you have a chance of passing it.” Sharlyn cast him an admiring look. Slowly, she said, “If you ask me, with your current power, you will die. It won’t matter how many times you try. Just like its name suggests, God Mode is not a realm for mortals. This trial catered to the Ancient Gods. If you think that you can defeat a new God, you might have a chance of clearing God Mode.”

“Defeat a new God?” Shi Feng gasped.

There were two types of Gods in God’s Domain. The first was born naturally, while the second ascended to Godhood of its own power. The majority of the Gods in God’s Domain consisted of the latter. As for natural-born Gods, they did not start out at Tier 6; they had to ascend from Tier 0. Only, they would not encounter a bottleneck in their growth. Even if they did nothing but breathe, they would reach Tier 6 eventually.

Moreover, even at Tier 0, natural-born Gods had extraordinary combat power. In terms of Life Rating, natural-born Gods were even superior to Dragons. Not even a Domain Realm expert could stand against such an immensely powerful being, even if both had the same level, tier, and Attributes…

Fighting any Tier 6 God required at least a full party of Tier 6 players.

“Then, what about Asura Mode?” Shi Feng asked.

“Asura Mode?” Sharlyn carefully evaluated Shi Feng. After pondering for some time, she said, “Asura Mode represents mortals’ limits. Unfortunately, you still have some time before you reach that standard. However, you might have a fighting chance with such high-quality weapons and equipment. Unfortunately, that chance isn’t very high. I’d say that you’d die nine out of ten attempts. In my opinion, you’re better off challenging Hell Mode. The trials the Ancient Gods left behind are outstanding. Passing even the easiest trial is already an impressive feat.”

So 10%?

Shi Feng smiled bitterly.

He was 100% confident in clearing the Hell Mode promotional quest. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have challenged his promotion quest so soon. However, he never imagined that there would be such a massive gap between Hell Mode and the other two.

“Consider this carefully. You know that the more difficult your quest is, the more severe the punishments for failure will be,” Sharlyn somberly reminded Shi Feng.

“I’ve decided. I want to challenge Asura Mode!” After weighing his options for some time, Shi Feng gave his answer.

Developing in God’s Domain was akin to sailing against the current; if one were not moving forward, they would drift backward.

He had already reached his limit. If he wished to improve, he needed to take risks. Challenging Hell Mode wasn’t a risk; it wouldn’t help him. But he couldn’t choose God Mode either, as that was beyond a challenge. By choosing God Mode, he’d just be asking for a beating.

If he cleared Asura Mode, he would be handsomely rewarded. The rewards would certainly boost his development. This was why so many expert players were adamant about challenging Hard Mode and risking failure. Some experts had even gone as far as to delay their progress, challenging Hell Mode until they passed it. Otherwise, they would have a more difficult path after their promotion.

“Fine. Don’t regret your decision.” Sharlyn sighed. She then used the Mana Stones to form a magic array.

All 188 Mana Stones hovered in the air, creating an artificial star-scape. However, while the scene was beautiful, the pressure the seven-colored magic array radiated was terrifying. Moreover, this pressure grew as time passed.

As Sharlyn chanted her incantation’s final verse, a black hole manifested in the middle of the hall. Arcs of silver lightning circled the black hole’s edges, crackling. Suddenly, a pair of golden doors descended from the black hole.

Although the doors were not particularly large, roughly six meters tall, they radiated powerful Divine Might, instantly rendering Shi Feng immobile. The floor started to crack beneath the doors as if it couldn’t withstand the weight. The doors began to sink.

Impossible! This is the library!

Shi Feng was stunned.

Powerful magic arrays strengthened the library. Even Tier 4 NPCs couldn’t damage the building, yet a pair of doors crushed the floor. It was clear that the floor wouldn’t last long as it began to give out and crumble.

“Divine Strengthening!” Seeing this, Sharlyn quickly started to write divine runes in the air.

The divine runes merged with the ground, creating a magic array. Only after the magic array appeared did the doors stopped sinking. The Divine Might filling the hall also weakened, allowing Shi Feng some freedom of movement.

However, after summoning the golden doors, Sharlyn had significantly paled. Sweat beaded on her forehead. As Sharlyn had said, it was not easy to summon these doors. This task normally required three Tier 5 magical classes to accomplish.

Once the doors stabilized, Sharlyn started chanting another incantation while she drew more divine runes. After writing over a hundred lines, she opened her eyes. Two golden magic arrays then surfaced from her eyes.

“Space-time Connection!” Sharlyn sent one line of golden runes into the doors after another.

After a minute, the doors finally started to open. Through the gap between them, Shi Feng could see a path through a silver vortex. The path itself radiated Divine Might, while the rest of the space was pitch-black. He could not see the path’s end.

Shi Feng finally understood why Sharlyn had said that she could not guarantee his return once he entered the trial.

“Go, quickly. I can’t maintain it for long,” Sharlyn hurriedly commanded. Her complexion was deathly pale, and sweat covered her face.

Not daring to delay a moment longer, Shi Feng dashed into the silver vortex, vanishing.

Sharlyn slowly closed off the path. As she watched the golden doors fade, she whispered tiredly, “I pray for your success.”