Chapter 1278 - Tier 2 Promotion Quest

Chapter 1278 – Tier 2 Promotion Quest

“This seems like a good opportunity.” Shi Feng’s lips hooked up after he finished reading through the related posts on the forum.

“An opportunity?” Aqua Rose looked at Shi Feng in the screen in confusion.

Currently, the entire Star-Moon City had already fallen into turmoil with many large Guilds wrestling with this matter. After all, nobody was sure whether this weird phenomenon would spread to the surrounding areas.

If it did, Stone Forest Town might even get dragged into the mess.

“That’s right. This is a good opportunity—an opportunity to upgrade White River City,” Shi Feng said, smiling.

NPC cities did not remain static. They could similarly be upgraded. However, this depended on the population and standard of the players residing in the city.

Star-Moon Kingdom had only so many players. Meanwhile, Star-Moon City was generally a player’s first choice when choosing a city to develop themselves in. Hence, despite White River City’s various advantages, it just barely surpassed Star-Moon City to become the most populous NPC city in the kingdom. As for the other NPC cities within the kingdom, the player population there would mostly remain constant for the foreseeable future. It would be very difficult to attract players from other cities and countries to migrate to White River City. After all, everyone had long since familiarized themselves with the towns and cities they started in.

Now that a problem had occurred at Star-Moon City, if this problem continued festering, many players would no doubt consider developing elsewhere.

If they could lure these players to White River City, they might be able to upgrade White River City.

Upgrading an NPC city brought with it many benefits. One such example was the flying transportation feature, which enabled players to gain additional leveling spots.

In White River City’s case, the additional leveling spot was the Eclipse Gate.

Not only did the Eclipse Gate have plenty of advanced and military quests, but the leveling speed and resources available there were also extraordinary. Moreover, the Eclipse Gate was a Level 40 to Level 70 leveling spot.

If White River City could activate the flying transportation feature, the leveling speed of Zero Wing’s members would undoubtedly increase. They could also start collecting the Energy Essence required to nurture their Guild Mounts.

“Upgrade the city?” Aqua Rose could not help but grow excited.

She understood, more or less, the ramifications of upgrading NPC cities. If they could upgrade White River City, not only would it allow Zero Wing’s members to accelerate their leveling speed, but it would also lure more players from other cities to develop in White River City. This situation would greatly benefit both the Guild’s and trading firm’s development.

“Immediately announce to the public that we are recruiting members. Also, during this time, discount all daily consumable items sold at White River City’s Candlelight Trading Firm by 20%,” Shi Feng instructed.

Regeneration and Mana Recovery Potions were a must for all players that wanted to level up in the fields. Certain Magic Scrolls were also necessary as these items could save one’s life during a crucial moment. However, purchasing these consumable items was a large expenditure.

Normally, offering discounts on such items would have minimal effect in luring players to White River City. Now, however, it would definitely yield excellent results. After all, it was now extremely dangerous to go out and level up at Star-Moon City. After considering safety, as well as the reduced cost of consumables, players of Star-Moon City would naturally choose to develop in White River City.

“A 20% discount? Guild Leader, isn’t this a little too much?” Aqua Rose frowned. Basic consumable items were originally fiercely competitive and had a small profit margin. If they sold them at a discounted price now, they would only break even.

“Relax. We’ll earn it back sooner or later,” Shi Feng laughed. He understood Aqua Rose’s worries.

However, she did not know what kind of effects would accrue with White River City’s upgrade. Compared to the benefits they could gain when White River City was upgraded, a small loss like this was not worth mentioning whatsoever.

“Understood. I’ll get it done right away.” Aqua Rose could not help but sigh. Most likely, only Shi Feng would be crazy enough to use his own Guild’s money to spur the upgrade of a city.

Following which, many posts relating to Zero Wing’s recruitment appeared on Star-Moon Kingdom’s official forums. At the same time, everyone also discovered a shocking matter: White River City’s Candlelight Trading Firm was actually selling daily consumables at a 20% discount.

“Crap! This is insane! With this 20% discount, I’ll be able to save up enough money to get a Mount much more quickly!”

“A 20% discount? If this is true, developing at White River City might not be a bad idea.”

…

Previously, the players of Star-Moon Kingdom kept discussing the sealed maps. Now, however, these players all talked about Zero Wing, instead. Many independent players also showed great interest in the 20% discount on daily consumables.

…

“Damn this Zero Wing! They’re actually using this opportunity to poach our population!” Singular Burial gnashed his teeth in anger when he browsed the various discussion threads on the official forums. However, he very quickly calmed down. Sneering, he said, “I’ll let you all feel joyful for now. When the time comes, both Stone Forest Town and White River City will become mine!”

Currently, the various large Guilds still did not know that Abandoned Wave was slaughtering the players inside the sealed maps. Meanwhile, the Evil Beasts and monsters under Abandoned Wave’s command were also growing at a rapid pace. As long as they managed to wipe out the players inside these maps and were further trained for a certain period, Stone Forest Town would eventually change ownership.

“Guild Leader, are we just going to let them continue poaching the players here?” Daybreak Fog asked.

“Of course not.” Chuckling, Singular Burial said, “Since everyone feels that Star-Moon City is in chaos, we can’t let White River City remain peaceful, either. Immediately notify all the Dark Guilds. Tell them to stop killing players around Stone Forest Town and shift to White River City, instead. They can kill however many players they want. Just make sure to make a mess over at White River City. I want to see just how long Zero Wing can continue poaching players.

“Understood.” Daybreak Fog then bowed and left the room.

…

White River City’s library:

As soon as Shi Feng stepped into the Star-Moon Hall, he immediately felt as if he had stepped into a muddy swamp, his movements becoming extremely sluggish.

“You’ve come.” Sharlyn’s gaze shifted from her book to Shi Feng. Smiling, she said, “It seems you’ve made quite a lot of preparations. Have you decided to challenge your promotion?”

“Mhm.” Shi Feng then took out 188 Mana Stones and 10,000 Gold from his bag.

Seeing this, Sharlyn waved her hand. By the time Shi Feng reacted, the Mana Stones and the bag of 10,000 Gold in his hands had already disappeared, reappearing in Sharlyn’s hands, instead.

Meanwhile, the sound of a system notification also entered Shi Feng’s ears.

–

System: Congratulations, you have accepted the Blade Saint class’s Tier 2 Promotion Quest.

–

“Alright, since you’ve already decided to take the challenge, I’ll tell you some of the risks,” Sharlyn said as she jiggled the bag of money in her hand a few times. Smiling, she continued, “Your promotion is somewhat special. If you fail, it won’t be as simple as dying once. You also won’t be able to challenge it again for another twenty days. Most importantly, I can only send you there. I cannot guarantee whether you can return or not.”

Sharlyn’s words rendered Shi Feng speechless.

Something like this should have been explained before he accepted the quest, yet Sharlyn actually did so only now, after he had accepted.

“I’m helpless about this as well. After all, the location you are heading to is the former residence of a God. Due to the disturbance caused by the magic arrays there, Return Scrolls also cannot be used. This could also be considered a very normal situation.” Sharlyn rolled her eyes at Shi Feng when she noticed the ugly look on his face. She then smiled and continued, “Right, I forgot to ask which place you wish to go. You have three options, each of which has its own difficulties: Hell, Asura, and God. Which one do you plan on choosing?”

Upon hearing Sharlyn’s words, Shi Feng was momentarily stunned.

From what he remembered of the past, the difficulty options for promotion quests for Tier 2 and above were only Normal, Hard, and Hell Modes. There were no Asura and God Modes. This was the same even for peak classes.

As long as one was an expert player, they had a high chance of clearing a Normal Mode Tier 2 Promotion Quest as long as they had made sufficient preparations.

However, even expert players would have trouble clearing Hard Mode. Needless to say, Hell Mode was even more difficult. Shi Feng had never heard of anyone in Star-Moon Kingdom successfully conquering a Hell Mode Tier 2 promotion.

Moreover, this was only in the case of ordinary classes. The promotion quests for hidden classes were far more challenging.

Yet, now, even the lowest grade was Hell Mode.