Chapter 1277 - Swords To Dust

Chapter 1277 – Swords to Dust

Inside the quiet forging room, the entire space started trembling as soon as Shi Feng had the Abyssal Blade devour the weapons on the table.

His heart ached as he watched the top-tier weapons turn into dust one after another.

Currently, Level 45 weapons were extremely rare in God’s Domain. With many expert players only at Level 41 or Level 42, Level 45 weapons were worth a lot of money.

A Level 45 Fine-Gold Weapon could easily sell for over 400 Gold at the moment, just slightly cheaper than a Level 40 Dark-Gold Weapon. As for Level 45 Dark-Gold Weapons, even one with average Attributes could sell for more than 1,000 Gold. However, even at such a price, nobody was willing to sell these weapons.

Yet, now, Shi Feng had sacrificed thirty Fine-Gold Weapons and ten Dark-Gold Weapons. Their total value easily exceeded 20,000 Gold.

Even the upper echelons of Super Guilds would not dare to carry out such an extravagant upgrade. They would definitely choose to do so only after mainstream players had passed Level 45.

However, Shi Feng could not care less right now. His Tier 2 promotion was of utmost importance. Just challenging the promotion quest once would already cost him 188 Mana Stones and 10,000 Gold. With the funds Zero Wing currently had, he could not afford to fail.

When the Abyssal Blade was done devouring the essence of the weapons, Shi Feng felt an unprecedented pressure descend on him, preventing him from moving at all. Meanwhile, the space around the newly transformed Abyssal Blade also began to crack as if the surrounding space couldn’t support the Abyssal Blade’s existence.

“Roar!”

A dragon’s roar resounded throughout the room. Immediately, the space inside the room disappeared into the void as darkness enveloped Shi Feng’s surroundings.

Shortly after, streams of pitch-black smoke started flowing out from the dark void and into the Abyssal Blade. Then, as if the black dragon carved onto the hilt of the sword had gained life, the carving actually climbed up the blade, leaving blood-red runes in its wake.

Once the entire blade of the sword was covered in runes, the miniature black dragon returned to its original position at the hilt and stopped moving.

Although the surrounding space had also calmed down, the Abyssal Blade, which was hovering before Shi Feng, had an extraordinarily evil presence. The entire sword emitted a faint, black fog. The runes shone with a bloody radiance as well, lending the weapon an extra hint of eeriness.

The Abyssal Blade really is getting increasingly dangerous. If I’m not absolutely confident, I definitely must not upgrade it to Level 50.

When Shi Feng held the hovering Abyssal Blade, he could distinctly feel it pulsating as if he gripped a living creature. He could not help but shudder at this sensation.

Level 50 was a major turning point. Although he was unsure if a Backlash would occur if he upgraded the Abyssal Blade to Level 50, he still needed to be extra careful about it. Otherwise, he might lose his life without even knowing how he died at that time.

Meanwhile, after being upgraded to Level 45, the Abyssal Blade received a significant improvement to its various Basic Attributes. Upon seeing the Magic Weapon’s Attributes, Shi Feng felt even more confident in tackling his promotion quest.

–

[Abyssal Blade] (One-handed Sword, Magic Weapon)

Attack Power +1,510

All Attributes +105

Attack Speed +22

Ignore Levels +15

Attacks have:

65% chance to cause 200% damage.

35% chance to cause 300% damage.

Every attack increases damage by 2% to a maximum of 20%.

If wielder belongs to a Swordsman-related class, all Skill Levels +4.

Increase Free Ability Points received for every increase in Level by 2 points.

Equipment Level 45. Can be upgraded (Devour fifty Level 50 Fine-Gold Weapons and twenty Level 50 Dark-Gold Weapons to upgrade to Level 45).

Equipment Tier 1. Can be evolved (Devour ten Mana Crystals to evolve to Tier 2).

Additional Active Skill 1: Phantom Kill (Tier 1). Instantly creates a doppelganger under the wielder’s control. Doppelganger has 80% of the wielder’s Attributes and all Skills. The wielder can swap positions with the doppelganger at any time.

Duration: 1 minute, 10 seconds

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Active Skill 2: Abyssal Bind (Tier 1). Binds enemies and prevents movement, reducing Defense by 100%.

Duration: 4 seconds

Cooldown: 50 seconds

Additional Active Skill 3: Nine Dragons Slash (Tier 1). Instantly creates twelve phantoms of the Abyssal Blade for wielder’s use; each phantom sword deals up to 60% damage.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Active Skill 4: Abyssal Curse (Tier 1). Prevents all targets within a radius of 30 yards from moving or attacking for 6 seconds and reduces their Attributes by 20% for 10 minutes. Effect doubles if there is only one target within range.

Cooldown: 30 minutes

Additional Passive Skill: Abyssal Will. Improves wielder’s physique, depending on the surrounding Mana density. The higher the surrounding Mana density, the greater the improvement provided.

Additional Profound Inheritance: Black Emperor (Tier 1). When activated, every critical hit will accumulate one stack of Death Aura. Each stack can be used to increase all Attributes by 2% and Attack Speed and Movement Speed by 1% for 10 seconds or to reduce the Cooldown of a skill by 3 seconds. Maximum of 33 stacks of Death Aura.

Duration: 10 minutes

Cooldown: 10 hours

The Famed Smith Olysses personally created the Abyssal Blade using the Black Dragon King’s fangs as material. It is one of thirty-six Famed Swords, ranking 31st. However, the Black Dragon King himself has cursed this sword. Beyond the immense strength the blade offers, the wielder must face a Backlash after a certain amount of time. However, after Jack had remodeled the Abyssal Blade with a Star Crystal, the strength of the Backlash has been reduced greatly. If the wielder is unable to suppress the Backlash, the wielder will receive the Black Dragon King’s curse, permanently reducing all Attributes by 50%.

Unable to be dropped.

Unable to be traded.

Unable to be destroyed.

–

Its Basic Attributes sure have increased significantly. Just its Attack Power can already rival that of an Epic two-handed weapon. Its heavy weight is also amazing.

Shi Feng was inwardly astonished as he casually swung the Abyssal Blade a few times.

Compared to a lightweight one-handed sword like Killing Ray, Shi Feng personally preferred one-handed swords that were heavy.

In his previous battles, due to his constantly rising level, he had gradually relied more on Killing Ray, which dealt more damage. As a result, he had mostly kept the Abyssal Blade, which had a higher compatibility with him, on reserve.

Now that the Abyssal Blade had risen to Level 45, he could now use it as his main weapon again.

Following which, Shi Feng went to his Warehouse and stored some items that he would not need for the promotion quest, clearing out the clutter in his bag. At the same time, he also retrieved some Magic Scrolls and necessary potions from the Guild Warehouse. After that, he hurried to the library.

On his way to the library, Shi Feng suddenly received a call from Aqua Rose.

“Guild Leader, quickly take a look at the official forums! Something big has happened over at Star-Moon City!” Aqua Rose said urgently. “Just a while ago, the Shadowblade Ruins got sealed, and none of the players that entered the map managed to escape. They can’t even be contacted. Many Guilds have already sent out their own teams to investigate this incident. Moreover, aside from the Shadowblade Ruins, a few Level 30-plus high-resource maps were also sealed.”

“A field map was sealed? And even communications have been blocked?” Shi Feng grew a little confused. He then opened Star-Moon Kingdom’s official forums.

Normally, sealing a map only prevented players from using teleportation-type scrolls. Meanwhile, such large-scale sealings were only possible with a Guild War Order. However, if the seal was capable of blocking even communication methods, it was definitely something extraordinary.

Based on Shi Feng’s knowledge, there were only three ways to carry out this kind of seal.

After opening the official forums, he found that discussions regarding the sealed field maps dominated the entire forum.

Shadowblade Ruins sealed! Over 100,000 players cannot be contacted!

Large groups of Chieftains and Lords suddenly appearing in Bloodmaul Camp!

Unable to teleport to Red Ridge Town!

Every post was about the sealed field maps or missing players.