Chapter 1281 - Exploring The Herb Garden

Chapter 1281 – Exploring the Herb Garden

In God’s Domain, the Moonlight Fruit was one of the very few treasures that could permanently improve a player’s physique.

Although each fruit could only improve a player’s physique by 2%, it was exceedingly valuable. Moreover, each player could consume a maximum of five fruits. In other words, players could improve their physiques by up to 10%.

While 10% might not seem like much, the boost to a player’s combat power would be astounding.

There were two main reasons for the massive gap between Tier 1 and Tier 2 players. The first reason was the tier of Skills they could learn. The other reason was the difference in physique. Tier 2 players’ physique was 40% stronger than Tier 1 players. Although physique would not increase a player’s damage or Basic Attributes, it could enhance a player’s five senses and improve their body’s flexibility. Players would be able to predict attacks that were originally impossible to spot and perform actions that were normally impossible to execute.

This was why Tier 2 players could easily defeat Tier 1 players even if both sides possessed the same Attributes and combat standards.

In the past, a Moonlight Fruit easily sold for 3,000 Gold. Regardless, countless experts had fought over it.

As Shi Feng stared at the large, silver tree, a massive figure beneath the tree stirred.

The figure was an eight-meter-tall bear with thick, snow-white fur. Its claws were razor sharp, and a silver horn grew from atop its head. Currently, the bear slept peacefully beneath the tree. Occasionally, it would rub its back against the silver tree.

–

[Silvermoon Bear] (Demonic Beast, Great Lord)

Level 65

HP 74,000,000/74,000,000

–

Shi Feng spotted a total of six Silvermoon Bears resting beneath the tree. He also saw a large number, easily over a thousand, Silvermoon Rats roaming the garden. Moreover, these monsters moved relatively close to each other.

–

[Silvermoon Rat] (Demonic Beast, Lord)

Level 62

HP 18,000,000/18,000,000

–

It doesn’t seem possible to sneak my way there.

Shi Feng observed his surroundings, but he couldn’t find an opportunity to get past the monsters to take the Moonlight Fruit.

I guess that I’ll have to clear out the area, taking the monsters down slowly. If I obtain the Moonlight Fruits, it’ll help Fire Dance and the others get through their promotion quests.

With Fire Dance and the others’ strength, they would likely clear their Hard Mode Promotion Quests. However, the likelihood of them clearing Hell Mode was relatively low. Although there was only a one-grade difference between the two, the rewards would impact their development.

However, if he could improve their physiques, then they could clear the Hell Mode Promotion Quest more easily.

Moreover, he had another reason to eliminate the Demonic Beasts in the garden. He needed to reach the courtyard’s inner area safely. On the off chance he caused a commotion and were surrounded, he would undoubtedly die.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng quickly went into action.

As a preventive measure, let’s summon a Demon.

Thinking so, Shi Feng took the Bible of Darkness from his bag.

Although he was confident in defeating these Lord ranked Silvermoon Rats, it would take too much time and energy by himself. He needed some help. Originally, Shi Feng had considered summoning his Personal Guards. However, as this was a special space, he would die from regret if they couldn’t be unsummoned and died here.

Unlike Mounts and pets, Personal Guards could not be easily resurrected. Oftentimes, players chose to search for new Personal Guards rather than resurrecting their guards after death. Resurrection was simply too expensive. It cost even more than Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Guards.

Even Shi Feng couldn’t afford to resurrect a dead Personal Guard.

Hence, unless absolutely necessary, he would not dispatch his Personal Guards.

On the other hand, he would not mind even if the Demons he summoned died. In any case, they would disappear after five hours.

Following which, Shi Feng summoned a Level 60, Tier 2 Tomahawk Demon. The Demon could be both a meat shield and DPS.

Almost…

After waiting for some time, the five Silvermoon Rats standing around the herb garden’s outer edge finally moved away. Immediately, Shi Feng drank two bottles of Sea God’s Blessing, increasing his Basic Attributes by 15% and all Resistances by 150 points for 15 hours. Afterward, he activated an Isolation Scroll to reduce the chances of detection. He then executed Void Steps and quickly reached an ancient tree near the outer edge. With a light jump, he made it to the top of the tree, over 70 yards away from the five Demonic Beasts.

At this distance, due to the Isolation Scroll, these Level 62 Demonic Beasts couldn’t detect Shi Feng. As for the Tomahawk Demon, due to it being Level 60, it would not be detected easily even if it stood only 60 yards away from the Demonic Beasts.

When Shi Feng noticed the Silvermoon Rats turning around again, he took out Blazing Meteor and attacked a rock near the Demonic Beasts.

The throwing weapon shattered the rock instantly. The scattered rubble just so happen to collide with one of the wandering Silvermoon Rats.

Although the rubble hadn’t caused any damage, the Silvermoon Rat was enraged. Looking around furiously, its round, beady eyes quickly locked onto the shattered rock. The rat then carefully walked over. Seeing one of its companions wander off, another nearby Silvermoon Rat followed curiously.

Demonic Beasts were slightly smarter than ordinary monsters. However, they had less intelligence than humanoid monsters. If something suddenly changed, they’d react instinctively. In the case of humanoid monsters, they’d likely gather a group of five or so before investigating the shattered rock. Shi Feng simply took advantage of this.

Very quickly, the two Silvermoon Rats arrived beside the shattered rock. As soon as they did, however, they sensed the Tomahawk Demon standing in the nearby tree.

Sensing outsiders, the two Silvermoon Rats charged towards the Tomahawk Demon without hesitation. The other three Silvermoon Rats were over 15 yards away, and they did not react at all as they continued their mindless wandering. They did not even notice that two of their companions had left them.

Good!

Shi Feng released a sigh of relief.

He had only found this advantageous terrain after observing the herb garden for a long time. If he accidentally attracted all five Silvermoon Rats, he would be finished.

However, despite seeing the two Demonic Beasts inch closer, Shi Feng did not have the Tomahawk Demon attack them. Instead, he had the Demon retreat.

There were too many Silvermoon Rats throughout the herb garden. Many among them wandered randomly. If he fought inside the herb garden, the battle would easily attract the other rats.

After luring the two rats roughly 50 yards away from the herb garden, Shi Feng controlled the Tomahawk Demon to use the Tier 2 Skill Flying Death Axe.

Immediately, the Tomahawk Demon threw the massive battle axe in its hands, the weapon transforming into a streak of black light as it flew towards the two Silvermoon Rats.

-61,845!

-62,078!

The attack ripped an ear-piercing screech from the Silvermoon Rats. Their screeching could be heard clearly from 50 yards away.

In a panic, Shi Feng turned his gaze back to the herb garden. Immediately, he noticed another Silvermoon Rat charging out of the herb garden. Shi Feng suddenly felt a brewing headache.

However, after another moment, no other rats charged out of the herb garden.

That was close. This chain reaction is dangerous. Fortunately, none of the other Silvermoon Rats were alerted.

Sighing, Shi Feng shifted his gaze back to the approaching Silvermoon Rat. He decided to lure the three Demonic Beasts further away from the herb garden.

Only after they were 100 yards away from the herb garden did Shi Feng allow the Tomahawk Demon to fight the Demonic Beasts again.

Although the Tomahawk Demon only had 13,000,000 HP, which was less than what the Silvermoon Rats possessed, in terms of combat techniques, the Tomahawk Demon was stronger than the Demonic Beasts. If the Tomahawk Demon focused on defense, it would take a long time for the three Silvermoon Rats to kill it.

After the Tomahawk Demon stabilized its aggro, Shi Feng used Skywheel Sword to seal the area followed by Firestorm.

The raging inferno immediately caused the three rats to screech in pain, their HPs falling by around 90,000 every second. Occasionally, they would even receive a frightening damage of around -180,000. By the time Firestorm ended, the Silvermoon Rats had each lost over 700,000 HP.

The Tomahawk Demon used the Tier 2 Skill Demon’s Voice, forcing every enemy to focus on the Tomahawk Demon. At the same time, the Tomahawk Demon’s Defense and Attack Speed increased by 40% for 30 seconds.

With the Tomahawk Demon as an MT, Shi Feng activated Phantom Kill, Nine Dragons Slash, and the Ice-Blue Devil Flame and launched a rampant assault.

Both Shi Feng and his doppelganger dealt around -4,000 damage with their normal attacks, while their Skills dealt anywhere from -10,000 to -20,000 damage. When the Tomahawk Demon was close to death, Shi Feng immediately switched to the Aura of Water and used Life Bloom on it, healing it back to full HP.

After fighting for nearly 20 minutes, the three Silvermoon Rats collapsed. However, aside from gaining some Skill Proficiency, Shi Feng did not receive any EXP from the Demonic Beasts. Suddenly, Shi Feng felt that the system was very black-hearted.

He had just killed three Level 60 Lords for crying out loud!

In the outside world, it would take a party of Level 60 players to take down such a monster, yet the three Lords’ deaths hadn’t yielded any EXP or equipment…

“Huh?” Suddenly, Shi Feng noticed a translucent, nail-sized grain beside one of the Silvermoon Rats. He picked it up and took a closer look.

Seven Luminaries Shard!

“What?! These monsters drop Seven Luminaries Shards?!” Shi Feng could not help his surprise as he stared at the translucent grain in his hand.