Chapter 1282 - Growth-Type Set Equipment

Chapter 1282 – Growth-type Set Equipment

As expected of a God’s home. This place is even more amazing than the Tower of Time.

Shi Feng shifted his gaze towards the Demonic Beasts in the herb garden as he held the Seven Luminaries Shard tightly.

The Tower of Time was one of the two most famous towers in the Twin Towers Kingdom as it was an Asura Mode Regional Dungeon.

Although the Dungeon was a similar rank to the Stoneclaw Mountains, there was a huge difference between the two. The Tower of Time’s Bosses dropped Seven Luminaries Crystals.

However, the Moonlight Courtyard was even more astounding. He had a chance to obtain Seven Luminaries Shards by killing the numerous Silvermoon Rats here.

On their own, Seven Luminaries Shards weren’t particularly useful. However, they could be sold to NPCs for a high price. NPC merchants would be more than willing to purchase each shard for 1 Gold.

However, players weren’t likely to sell their Seven Luminaries Shards to NPCs.

Players could synthesize Seven Luminaries Crystals from the shards. However, this task required a Master Alchemist at the very least. A Master Alchemist’s synthesis success rate was roughly 30%; it was neither high nor low. Even independent players would attempt to synthesize their shards rather than sell them.

After all, Seven Luminaries Crystals could upgrade a player’s Mind Space. Nobody would foolishly sell such an important resource and give up on constructing their own private space for rest and entertainment.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng was suddenly motivated to wipe out the Demonic Beasts in the herb garden.

He wouldn’t find an opportunity like this elsewhere. Normally, one had to venture to extremely dangerous secret lands and kill the area’s Bosses to obtain Seven Luminaries Shards or Crystals. Now, however, he only needed to kill Tier 2 Lords. This was like a bargain bin for Seven Luminaries Shards.

After a short rest, Shi Feng began to lure the Silvermoon Rats once again.

His second attempt was much easier than his first. Moreover, he only lured two rats this time. Although he could take on three at once, fighting so many placed a heavy burden on the Tomahawk Demon. He needed to use Life Bloom constantly to keep the Tomahawk Demon alive.

By fighting two at a time, however, the Tomahawk Demon did not need to defend itself constantly and could launch counterattacks from time to time. This increased the total DPS.

Shi Feng attacked the Silvermoon Rats’ weak points relentlessly. Like before, he healed the Tomahawk Demon with Life Bloom when its HP was low.

Like this, Shi Feng cleared out wave after wave of Silvermoon Rats, each wave taking over a dozen minutes to defeat.

Shi Feng cleared out over twenty waves without rest. Although the repetition was boring, the more Shi Feng fought, the more smoothly he defeated the Silvermoon Rats as he became increasingly familiar with the Demonic Beasts’ attack patterns and weak points. As a result, he needed less time to defeat the rats each time he lured a wave over.

Moreover, his harvest was considerable.

After killing 47 Silvermoon Rats, he had obtained 21 Seven Luminaries Shards. The shards’ drop-rate was much higher than he had initially expected.

Others’ synthesis success rate was only 30%. However, Shi Feng had the Philosopher’s Stone. As long as he collected 50 Seven Luminaries Shards, he could synthesize a Seven Luminaries Crystal with a 100% success rate.

If he continued to grind the Demonic Beasts here, he might collect all of the Seven Luminaries Crystals he needed to construct the Four Towers of Elements.

Why is combat here so taxing on Stamina?

After killing another wave of Silvermoon Rats, Shi Feng felt a little tired.

In God’s Domain, when a player’s Stamina had decreased to a certain point, they would start feeling tired, affecting their combat power. If they continued to consume Stamina, their combat power would continuously decrease. By the time players exhausted their Stamina, they would not be able to move a single finger.

Hence, when players fought in the fields, they would take breaks after fighting for a certain time. One of the reasons for doing so was to maintain their strength. Another reason was to avoid having insufficient Stamina should they encounter anything unexpected.

Shi Feng had considered this before he had started fighting. Hence, he had been using the Basic Tyrant title. Not only did the title provide him with 30 Fortitude, but it also increased his maximum Stamina by 20%, yet even after fighting around two dozen battles, his Stamina had fallen to a critical level. He hadn’t expected his Stamina consumption to be this high.

I’ve only killed forty-seven Silvermoon Rats after such a long time. This promotion quest is extraordinarily difficult.

After consuming a drop of Life Essence, Shi Feng turned to the distant Silvermoon Rats, a bitter smile appearing on his face.

It seems I’ve miscalculated. Fortunately, the promotion quest doesn’t have a time limit.

It would take a long time just to clear a path to the courtyard’s inner area, not to mention killing every Demonic Beast here.

Thinking about time, Shi Feng glanced at the system clock displaying the time in the real world. He felt that it should be about time to log out and rest. After all, he had been playing for quite some time. This would not benefit his real body.

“What’s going on here?” Shi Feng couldn’t help his surprise when he saw the time.

After some quick calculations, it should be around half past seven in the morning.

Yet, the system clock told him that it wasn’t even six a.m. in the real world.

“This can’t be right. I remember entering this place at roughly five in the morning. I’ve been grinding the rats for five hours now, so two and a half hours should’ve passed in the real world. Even if my calculations are slightly off, it should still be past seven o’clock,” Shi Feng muttered in confusion.

Following which, Shi Feng looked at the system clock displaying the in-game time. As he thought, he had been grinding for over five hours.

Could the flow of time here be different from God’s Domain?

Shi Feng suddenly thought of a possibility. In fact, this wasn’t something new in the game.

Although rare, when one entered certain secret lands, the flow of time was different.

Following which, Shi Feng started comparing the time flow in the Dark Canyon and the real world.

The moment he did, however, he was shocked.

Time in the Dark Canyon flowed ten times faster than in the real world!

Shi Feng was stunned. After all, he had only ever heard about a one-to-ten time dilation in the past. He had never experienced it before. The greatest time dilation he had experienced was a one-to-six ratio; one hour in the real world had been six hours in the game. On the continent of God’s Domain, the time dilation was only double that in the real world. Now, however, he experienced a one-to-ten time dilation.

Shi Feng finally understood why, after coming here, the system prevented access to the communication system and Return Scrolls.

Contacting the outside world while experiencing such a high time dilation would be an impressive feat.

This is wonderful! I won’t have to worry about spending too much time in here!

Shi Feng was ecstatic.

However, although he was not in a hurry, he couldn’t spend too much time on his promotion quest. After all, the contest on Thunder Island was rapidly approaching. He needed to prepare. He also needed to search for sufficiently powerful Mysterious Flames to extend the time he had left before he became a puppet.

After Shi Feng rested, he grinded the Silvermoon Rats once again.

With the Life Essence’s Stamina recovery, his Stamina consumption rate decreased to one-third of its original. He could now fight for much longer.

While he fought the Silvermoon Rats, Shi Feng summoned his second Tier 2 Demon.

Hidden Thorn Demon!

This type of Demon was similar to an Assassin. It possessed explosive power and control capabilities. This made killing the Silvermoon Rats much easier for Shi Feng. Now, he could defeat two Silvermoon Rats in eight minutes.

As Shi Feng grinded Silvermoon Rats, he also discovered that, aside from dropping Seven Luminaries Shards, the Silvermoon Rats dropped equipment, though at a very low probability. However, the low drop-rate was justified as the Demonic Beasts dropped Growth-type Set Equipment for Level 50 to Level 60 players. The set equipment could be upgraded from Bronze to Dark-Gold rank. These items were far more valuable than ordinary Level 60 Dark-Gold Set Equipment.

The Silvermoon Rats dropped two variants of Growth-type Set Equipment. One was the Magic Moon Set Equipment, meant for magical classes, while the other was the Shadowmoon Set Equipment for physical classes. Both were seven-piece sets.

After grinding for over a dozen hours, Shi Feng had only obtained three set pieces; two for the Magic Moon Set and one piece of the Shadowmoon Set. Meanwhile, he had collected 91 Seven Luminaries Shards.

As Shi Feng was about to enter the herb garden and lure more monsters, every one of the Silvermoon Rats in the garden started to tremble.

Shortly after these Silvermoon Rats started trembling, the Mana in the herb garden was pulled to a single point. Immediately, Shi Feng turned to the epicenter of this phenomenon.

“An evolution?” Shi Feng’s jaw dropped in astonishment.

A Silvermoon Rat, significantly larger than its counterparts, stood in the center of this phenomenon. The Silvermoon Rat’s eyes had turned blood-red, and all of its fur stood on end. The Silvermoon Rat’s body also released a faint red glow, making it extremely eye-catching.