Chapter 1287 - Dark Shaman King

Chapter 1287 – Dark Shaman King

The Magic Light Dragonlings’ were pitch-black and shrouded in a layer of black mist. Their skin sparkled faintly from time to time, resembling the night sky. The Dragonlings’ wingspan stretched over twenty meters, and a single flap was enough to create a strong gust of wind, the whistle echoing throughout the courtyard.

Seeing the Magic Light Dragonlings rapidly approach the garden, Shi Feng turned and fled.

The Magic Light Dragonlings were bona fide Dragons. Although they were infants and only at the Tier 3 standard, they were much stronger than an Archaic Species of the same tier. And three of these Level 65 Magic Light Dragonlings were flying towards him.

If they discovered him, his fate would be sealed.

Fortunately, the Dragonlings were quite far away, so Shi Feng had more than enough time to get out of the herb garden.

Shi Feng wasn’t the only one trying to leave the herb garden. The Silvermoon Bears lazing around the Moonlight Fruit did not dare linger either.

It wasn’t long before the three Magic Light Dragonlings landed in the center of the herb garden. As soon as they landed, three figures jumped off of their backs. Among them, two were Level 70, Tier 3 Demons wearing exquisite armor, and one was a black-robed elder wielding a crimson staff.

Although this black-robed elder did not exude any kind of aura, Shi Feng, who watched from a distance, did not even dare to move a single muscle, deeply afraid of attracting this elder’s attention.

This elderly man was far more terrifying than the Magic Light Dragonlings. Shi Feng had heard this man’s name before.

Dark Wizard Raymond was a legendary Tier 5 Grand Wizard. He had been a marshall that commanded the Apocalypse Empire’s Mage Corps. However, to pursue the essence of magic, he had betrayed the human race and dealt a severe blow to the empire. Now, he was a wanted man in God’s Domain.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, Raymond had been the Final Boss of the “Dark Shaman King” expansion pack.

Back then, the various superpowers had suffered countless casualties to exterminate the Dark Wizard Raymond. In the end, it had taken two Super Guilds working together to take him down.

Shi Feng had never expected his promotion quest to lead him to such a terrifying Boss. It was no wonder why the Magic Light Dragonlings were treated like Mounts. Only a legendary Grand Wizard like Raymond could accomplish such a feat.

This promotion quest really is deadly.

Shi Feng was at a loss for words as he quietly watched Raymond.

If he were discovered, he would die here. There was no way for he could escape a Tier 5 Grand Wizard.

If Raymond guarded the herb garden, Shi Feng’s promotion quest was as good as over.

After Raymond dismounted, he began to collect herbs in silence. Meanwhile, the two Tier 3 Demons stood guard.

Seeing this, Shi Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Raymond was also a Grandmaster Alchemist. He had most likely come to the garden to collect herbs for his research.

As Raymond harvested the plants, Shi Feng hid in a bush and remained motionless. A Tier 5 NPC’s perception was incredibly powerful. Even though he was 500 yards away from Raymond, there was no guarantee that the NPC wouldn’t detect his movements. He could only wait until Raymond left the herb garden.

Time passed quickly.

After harvesting herbs for nearly ten minutes, Raymond finally stood and prepared to leave. Suddenly, however, Raymond retrieved a fist-sized, seven-colored rock from his bag and started chanting an incantation.

What?! The Seven Luminaries Source Stone is in Raymond’s hands?!

When Shi Feng saw the seven-colored rock, he suddenly felt as the system had conned him.

His quest was to seal a Demon King. Normally, this would be impossible for him at this stage of the game. Hence, the system had given him a hint to use the Seven Luminaries Source Stone to suppress the Demon King before sealing it.

Yet, now, it was revealed that Raymond possessed the Seven Luminaries Source Stone, and the Grand Wizard was most likely stronger than a Tier 5 Demon King…

As Shi Feng agonized over how he would obtain the Seven Luminaries Source Stone, a magic barrier formed around the herb garden. In the next moment, Shi Feng saw Raymond retrieve some seeds from his bag and plant them in the garden.

In the blink of an eye, these seeds started to sprout. Their growth rate was astonishing. Moreover, the herbs were extraordinary. They were all Soul Flowers, which were no less valuable than the Flowers of Life.

Soul Flowers were so valuable because they could reduce the system’s penalty when players died.

The death penalty was a massive headache for all of God’s Domain’s players. If they died in the fields, they would lose one level. However, if they were resurrected with the Basic Resurrection Potion, crafted with the Soul Flower, their death penalties would be reduced by 80%. The potion could also substitute for a team’s lack of healers. However, the Basic Resurrection Potion was only effective on Level 70 and below players; it was ineffective on those who were above Level 70. Moreover, the potion had a long, one-day Cooldown. Regardless of these flaws, the Basic Resurrection Potion was undoubtedly a miracle.

Unfortunately, while the recipe was very easy to obtain, the Soul Flower, the potion’s main material, was extremely rare. Normally, the various large Guilds kept the Resurrection Potions they crafted for their own use. Very few were willing to sell the potion. If any did show up in the Auction House, even if they were only Basic rank, they could easily sell for 500 Gold a piece.

Aside from being used in Resurrection Potions, the Soul Flower was one of the materials required to resurrect NPCs.

If players wished to resurrect their Personal Guards, they needed four things: Soul Flower, Flower of Life, Water of Life, and 3,000 Gold.

Because of this, players were rarely willing to resurrect Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Personal Guards. The Soul Flower, Flower of Life, and Water of Life were all extremely rare; they were impossible to obtain even if one had the money. This was also the reason why Shi Feng avoided summoning his Personal Guards if he could help it.

Shi Feng hadn’t expected Raymond to have Soul Flower seeds. He certainly hadn’t expected the man to have so many. If he could obtain these Soul Flowers, he could make a fortune.

Following which, Shi Feng watched Raymond instruct the two Level 70, Tier 3 Demons before climbing back onto the Magic Light Dragonling. All three Dragonlings then flew back to the tower. The two Tier 3 Demons remained behind. They were obviously tasked to guard the Soul Flowers and prevent the nearby Demonic Beasts from eating them.

Two Level 70, Tier 3 Demons?

Shi Feng smiled.

If Raymond had tasked the Magic Light Dragonlings to guard the Soul Flowers, Shi Feng wouldn’t have had any hope. However, it was a different story if he only had to take out two Tier 3 Demons.

Following which, Shi Feng summoned his Personal Guards.

He hadn’t done so early because he had worried that wouldn’t be able to unsummon them. Their deaths would cause him a lot of trouble. However, the situation had changed.

Even if they couldn’t be unsummoned and died here, obtaining the Soul Flowers and Flowers of Life would be a profitable trade.

Some time after the two summoning magic arrays appeared, Anna and Kite emerged.

The two NPCs were an even higher level than their last summoning.

Anna was already Level 72, while Kite had reached Level 70. Their weapons and equipment had also transformed. Without Shi Feng’s knowledge, Anna had gained an additional Fragmented Legendary headpiece, while Kite had obtained a Fragmented Legendary one-handed sword. Shi Feng was pretty jealous.

He had to admit that dumping Coins into their high-ranking quests had been a worthwhile investment.

“Go!”

Although both of his Personal Guards were only Tier 2, Shi Feng didn’t hesitate to send them to deal with the two Level 70, Tier 3 Demons.