Chapter 1285 - Upgrading The Demonic Tiger

Chapter 1285 – Upgrading the Demonic Tiger

The Silvermoon Rat King’s loot was astounding. It had even dropped 16 Seven Luminaries Shards.

It had also dropped five pieces of equipment. The Magic Moon Robes, the most important part of the Magic Moon Set Equipment, lay among them. There were also two pieces of the Shadowmoon Set Equipment: the chest piece and bracers. If he could complete the seven-piece sets, they would be the best set equipment available in God’s Domain right now. Besides that, the Silvermoon Rat King had dropped the Level 60 Fine-Gold Moonlight Shield and Level 50 Dark-Gold necklace, Shadow Talisman.

Any of the various large Guilds would drool over the items.

Quite a few tools had dropped as well. These tools included a Tier 3 Domain Scroll and Tier 3 Defensive Scroll. Shi Feng considered these items compensation for the Tier 3 large-scale destruction Magic Scroll and Summoning Scroll he had used. Shi Feng had also obtained seven Tier 3 Attribute Gemstones.

“Hm? What’s this?”

Shi Feng had thought that he had collected all of the loot, but he suddenly noticed a nearly transparent stone beside the Silvermoon Rat King’s corpse. Although this stone rested there quietly, the surrounding Mana surged towards it.

Curious, Shi Feng picked up the stone and examined it. However, he discovered that he couldn’t see its information. This left him with no choice but to use Omniscient Eyes.

I struck gold this time.

After the ten-second appraisal process completed, Shi Feng revealed an excited expression as he read the item’s description.

–

[Bloodline Essence] (Dark-Gold Rank Item)

This item contains a trace of a Ferocious Beast’s bloodline. It can give a Mount a trace of the Ferocious Beast’s bloodline.

–

Although specific items could upgrade Guild Mounts, there were very few items in God’s Domain that could upgrade a Mount’s strength.

A Mount’s strength was not static. It could be improved. However, upgrading a Mount was far more difficult than nurturing Personal Guards.

Shi Feng had never thought he would be so lucky as to obtain a Dark-Gold strengthening tool for Mounts.

Although his Demonic Flame Tiger was a Dark-Gold Mount, it was only as strong as a Chieftain of the same level. It was not even a match for a Tier 2 Lord. Against experts of his level, the Demonic Flame Tiger wouldn’t be of much use. At most, it could cast a few buffs.

If he could upgrade the Demonic Flame Tiger to the standard of a Lord, however, the Mount would be of significant help.

After all, a Lord was the equivalent of a Tier 2 player. Moreover, unlike Personal Guards, Shi Feng did not have to worry about the Demonic Flame Tiger dying as it was much cheaper to resurrect. The only downside was that, after its resurrection, the Demonic Flame Tiger would enter a Weakened state for a certain period.

Following which, Shi Feng summoned the Demonic Flame Tiger.

When the tall, mighty Demonic Flame Tiger manifested, it obediently lay down beside Shi Feng and rubbed its furry head against his arm.

“How much you strength you get from this depends on you now.” Shi Feng then placed the Bloodline Essence before the Demonic Flame Tiger’s mouth. Seeing the translucent stone, the Demonic Flame Tiger’s shone with hunger like a cat staring at a fish. Without hesitation, it licked the Bloodline Essence off of Shi Feng’s hand and gulped it down.

When the Bloodline Essence entered the Demonic Flame Tiger’s stomach, blood-red patterns began to appear across the feline’s body. The surrounding Mana surged into the Demonic Flame Tiger.

The flood of Mana wasn’t one bit inferior to the Silvermoon Rat King’s evolution.

As it succumbed to the change, the Demonic Flame Tiger wailed in agony.

Following which, the blood patterns released a brilliant glow as they devoured the tiger’s body. As the surrounding Mana density reached its peak, the Demonic Flame Tiger’s form began to change.

The Demonic Flame Tiger had stood five meters tall. Now, however, its body shrank, reducing to three meters. A pitch-black horn grew from its forehead, and arcs of silver electricity crackled around its four paws as black flames licked up its legs. The Demonic Flame Tiger appeared more ferocious and majestic than before. Its aura, in particular, had undergone an earth-shattering change.

So strong. The Bloodline Essence’s effect is impressive.

Shi Feng could not help his surprise when he checked the Demonic Flame Tiger’s Attributes.

Despite its current, Lord rank standard, its Basic Attributes were much higher than a Lord of the same level. It could nearly rival a High Lord.

A Mount that was almost as strong as a High Lord…

Just thinking about it excited Shi Feng.

The strongest Mount he had seen in the past had been on par with a Great Lord. It had belonged to a superpower’s upper echelon and had been carefully nurtured. Countless resources had been spent on the Mount’s growth. Shi Feng had been jealous. After all, that player who had owned the Mount had only been as strong as he had been, yet that player had such an impressive mode of transportation…

Now that the Demonic Flame Tiger was as strong as a High Lord, as long as he nurtured it properly, it might become as strong as a Great Lord by the time he reached Tier 3. It would be a powerful ally. After all, his tiger now had a strand of a Ferocious Beast’s bloodline. It was much stronger than monsters of the same rank.

“It’s about time to log off and get some rest.” Taking a look at the real-world clock, Shi Feng thought that this would be a good time to take a break.

Following which, Shi Feng called up the system interface and logged out.

As soon as Shi Feng exited God’s Domain, a series of notifications bombarded his virtual gaming cabin.

“Why are there so many messages?” Shi Feng was slightly surprised. As his virtual gaming cabin had an anti-disturb mode, the system would temporarily block any messages from the real world. Only after he logged out of God’s Domain and woke from his slumber would the messages reach him.

He had only been in God’s Domain for three days, yet he had over a dozen messages waiting for him. Some were from his assistant, Liang Jing, and some were from Big Dipper Group’s Chairman, Xiao Yu. He had also received an invitation from the White Tiger Dojo.

Shi Feng glanced through one message after another.

He quickly discovered that these messages focused on a single matter, the friendly competition that the White Tiger Dojo intended to host tomorrow. Xiao Yu’s messages inquired about the participants’ conditions, while Liang Jing’s messages talked about the White Tiger Dojo’s friendly competition.

The White Tiger Dojo has splurged on the event.

Shi Feng was slightly astonished as he read the competition’s announcement.

Not only had the various dojos and training centers in Jin Hai City been invited to the competition, but the White Tiger Dojo had also involved five other nearby cities. Anybody could apply to join the competition; the participants weren’t limited to the invited dojos and training centers. As long as one passed the qualifiers, they could take part. As a result, this competition was even more ambitious than Jin Hai City’s annual fighting competition. In addition, the White Tiger Dojo had changed the competition’s rewards.

Now, anyone who placed within the top five would receive prize money; first place would receive five million Credits; even fifth place would receive 500,000 Credits. To the various dojos and training centers, this prize money was negligible. Rather, these organizations had their sights set on the Green God Company’s invitation card. To the majority of the participants, however, the reward money was considerable. According to Liang Jing’s report, there were already more than ten thousand applicants.

While Shi Feng was stretched, Xiao Yu called him, anxious.