Chapter 1283 - Bloodline Evolution

Chapter 1283 – Bloodline Evolution

The glowing Silvermoon Rat screeched in agony. The other Silvermoon Rats stared at the evolving rat as if it were a king as they trembled and distanced themselves. They were deeply afraid of angering their king and dying under its claws.

In fact, over a dozen rat corpses surrounded the evolving Silvermoon Rat.

Impossible! It’s undergoing a Bloodline Evolution?!

Shi Feng had a bad feeling about this.

Like players, monsters could reach higher tiers. Only, in the case of monsters, the upgrade was known as evolution.

God’s Domain’s Field Bosses didn’t come from nowhere. Instead, when a Field Boss was killed, the land it had governed would be left without a ruler. In such a situation, the region’s monsters would engage in an intense battle, constantly evolving. Only after a new ruler emerged would these monsters cease their fighting.

Hence, every time a new Boss appeared in a region, the region’s monsters would grow more powerful due to their evolutions during the intense competition.

The Silvermoon Rat before him was similarly evolving. Only, its evolution was somewhat different, known as a Bloodline Evolution.

Many Demonic Beasts were members of powerful monster bloodlines from ancient times.

Hence, when they evolved, they had a chance of triggering their bloodline. If that happened, not only would their tier improve, but their Life Ratings would also rise.

In the past, Shi Feng had encountered Demonic Beasts that undergone Bloodline Evolution. A particular Demonic Beast had evolved from Tier 4 to Tier 5 and successfully triggered its bloodline. As a result, it had evolved into an incomparably powerful Tier 5 Archaic Species, transforming its governed area into a forbidden land for players. Only after a long time had a Super Guild manage to kill this Tier 5 Archaic Species.

The Silvermoon Rat was currently a Tier 2 Lord. If it evolved normally, it would only become a Tier 3 Great Lord. If it triggered its bloodline, however, it would become a Tier 3 Archaic Species. At that point, escape would be impossible, much less victory.

Even if Shi Feng could run away, with a Tier 3 Archaic Species guarding the herb garden, he wouldn’t be able to get in.

I have to give it a try.

Shi Feng gritted his teeth and retrieved his only Tier 3, large-scale destruction Magic Scroll and Tier 3 Summoning Scroll. He activated them immediately.

A monster’s evolution wasn’t instantaneous. They needed time to absorb enough Mana. Moreover, the more powerful the evolution, the more time it would take. The Silvermoon Rat’s Bloodline Evolution had just begun. It was the perfect time to strike.

Suddenly, a massive, blue magic array appeared above the evolving Silvermoon Rat. This array absorbed a large portion of the Mana the Silvermoon Rat had gathered. Snowflakes started to descend from the magic array, and anything they touched froze instantly. In the blink of an eye, a radius of 50 yards had transformed into a winter wonderland.

Tier 3 large-scale destruction Spell, Frosty Day!

Not only could the Spell cause a lot of damage, but it could also freeze all targets within the affected area for ten seconds. Even if the freezing effect were negated, enemies would receive a debuff which reduced their Movement Speed and Attack Speed 50% and double their Stamina consumption rate for ten minutes.

This one move had frozen all of the rats around the evolving Silvermoon Rat. As for the Silvermoon Rats that were outside of Frosty Day’s range, due to the Silvermoon Rat that was undergoing its Bloodline Evolution, they didn’t dare approach the area. Instead, they turned tail, and fled for their lives, giving Shi Feng an opportunity to attack the evolving Silvermoon Rat.

As for the evolving Silvermoon Rat itself, the Spell had taken over 1,000,000 of its HP. Although its HP had only decreased slightly, it was severely injured, and as a result, its Mana absorption rate had decreased significantly.

“Roar!”

The evolving Silvermoon Rat bellowed and glared at Shi Feng, killing intent radiating from its eyes. It then charged at Shi Feng.

“Good!” Shi Feng smiled. Immediately, he activated Windwalk before he turned and fled.

It was too risky to fight the rat in the herb garden. Had the Silvermoon Rat continued to absorb Mana to evolve even after the initial attack, he would have been helpless. The fact that it had given chase couldn’t be a better outcome.

However, although the Silvermoon Rat had yet to complete its evolution, its Movement Speed was still higher than Shi Feng’s even after he activated the Aura of Wind and Windwalk.

Bloodline Evolutions are terrifying.

Shi Feng was inwardly shocked as he turned to look at the Silvermoon Rat chasing him.

Originally, over 70 yards had separated him and the Silvermoon Rat. Now, the distance had shortened to 50 yards. Moreover, as the Silvermoon Rat ran after him, it absorbed Mana and continued its evolution. Fortunately, it wasn’t evolving as fast as it had been.

This was the outcome Shi Feng had hoped for. As long as the Silvermoon Rat continued to evolve, the other Silvermoon Rats would not approach it. If the other Silvermoon Rats tagged along, he really would die here.

Following which, Shi Feng dashed out of the herb garden, only stopping when the Silvermoon Rat caught up to him.

After catching up to Shi Feng, the Silvermoon Rat slashed its razor-sharp claws at Shi Feng’s back. Not daring to be careless, Shi Feng spun around and used Parry, blocking the attack.

Peng!

The single attack threw Shi Feng over twenty yards away. Although Shi Feng had been sent flying because he had used the impact to put some distance between him and his adversary, the fact that he had been thrown so far told him that the Shadowmoon Rat now had the strength of a Level 62 Great Lord.

Shi Feng refused to imagine how terrifying the Silvermoon Rat’s Strength and speed would be once it completed its evolution.

This should be far enough.

Shi Feng glanced at the distant herb garden. He then controlled his Tier 3 summoned creature and two Tier 2 Demons to attack the Silvermoon Rat.

Dragon Breath!

Suddenly, a beam of white light shot towards the Silvermoon Rat. Seeing this, the Silvermoon Rat revealed a humanlike sneer. It turned sharply, dodging Dragon Breath.

Its intellect has improved by so much?

Shi Feng frowned. Although a Bloodline Evolution would improve a Demonic Beast’s intellect, he hadn’t expected this level of intelligence from the Silvermoon Rat. The Silvermoon Rat’s combat standards already rivaled that of an elite player.

As the Silvermoon Rat gleefully charged at Shi Feng, the two Tier 2 Demons had circled to its sides, and each launched an attack at its blind spots.

Arrogance flashed in the Silvermoon Rat’s beady eyes. It then backflipped, dodging the Demons’ attacks.

The outcome didn’t particularly surprise Shi Feng as he maintained a calm expression.

Meanwhile, the Silvermoon Rat, which was still in the midst its backflip, discovered an eight-meter tall, Level 65, Tier 3 Shadow Lion behind it. The Shadow Lion brandished its claws at the rat.

Boom!

The lion slapped the Silvermoon Rat to the ground, the impact ripping an agonized screech from the Demonic Beast. Its HP decreased by over 700,000.

This move was none other than the Shadow Lion’s Tier 3 Skill, Shadow Assault.

This move was similar to the combination of the Assassin class’s Shadow Steps and Ambush. Moreover, it was an AOE attack, so it was impossible to dodge at a close range.

By using Dragon Breath, Shi Feng had determined the Silvermoon Rat’s combat standards. After determining its combat standards, he used the two Demons to launch a feint, leaving room for the Silvermoon Rat to dodge. He responded by directing the Shadow Lion to injure the rat.

After his plan succeeded, Shi Feng switched to the Aura of Fire and activated Firestorm.

As the Silvermoon Rat’s body had been embedded in the ground, it couldn’t dodge the raging inferno in time.

The Silvermoon Rat screeched again as the scorching flames engulfed it, its HP decreasing rapidly. Suddenly, its blood-red eyes turned pitch-black. Despite the raging inferno, the surrounding temperature dropped.

“Roar!”

The Silvermoon Rat suddenly released a deafening roar. It began to transform. Not only did it grow larger, but its dark-gray fur had also turned silvery-white. Its single tail split into three, and it now had four front legs rather than two. A pitch-black horn protruded from its forehead.

This is insane! It’s forcing its evolution?!

Shi Feng frowned.