Chapter 1290 - Display Of Strength

Chapter 1290 – Display of Strength

How is this possible?! Doesn’t he work for a Gaming Workshop?!

Qin Shuyu stared at Shi Feng incredulously as the latter entered the VIP entrance. She couldn’t believe her eyes.

Every person she had watched go in through that entrance was an influential fighter in Jin Hai City, yet Shi Feng boldly walked through the doors. Moreover, even the security guards had treated him with respect.

How was he not doing well after graduating? He had risen to an entirely different level.

“So the rumors were true!”

Her companions’ jaws had dropped as they stared at the VIP entrance.

When they thought about how they had planned to sell Shi Feng a back-row ticket, they realized the idea was laughable. Fortunately, they had not actually tried to sell him the ticket. Otherwise, they would have humiliated themselves.

“Senior Shuyu, aren’t you very familiar with Senior Shi Feng? I’m very interested in gaming. If there is an opportunity, would you introduce us?” a petite girl with big, round eyes and cherry red lips asked Qin Shuyu with anticipation.

“Ah… Mhm… If there is an opportunity… I’ll introduce you…” Qin Shuyu muttered, wearing an indescribably awkward expression.

…

Meanwhile, in the sports arena’s VIP Hall…

Upper echelons from the various dojos and training centers, as well as influential figures from the various cities, had gathered, chatting merrily.

Only, despite the sounds of laughter that filled the hall, an intense hostility snapped between them.

When three of the White Tiger Dojo’s people entered, practically every upper echelon shifted their gazes to the newcomers.

Among these three, the one leading the group was a middle-aged man in his mid-30s. The man gave off a peaceful aura. Of the two men beside him, one was Gan Xingteng, the representative instructor for Jin Hai City’s White Tiger Dojo, while the other was Xie Qiwen, White Tiger Dojo’s rising star.

“What?! Jiang Tianyuan is here?!”

“Seeing as Jiang Tianyuan is attending, this competition must be quite important to the White Tiger Dojo.”

When the crowd saw the middle-aged man, Jiang Tianyuan, they spoke in hushed whispers.

In the fighting world, Jiang Tianyuan had been a superstar in the past. He had participated in multiple international competitions and had placed quite well. During his youth, he had been practically unrivaled among his peers within the country. The White Tiger Dojo had raised him to the position of advanced instructor at a very young age. He had even become a Hall Master, managing over a dozen branches. Jiang Tianyuan was definitely one of the White Tiger Dojo’s core upper echelons. Even the dojo’s Head Hall Master treated him with respect.

The fact that such an important figure had set foot in a backwater city like Jin Hai City proved that the White Tiger Dojo intended to do anything possible to win this competition. The minor dojos and training centers clearly had no chance of winning.

“Qiwen, are the arrangements for the competition complete?” Jiang Tianyuan asked quietly after he greeted the various VIPs.

“Hall Master, everything is complete. Once this competition is over, the White Tiger Dojo will secure all six cities,” Xie Qiwen reported, smiling.

“Good, then.” Jiang Tianyuan nodded. “However, I heard that the Big Dipper Dojo has a few skilled fighters. I’ve also heard that Lei Bao is now one of their instructors. Make sure our competitors do not grow complacent.”

“Hall Master, rest assured; we’ve investigated the Big Dipper Dojo’s situation. Among their 20-year-old and younger members, none are exceptional. I am sure that some other dojo or training center will deal with Big Dipper before we have to,” Xie Qiwen said confidently.

If the woman named Fire Dance, who had defeated Gan Xingteng in a single move, took part in this competition, they would have to take Big Dipper seriously. However, none of the dojo’s new members had any talent to speak of, much less strength.

Compared to the Big Dipper Dojo, the other dojos and training centers posed were a greater threat.

“Right, who have you chosen to be our third representative in this competition?” Jiang Tianyuan asked. “I’ve heard that both You Ziping and Liao Huajie have performed considerably well thus far. Although Liao Huajie is one of the main branch’s elites, You Ziping is nearly skilled enough to become an advanced apprentice.”

“After some discussion, we’ve decided on Liao Huajie as our third representative. At the end of the day, You Ziping is too young. Although You Ziping has the advantage when it comes to the basics, he doesn’t have as much combat experience as Liao Huajie,” Xie Qiwen explained, smiling.

“What a pity. This is a good opportunity to accumulate experience. After all, that child is quite talented.” After Jiang Tianyuan considered the matter, he agreed with Xie Qiwen. The competition was extremely important. If it weren’t, he would not mind letting You Ziping take part in it instead.

However, Jiang Tianyuan only played with this thought. After all, neither Liao Huajie nor You Ziping was skilled enough to attract his attention. He had only asked because You Ziping was one of his daughter’s friends.

…

Elsewhere in the arena…

“Head Instructor Shi, you’re finally here.” When Xiao Yu saw Shi Feng enter the room, he hurriedly welcomed the latter. Anxiously, he asked, “How is the team coming along?”

The competition was about to start, yet the Big Dipper’s Chairman was utterly unfamiliar with his team’s condition. To make matters worse, quite a few influential figures within Jin Hai City were concerned and had repeatedly asked him about Big Dipper’s representatives.

Meanwhile, he could only smile in response. He didn’t have any answers for them…

“They should be alright,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

Hearing Shi Feng’s vague reply, Xiao Yu was speechless. He even wondered if Shi Feng was concerned at all.

However, Xiao Yu’s requirement wasn’t overly high. As long as they didn’t lose too miserably, he’d be satisfied.

After all, the White Tiger Dojo had dispatched its elites from the main branch.

Although Xiao Yu tried to say something more, the bell signaled the start of the competition. Everyone immediately turned towards the arena.

The large sports arena, which was capable of accommodating 50,000 spectators, was filled to the brim. The venue was extremely lively, and even some of the contestants, who participated in fighting competitions frequently, grew tense.

Of all the people that had applied to join the competition, a total of 768 people had qualified. These people would be divided into 32 groups of 24. Only one person from each group would proceed to the official competition. It was a cruel elimination round. Each dojo and training center’s three contestants would be divided into different groups.

Thirty-two platforms had been set up inside the arena. Hence, all 32 groups could compete simultaneously without wasting time. The audience would get their fill of exciting fights. A virtual screen had also been set up in the arena’s center, displaying the winners of each round. Naturally, the more winners a dojo or training center possessed, the more powerful they would be. The results would allow the audience to judge just how strong the various dojos and training centers were.

Although the White Tiger Dojo called this a friendly match, everyone knew that it was a ploy to show off its strength and the difference between itself and the other organizations.

Following which, the contestants entered the arena. They moved towards the platform corresponding to their groups. Seeing the various contestants, the audience seated grew excited.

“Look! Isn’t that Gu Chen, one of the White Tiger Dojo’s geniuses?! A frequent participant in the national competition is actually taking part in this competition?!”

“Huh?! Isn’t that beauty Yi Yuqing?! I heard that she is a female genius second only to Tang Jingyao in the White Tiger Dojo. If she’s here as well, there’s no need for this competition. The final match will definitely be between Yi Yuqing and Gu Chen.”

…

As the audience watched the White Tiger Dojo’s representatives approach the stages, they were stunned.

Meanwhile, the various dojos and training centers’ upper echelons paled at the sight.

With two of the White Tiger Dojo’s geniuses participating in this competition, how could they compete?

Xie Qiwen, who watched from the VIP stands, suddenly noticed a familiar figure on Platform No. 14.

This figure was none other than You Ziping.

“Why is he here?!” Xie Qiwen was flabbergasted.