Chapter 1298 - You'Re Not The Only One Who Knows

Chapter 1298 – You’re Not the Only One Who Knows

Knowing that she couldn’t avoid Yi Yuqing’s fierce punch, Yu Qiaoqiao clenched her free hand into a fist and aimed a punch for Yi Yuqing’s wrist.

The instant her fist met the young woman’s wrist, however, she felt as if she had punched a steel wall.

Fortunately, the force behind her punch diverted Yi Yuqing’s attack trajectory slightly, the latter’s punch missing her shoulder and only tearing her clothing.

When Yi Yuqing saw that her first hit had failed, she followed up with another, giving Yu Qiaoqiao no time to breathe.

Limit Removal was a double-edged sword.

Ordinary people could only exert up to 20% of their muscle strength, with their minds suppressing the remaining 80%. However, the White Tiger Dojo had a secret technique that allowed one to loosen this suppression with breathing techniques and mental training. Although this technique only removed a small portion of the limiter, it increased one’s strength, speed, and reaction speed tremendously.

However, in return, one would damage their own muscles and weaken their internal organs.

The Limit Removal technique was the equivalent of trading one’s lifeforce for strength temporarily. If one used this technique for too long, they could die. After all, human’s minds suppressed their strength to protect the body.

Even though Yi Yuqing had trained constantly as a professional fighter, which made her much tougher than ordinary people, it was very risky to use Limit Removal. She wouldn’t use it unless absolutely necessary.

If not for Xie Qiwen’s promise to pay for her recovery and the White Tiger Dojo’s reputation being at risk, she wouldn’t have even considered using the trump card.

Yi Yuqing launched a series of rapid punches. Meanwhile, Yu Qiaoqiao tried her best to block while struggling to break free from Yi Yuqing’s hold. However, Yi Yuqing’s control grew more precise, which made it increasingly difficult for Yu Qiaoqiao to block her attacks.

Yi Yuqing’s punches were like bullets from a machine gun. They were both fierce and powerful. The strong wind from her punches stirred the dirt and dust on the stage. The audience was stupefied.

“So strong! Is this the genius that will succeed Tang Jingyao in the White Tiger Dojo in the future?”

“Why do I have the feeling that Yi Yuqing is even stronger than Gu Chen? In Gu Chen’s fight against that Evil Fire fellow, his punches only caused some sound. Yi Yuqing’s punches are sending dirt into the air. Just how strong is she?”

“Is this the White Tiger Dojo’s true strength? She’s inhuman.”

…

Compared to the audience in the spectator stands, however, the fighters below stage were truly shocked. After all, nobody knew just how strong Yi Yuqing was.

“A monster!”

“Thank goodness I wasn’t matched with her. She’d knock me out with a single punch.”

“As expected of one of the White Tiger Dojo’s geniuses. She can contend with national fighters. It seems the White Tiger Dojo will be this competition’s champion.”

The fighters below stage felt their skin grow cold as they watched Yi Yuqing’s violent display.

…

Meanwhile, in the VIP stands, Jiang Tianyuan watched the battle in silence. Although he didn’t express joy, he didn’t seem dissatisfied either. Seeing this, Xie Qiwen breathed a sigh of relief.

Hahaha! Good! As expected of Tang Jingyao’s future successor! Her Limit Removal’s efficiency should be at around 30% or so. Although she is still slightly weaker than Gu Chen, only experts from the other top dojos should be any match for her now.

Xie Qiwen sneered as he watched Yu Qiaoqiao’s defense crumble.

One of the reasons that the White Tiger Dojo had become one of the best dojos in the country was this Limit Removal secret technique. Of course, the other top dojos and training centers had their own similar techniques, though there were slight variations.

This was why other dojos and training centers had no hope against the top establishments.

However, this kind of secret technique was extremely difficult to learn; not everybody could master it.

Both Gu Chen and Yi Yuqing were known as geniuses in the White Tiger Dojo because they had grasped this secret technique. Hence, they were showered with attention and resources in the dojo.

Normally, the dojo only permitted the use of Limit Removal during national competitions as the technique took a toll on the user’s body. After all, one would need a lot of time and resources to recover.

However, Xie Qiwen couldn’t care less right now.

He would rather get reprimanded and compensate Yi Yuqing with S-rank Nutrient Fluids, dwindling his limited stockpile, than lose this friendly competition.

Big Dipper, just you wait! I’ll repay this debt sooner or later!

Xie Qiwen glared at Shi Feng and the others, plotting his revenge.

…

Meanwhile, on Xiao Yu’s side…

“We’re finished… Yi Yuqing has been hiding her strength all this time. With such strength, who could defeat her?” Seeing Yi Yuqing suppress her opponent, Xiao Yu began to have regrets. If he had tried to persuade Shi Feng, they might have obtained the Green God Company’s invitation card. Now, however, they would lose everything.

The other upper echelons were similarly stunned.

Rumors indicated that Gu Chen was stronger than Yi Yuqing. Now, however, it would seem that the opposite was true. If they compared their own disciples against this young woman, the difference between them would be like the difference between an adult and a child.

Hiding her strength, huh?

When Shi Feng saw the veins popping on Yi Yuqing’s arms and forehead, he realized something.

The White Tiger Dojo sure is willing to splurge. They’re using Limit Removal in such a small competition. Aren’t they afraid that it would affect their performance in the national

competition?

At present, very few in the fighting industry knew about Limit Removal.

In ten years, though, the move would be common.

This was all due to God’s Domain. After all, God’s Domain had the technology to develop the human brain’s potential. With a well-developed brain, it wasn’t unusual for someone to be capable of removing their body’s limiters.

It was likely that no one fully understood the pros and cons of the Limit Removal technique yet.

As for Yu Qiaoqiao, who was currently overwhelmed, Shi Feng wasn’t worried.

After all, Limit Removal wasn’t unique to the White Tiger Dojo. Moreover, compared to the Limit Removal technique in Shi Feng’s past, the present techniques were laughably crude.

…

Meanwhile, on the stage, just as Yi Yuqing’s fist was about to strike Yu Qiaoqiao’s shoulder…

Yi Yuqing’s fist suddenly froze.

What’s going on?

Yu Yiqing was shocked when she couldn’t move her fist. Before she realized it, Yu Qiaoqiao had caught her wrist. Not only that, but she had broken free of the latter’s hold. It was as if her entire arm had frozen in place.