Chapter 1297 - Limit Removal

Chapter 1297 – Limit Removal

Although Yu Qiaoqiao and Yi Yuqing had just approached the stage and were waiting for the match to start, the various upper echelons in the VIP stands were exceptionally excited.

Nobody had expected that this friendly competition would reach this point.

This should’ve been a stage for the White Tiger Dojo to display its overwhelming might. Now, however, just getting into the semifinals was a problem.

Meanwhile, Xie Qiwen wore a twisted expression. He had never thought that Gu Chen would be so useless as to lose to some unknown fighter. With this, the White Tiger Dojo’s reputation was soiled. Meanwhile, as the person responsible for handling this competition, he couldn’t escape blame.

“Xingteng, contact Big Dipper immediately. If they are willing to forsake the competition, I will give them the Green God Company’s invitation. We can both still benefit. If they refuse and Yi Yuqing takes the championship, they’ll get nothing,” Xie Qiwen quietly instructed Gan Xingteng, who sat beside him.

The current situation wasn’t in his favor. Although Yi Yuqing was very strong, at the end of the day, she was no match for Gu Chen.

Gu Chen had only lost to Evil Fire because he hadn’t dared to go all out. It was difficult to guarantee that Yi Yuqing would not make the same mistake.

Xie Qiwen did not want to take this risk. In any case, the dojos and training centers’ main goal in this competition was the Green God Company’s invitation card. If the Big Dipper Dojo accepted his offer, not only would they do the White Tiger Dojo a favor, but they’d also receive the invitation card. This was a heaven-sent opportunity to a small dojo like Big Dipper.

Gan Xingteng immediately left the VIP stands and contacted Xiao Yu, notifying the man of Xie Qiwen’s offer.

…

“Big Brother, did something happen?” Xiao Yan asked curiously when he noticed Xiao Yu’s hesitant expression while he was on a call.

The Big Dipper Dojo had already garnered quite a bit of fame during this friendly competition. It wouldn’t have any issues expanding past Jin Hai City in the future. This should be cause for celebration, not concern.

“It’s the White Tiger Dojo. They’ve offered a deal. If we forfeit, they will compensate us with the Green God Company’s invitation,” Xiao Yu explained.

At the end of the day, the White Tiger Dojo was still one of the best dojos in the country.

If Big Dipper won the championship, while it would indeed help to further its reputation, but it would also provoke the White Tiger Dojo. The Big Dipper Dojo would have some trouble expanding into other cities, particularly first- and second-tier cities.

However, if Big Dipper conceded this competition, it would benefit their expansion.

“…” Even Xiao Yan hesitated for a moment. However, he shifted his gaze to Shi Feng and said, “Big Brother, rather than deciding ourselves, why don’t we let Shi Feng make the decision? After all, Shi Feng is the dojo’s manager. The dojo’s development should be left to him.”

“I guess that’s true.” Xiao Yu smiled bitterly. After all, he wasn’t responsible for the Big Dipper Dojo’s management. Rather than having a headache over this matter, it was better to leave it to Shi Feng. While Shi Feng looked young and immature, his mind was anything but. The only reason the Big Dipper Dojo had come this far was Shi Feng. If he decided on his own, and Shi Feng disagreed, it would sour their working relationship.

Following which, Xiao Yu passed Xie Qiwen’s message to Shi Feng.

“Head Instructor Shi, what do you think?” Xiao Yu looked at Shi Feng, curious as to what decision the youth would make.

The White Tiger Dojo’s favor wasn’t easy to earn. If the Big Dipper Dojo tried to expand to first- and second-tier cities, it would run into the White Tiger Dojo.

Moreover, it was not a guarantee that they would win the championship. If they rejected this offer, they might lose the opportunity to obtain the Green God Company’s invitation.

The White Tiger Dojo’s offer didn’t particularly surprise Shi Feng. Straightforwardly, he responded, “Chairman Xiao, tell them that we can get the Green God Company’s invitation by ourselves. We don’t need their charity.”

The White Tiger Dojo was a frightening organization. As one of the best dojos in the country, it had branch dojos in practically every first- and second-tier city.

Shi Feng understood Xiao Yu’s thoughts. If he hadn’t been reincarnated, he really would’ve been tempted to accept this offer as well. After all, getting in the good graces of a top dojo would make things easier when the Big Dipper Dojo expanded into first- and second-tier cities.

Unfortunately, the future was in God’s Domain!

The Big Dipper Dojo had only recently established. If he wanted to recruit talented players and quickly increase the dojo’s fame, this friendly competition was the best stepping stone available. He could not let this opportunity get away.

If he waited a few more months, the other dojos and training centers would monopolize many talented players. He was in a race against time. Did he have enough to waste with the White Tiger Dojo?

“This… If we do this…” Xiao Yu was stupefied. He had never expected such a clear-cut response from Shi Feng.

This was the White Tiger Dojo they were talking about!

If they humiliated the White Tiger Dojo today, the Big Dipper Dojo would suffer from its wrath later.

However, seeing Shi Feng’s determination and taking into account that the youth had full management rights for the Big Dipper Dojo, Xiao Yu would not offer a differing opinion. He sighed as he had no choice but to relay the decision to Gan Xingteng.

…

“What? They refused?” Xie Qiwen asked again, thinking he had heard wrong.

“They said that they will obtain the Green God Company’s invitation by themselves…” Gan Xingteng had also thought he had heard wrong. However, Xiao Yu’s answer had been definitive.

“Good! Excellent!” At this moment, Xie Qiwen’s expression was as cold as ice. He had never thought that a little dojo would dare oppose him. “Let’s wait and see, then! Notify Yi Yuqing right away. The dojo’s reputation is at risk now. If need be, have her remove her limiter. I’ll cover the recovery expenses myself!”

Initially, Gan Xingteng had been excited when he heard Xie Qiwen’s words. After all, he would finally get an opportunity to witness a Limit Removal, yet he began to worry as he responded, “But Boss, if we expose that move here, we’ll get in trouble with the main branch.”

“I’ll take responsibility for it. I want to show these no-name dojos and training centers that, no matter how much they try, their efforts are futile!” Xie Qiwen sneered as he glanced at Shi Feng.

…

On the main stage…

Both Yu Qiaoqiao and Yi Yuqing eyed each other, carefully observing the other party’s movements. As soon as the referee swung his hands down and announced the start of the match, both fighters dashed forward, invading into each other’s attack range.

Although Yi Yuqing’s attacks seemed soft and light, they were incredibly fierce. Every punch and palm strike sounded like an explosion, overwhelming the audience.

Although Yi Yuqing was a girl, she had already achieved a 550 kg punch. Over a century ago, her punches would have qualified her for a boxing championship. She was fully capable of punching holes through concrete walls and crushing stones in her palm. She could even put an ordinary person’s life at risk with one hit.

Against Yi Yuqing’s overwhelming attacks, any normal person would’ve retreated. However, Yu Qiaoqiao did not. Instead, she launched her own barrage of attacks, her hands moving like whips as they clashed with Yi Yuqing’s attacks. Her momentum was no slower than Yi Yuqing’s. Moreover, every time she blocked an attack, a loud crash would echo throughout the venue.

This scene stupefied the audience at the spectator stands. Both fighters exchanged blows constantly, attacking and defending nonstop. In the blink of an eye, Yu Qiaoqiao and Yi Yuqing had exchanged numerous moves. The audience could not keep up with the two girls.

This continued for over a dozen seconds without either side securing an advantage.

It was obvious that neither side would have an easy victory.

Seeing the fight going nowhere, Yi Yuqing backed away. With a confused expression, she then said, “I haven’t found a single weakness in your defense even after our exchange. It really is hard to imagine why an expert like you would join a small dojo that has no history.”

In terms of strength and speed, she was clearly a cut above Yu Qiaoqiao. However, Yu Qiaoqiao continued to find holes in her defense, forcing her to parry or dodge and preventing her from exhibiting her full strength. Rather than a teenage girl, Yi Yuqing felt as if she faced a veteran fighter who had participated in fighting competitions for over a dozen years. She even felt that Yu Qiaoqiao’s moves slightly resembled that of the savage Evil Fire.

If not for witnessing Evil Fire’s attack methods earlier, Yu Qiaoqiao would have caught her off guard.

Yi Yuqing suddenly caught sight of Gan Xingteng making hand gestures at her. These gestures were the White Tiger Dojo’s internal sign language, which all main branch disciples had to learn.

Has Xie Qiwen lost his mind? This is just a friendly competition. Is there a need to go so far?

Yi Yuqing could not help her surprise when she saw Gan Xingteng’s gestures.

Noticing that her opponent’s diverted attention, Yu Qiaoqiao took advantage of the distraction and advanced, using a superficial footwork technique. Following which, Yu Qiaoqiao seemed to flicker in an out of existence. By the time Yi Yuqing snapped back to attention, Yu Qiaoqiao had already circled to her side. Yu Qiaoqiao’s fist flew towards Yi Yuqing’s defenseless side.

Since she had noticed the attack too late, Yi Yuqing couldn’t dodge the fist normally.

As Yu Qiaoqiao’s fist was about to hit its mark, a black shadow darted and intercepted Yu Qiaoqiao’s fist.

Thud!

Even the referee, who stood over eight meters away, heard the dull sound.

How?!

Yu Qiaoqiao looked at Yi Yuqing in shock.

Her attack had been flawless. She had used the momentary distraction to circle to her opponent’s side and attack from a blind spot. Yi Yuqing shouldn’t have been able to defend herself.

Yet, the palm that had caught her fist belonged to none other than Yi Yuqing.

Most importantly, she had put her entire weight into that punch, yet Yi Yuqing had intercepted the hit. It felt as if she had punched a wall. It was unbelievable.

“You really are amazing. If I hadn’t used Limit Removal, you might have defeated me with that blow.” At this moment, Yi Yuqing sighed ruefully as she gripped Yu Qiaoqiao’s fist. “Originally, I had planned to save this move for the national competition. I never thought that I would be forced to use it so soon. However, since I have, this match is over.”

Saying so, Yi Yuqing squeezed Yu Qiaoqiao’s fist. No matter how much Yu Qiaoqiao struggled, she couldn’t break the hold. At this time, Yi Yuqing clenched her free hand into a fist and punched her trapped opponent. The instant she threw her punch, a loud explosion rang throughout the arena. She was both faster and stronger than before.