Chapter 1293 - Another Monster

Chapter 1293 – Another Monster

“He won, just like that?”

The audience was dumbfounded as they stared at Platform No.1’s Fu Jinghong.

Nobody had expected such an outcome. Moreover, the fight had ended so quickly.

However, among those present, the upper echelons in the VIP stands were the most surprised.

Although the general audience knew that Lu Jingshan was very strong, they didn’t know that he was as skilled as a national-level fighter. And such an expert had been defeated by a disciple from a dojo they had never heard of. This was unbelievable.

“The Big Dipper Dojo? Didn’t that dojo recently open?”

“Amazing. I thought the rumors about Big Dipper recruiting a master were lies. It seems they are actually true!”

“That guy defeated Lu Jingshan so easily. Doesn’t this mean he already qualifies to join the national competition?”

“After this competition is over, I have to apply for the Big Dipper Dojo!”

The majority of the audience found the unexpected outcome ] inconceivable. However, after considering the matter carefully, they realized how impressive the Big Dipper Dojo truly was. After all, none of them had ever heard of Fu Jinghong before. The Big Dipper Dojo must be impressive if it nurtured such an extraordinary fighter.

The audience members aspiring to become professional fighters stared at the stage with bloodshot eyes. They were all eager to join the Big Dipper Dojo.

Even if they couldn’t become national-level fighters, they wouldn’t have to worry about putting food on their table for the rest of their lives if they joined the ranks of provincial-level fighters.

Due to the focus on Fu Jinghong and Lu Jingshan’s fight, the spectators discussed the Big Dipper Dojo for a time. The more they talked about the dojo, the more enthusiastic they became. In the blink of an eye, the Big Dipper Dojo had garnered a lot of fame.

…

Well, I won’t have to worry about my marketing plans.

When Shi Feng noticed the heated discussions in the other audience stands, with some even expressing their intent to join the dojo, he considered this a good opportunity to advertise the Big Dipper Dojo.

The White Tiger Dojo was trying to occupy the various third-tier cities because it wanted to recruit more talented fighters as leverage during its negotiations with international corporations. After all, everyone had already learned that talented fighters had an easier time becoming experts in God’s Domain. Hence, instead of blindly recruiting players in God’s Domain and hoping to find hidden gems, it was far more efficient to recruit talented fighters and train them in the game.

Although the Big Dipper Dojo had already been established in Jin Hai City for quite some time now, only those in the fighting industry knew its reputation. The general public didn’t know much about the organization. If he could use this opportunity to gain some publicity for the dojo and lure more people into applying, this would allow Zero Wing to recruit talented fighters for internal nurturing.

Although Zero Wing had already recruited plenty of talents, at the end of the day, the Guild had too few. Zero Wing didn’t even have enough experts to give first-rate Guilds a run for their money, much less super-first-rate Guilds.

Of course, the Guild’s lack of funding was the main reason for this. It couldn’t afford to nurture a lot of players at once yet. However, Shi Feng had no intentions of selling his God’s Domain resources for Credits as it was his monetary resource in God’s Domain. In the future, these resources would become even more valuable. Selling them now would be the epitome of foolishness. Hence, he was forced to recruit talented players slowly.

…

I thought he was just some newcomer who couldn’t even pass the city’s qualifiers?

Xie Qiwen was confused.

Was there an error in the report? Or did he hide his strength intentionally?

The fact that Fu Jinghong had defeated Lu Jingshan proved that he was not a mere reserve fighter, yet no matter how Xie Qiwen looked at it, it shouldn’t be possible for a city-level fighter to grow to a national level within a short period.

I have really underestimated the Big Dipper Dojo to think they would have such a hidden trump card.

Xie Qiwen could not help but shift his gaze towards Shi Feng. Sneering, he muttered, “Although I’ve allowed you all to gain some fame, do you really think the championship will be that easy to win?”

He hadn’t expected the Big Dipper Dojo to have an expert capable of defeating Lu Jingshan. However, Gu Chen and Yi Yuqing had no cause for concern.

…

Meanwhile, Shadow Sword, Fu Jinghong, was still dazed as he remained on Platform No. 1.

“I won, just like that?” Fu Jinghong muttered as he watched the medics carry away Lu Jingshan on a stretcher. He questioned his own performance. “Was that really Lu Jingshan?”

He had challenged the city qualifiers twice before. However, he had been eliminated both times. Meanwhile, Lu Jingshan was an expert who actively participated in provincial-level competitions. The difference between them was like heaven and earth. Logically, he shouldn’t have been able to win.

Yet, although Lu Jingshan’s attacks had been fierce and powerful, he counted plenty of weaknesses in Lu Jingshan’s stances. Most importantly, Lu Jingshan had telegraphed his attacks with his body language, which allowed him to predict his opponent’s strikes. As a result, not only had he easily avoided Lu Jingshan’s attacks, but he had also blocked Lu Jingshan’s seemingly-unblockable Chaotic Arrow Strikes. This was a basic mistake that no expert should make.

Of course, he hadn’t realized his own abilities earlier, either. He had only learned about these factors after training with Lei Bao and sparring with Cola and the others. However, learning about these flaws was one thing. Putting this newfound knowledge to proper use was another altogether. To do so, he had arduously trained to execute Void Steps in God’s Domain and utilized the S-rank Nutrient Fluids to recover from the exhaustion, gradually increasing his brain activity.

Only, even after his training, Cola and the other still beat him mercilessly…

…

Meanwhile, in the VIP stands, Shi Feng wasn’t surprised in the least to see this outcome.

Shadow Sword was immensely talented. He could easily see this in the young man’s performance in God’s Domain. But there were a lot of differences between combat in God’s Domain and fights in the real world. If one wished to use their combat experience in the game in the real world, they needed to adapt. After all, one’s body in the real world was different from their body in God’s Domain. There were minute differences between the way one controlled these two bodies. Of course, with proper guidance, one could adapt easily.

Over the past three days, Shadow Sword had trained with Lei Bao continuously. He had also received plenty of Nutrient Fluids to aid his body’s growth and repair. Most importantly, thanks to the S-rank Nutrient Fluids, his mental capabilities had evolved, allowing his five senses to become far more sensitive.

Coupled with Shadow Sword’s wealth of combat experience, it was only a matter of course for him to defeat someone like Lu Jingshan, who had very little combat experience.

…

Once the match on Platform No. 1 ended, the matches on the other platforms began. The fights here were much more exciting than the city’s annual fighting competition, so the audience’s blood boiled as they watched.

After watching Fu Jinghong defeat Lu Jingshan, who had been a favorite to win, the other fighters on Platform No. 1 weren’t so desperate to win. If they didn’t think that they could defeat their opponent, they simply surrendered. After all, they still had to participate in official competitions once this friendly competition ended. Unless absolutely necessary, they would avoid injury.

Aside from Platform No.1, some eye-catching experts emerged on the other platforms. The White Tiger Dojo’s three experts, in particular, struck fear in their opponents, extinguishing their plans for overcoming the elimination round.

Meanwhile, the match on Platform No. 28 ended within less than five seconds.

A robust man that was 1.9 meters tall was thrown from the platform, tearing a gasp from the spectators.

If the person responsible were a muscular man, they wouldn’t have been surprised. However, the victor was a charming beauty with an hourglass figure.

With a single punch, this beauty had sent a 1.9-meter-tall man flying over three meters away and off the platform’s edge.

The waiting fighters sucked in a breath of cold air when they saw this. Suddenly, they were afraid of this beauty.

“What kind of monstrous strength does she possess!?”

“Crap! Just who is she?!”

…

Everyone began to evaluate the young woman. Meanwhile, the various dojos and training centers’ upper echelons began to investigate this mysterious girl.

When they discovered her identity, they nearly cried out in shock.

This girl was actually one of the Big Dipper Dojo’s representatives, Turtledove, Yu Qiaoqiao.