Chapter 1305 - Perfecting Sword'S Orbit

Chapter 1305 – Perfecting Sword’s Orbit

Shi Feng frowned as he watched the NPC alchemist approach.

However, since this NPC alchemist didn’t seem to be in a hurry, it did not seem as if he had been discovered. Unfortunately, the fact that the NPC was heading towards him was still a problem.

Although the alchemist before him wasn’t as terrifying as Raymond, it was still astoundingly powerful.

–

[Berenwoka] (Human, Great Mage)

Level 70

HP 7,450,000/7,450,000

–

NPCs might have less HP than monsters and Demons of the same level, but when it came to combat techniques and the number of Skills they possessed, NPCs were leaps and bounds above monsters and Demons. While many experts could contend with Tier 3 monsters, if they tried fighting a Tier 3 NPC, they would be snuffed out of existence. Players most hated enemies were NPCs.

Although the Research Room was large, there was no place for Shi Feng to hide. Moreover, there was only one path behind him. He couldn’t avoid Berenwoka’s detection.

With no other choice, Shi Feng retreated from the room temporarily. He planned to hide in the Alchemy Room while he thought of another way to loot the Research Room.

However, after leaving the Research Room, Shi Feng discovered a magic barrier sealing off the path towards the Alchemy Room. Unfortunately, the hallway he was in was void of obstructions; one could see everything in it with a single glance.

Should I leave the tower for now?

Shi Feng glanced towards the path leading outside. However, he quickly shook the thought from his mind.

The path to the Alchemy Room had been sealed off after he had explored and left it. If he left the research area now, he might not be able to get back in. If that happened, he would lose his opportunity to explore the Research Room.

Aside from the God Crystals, precious alchemy tools, and research materials the Research Room contained, Raymond’s Seven Luminaries Source Stone was enough of a reason to keep Shi Feng from leaving. After all, how was he supposed to deal with the Demon King without it?

It seems that I have no choice but to fight.

Shi Feng’s gaze drifted back to the Research Room’s door.

With the situation as it was, both of his available options would lead to his death. His only hope was to defeat Berenwoka. He’d fail his quest if he didn’t.

Following which, Shi Feng summoned Anna and Kite.

When he had used the teleportation array to enter the tower earlier, Anna and Kite hadn’t teleported with him. They should both still be in the herb garden, so he needed to summon them once again.

Although Anna and Kite were not as high-tiered as Berenwoka, their combat power was no weaker than an ordinary Tier 3 NPC’s. Shi Feng had only wanted to avoid a fight with the NPC alchemist for fear of attracting Raymond’s attention. If Raymond noticed him, only death would await him. However, now that he had retreated quite a distance away from the Research Room, he didn’t need to hold back.

Huh? I can’t summon them?

Shi Feng looked at the two unresponsive Summon Guard Scrolls in his hands, his chest tightening.

Suddenly, the door to the Research Room opened slowly. The hallway was less than 40 yards long. As soon as the Berenwoka left the Research Room, he noticed Shi Feng.

“Despicable intruder! You dare intrude on this holy land! Guards!” Berenwoka shouted.

Berenwoka was very loud, and his voice echoed throughout the research area.

“Damn it!”

Shi Feng hadn’t considered that Berenwoka would call for reinforcements. Not only couldn’t he summon his Personal Guards, but now, he also had to deal with more enemies.

Fortunately, a magic array isolated the Research Room from the outside world. No one within the room would hear them out here.

Shi Feng reacted quickly.

Immediately, he activated the Aura of Time’s Absolute Time, preventing all enemies within range from using any Spells or tools. NPCs were no exception.

Heavenly Dragon’s Power!

Blade Liberation!

Instant Strike!

Shi Feng wouldn’t be careless against a Tier 3 NPC. Moreover, now that Berenwoka had called for reinforcements, he would die if he didn’t end this before more enemies showed up. He instantly activated Twofold Berserk, his Basic Attributes skyrocketing. With the buff, his Basic Attributes far surpassed any Tier 3 player of the same level. In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng appeared before Berenwoka.

Sword’s Orbit!

A galaxy of stars appeared around Shi Feng, resplendent and eye-catching.

As Shi Feng executed Sword’s Orbit, he felt the technique reach new heights.

After consuming five Moonlight Fruits, his physique had permanently improved by 10%. He now had the physique of a Tier 2 player. Hence, his physical control and flexibility had skyrocketed.

Berenwoka drowned in starlight. However, Berenwoka was a Tier 3 Great Mage. Even though he had been Silenced, he still had the Basic Attributes of a Tier 3 NPC. His physical attacks with his staff still posed a threat.

In God’s Domain, although magical classes typically bombarded their enemies with Spells, that did not mean they were incapable of melee combat. They were just not fond of it. Silencing a magical class would drastically weaken their combat power.

Unfortunately for Shi Feng, Berenwoka was extremely adept with his staff, defending and attacking. It was clear that he was executing some kind of advanced combat technique. Players might not be able to predict Sword’s Orbit’s attack trajectories, but the combat technique was nothing to Berenwoka. The NPC deflected every one of Shi Feng’s attacks.

What a brilliant defensive combat technique!

Shi Feng was surprised. He had never thought that Berenwoka had grasped a combat technique.

However, at the end of the day, Instant Strike was a Tier 2 Taboo Skill. Moreover, Sword’s Orbit had grown stronger.

Even if Berenwoka focused on defense, he couldn’t keep up with Shi Feng’s lightning-quick attacks.

Among the six strikes Shi Feng had sent at the mage, three had found their targets. With his cloth armor and weak Defense, three massive damages appeared above Berenwoka’s head.

-91,618!

-184,983!

-93,189!

In the blink of an eye, Berenwoka’s HP bar had dropped by a sizeable chunk.

After taking damage, Berenwoka’s anxiety surfaced on his pale features. Immediately, he began to retreat towards the Research Room while shouting, “Guards! Guards!”

“Don’t even think about running back into the room!”

Shi Feng quickly circled to Berenwoka’s back. Both the Abyssal Blade and Killing Ray bit into the mage, the impact sending the NPC flying over a dozen yards away, increasing the distance between Berenwoka and the Research Room.

Realizing that he was in trouble, Berenwoka wisely feld in the opposite direction. However, Shi Feng didn’t give the NPC the opportunity to get away as he pointed the Abyssal Blade at the NPC.

Abyssal Bind!

Suddenly, nine pitch-black chains emerged from the ground and bound Berenwoka, holding him still for Shi Feng.

Phantom Kill!

Nine Dragons Slash!

Unable to defend himself for three full seconds, Berenwoka’s HP decreased rapidly.

95%… 90%… 80%…

However, despite dealing frightening amounts of damage, Shi Feng did not feel the pressure on him decrease in the slightest.

When Absolute Time’s 30-second duration ran out, Berenwoka would be able to save himself. Shi Feng needed to kill the NPC before he ran out of time. Furthermore, Absolute Time was only fully effective against enemies of the same tier. Against Berenwoka, it wouldn’t be as effective. According to Shi Feng’s estimates, he’d be lucky if the Skill Silenced Berenwoka for half of the duration. Trying to kill Berenwoka in 15 seconds would test Shi Feng’s explosive power.

When Abyssal Bind and Instant Strike’s duration ran out, Berenwoka sneered at his enemy.

“Despicable intruder, I’m going to offer you to Lord Raymond as a guinea pig!” Berenwoka retreated while blocking Shi Feng’s attacks, which had slowed significantly. “Guards! Get over here and save me!”

Berenwoka was only 20 yards away from the hallway’s exit.

Shi Feng had only dealt so much damage and overcome Berenwoka’s defensive technique due to Instant Strike increasing his Attack Speed by 500% and damage by 400%. Now that the Taboo Skill was on Cooldown, Berenwoka had a much easier time defending himself. Even against Shi Feng and his doppelganger, Berenwoka easily blocked half of the attacks.

When Berenwoka’s HP fell to 43% and the NPC was about to leave the hallway, Shi Feng used everything he had left.

Abyssal Curse!

Suddenly, as if Berenwoka had just stepped in muck, he couldn’t move or attack.

Dragon Breath!

Divine Providence!

Both Shi Feng and his doppelganger used Flame Burst simultaneously and dealt a total of 30 devastating attacks. Every attack devoured over 100,000 of Berenwoka’s HP. Eventually, the NPC alchemist’s HP fell to zero. Berenwoka glared at Shi Feng with reluctance as he collapsed to the ground.