Chapter 1304 - Treasure Transforms

Chapter 1304 – Treasure Transforms

A thick layer of dust covered the stone tablet, and Mana circulated around it. After taking a few steps towards the table, Shi Feng was assaulted by an immense pressure.

“This is…Divine Might!”

Although the Divine Might was faint, and he only sensed it once he was within 10 yards of the table, Shi Feng could still feel himself grow a little sluggish.

He was excited.

Items only exuded Divine Might if they were frequently used or painstakingly crafted by a God. Needless to say, any item a God favored would be valuable.

While resisting the Divine Might, Shi Feng started to tidy up the table.

Although Divine Might was very powerful, the table only exuded a very faint trace of it. Shi Feng could still move normally as he stood less than a yard away from the table. Very quickly, Shi Feng removed most of the dust covering the table.

Books and materials littered the table. However, due to the passing of time, these items had long since eroded. Aside from some mysterious patterns carved into the table, Shi Feng could not find anything noteworthy.

“Could the table itself be exuding the Divine Might?” Shi Feng could not help but frown.

He could already tell that the table before him was a treasure.

The faint trace of Mana around the table would definitely aid refining and synthesis work. The table might even have other function that he hadn’t noticed yet. In any case, it was undoubtedly useful for alchemists.

Only, the stone table wasn’t like other items. It could not be stored in a player’s bag space. If Shi Feng wanted to take it with him, he would have to carry it.

Clearly, this wasn’t a viable option.

The alchemy table was the size of a pool table. Even if he could carry it, he did not have the leeway to carry it around with him.

If I can equip one of the Special Alchemy Rooms with this table, it could help the trading firm’s alchemists.

Shi Feng struggled with his disappointment.

Aside from alchemy tools, items such as this alchemy table were extremely precious. A good alchemy table could be as helpful as a Basic Secret Alchemy Technique.

However, since Shi Feng could not take the table with him, he had no choice but to take out the Soul Orb and absorb it.

Since the alchemy table radiated Divine Might, it could be considered as a God Crystal. One of the reasons he had chosen the Asura Mode Promotion Quest was to obtain a large number of God Crystals to lift the Demon God Paimon’s seal.

Please let it absorb this table!

Shi Feng silently prayed. He then clicked the “Absorb Divine Power” button on the Soul Orb’s interface and selected the alchemy table as the target.

Currently, no one owned the alchemy table. Shi Feng wasn’t sure if the Soul Orb could actually absorb an ownerless item. After all, he had never tried.

The Soul Orb immediately began to emit a dark smoke, which soon enveloped the table.

However, even after several seconds, there was no indication that the smoke was devouring its target.

“Don’t tell me it’s not possible,” Shi Feng muttered worriedly.

As soon as Shi Feng had said so, however, the sound of a system notification reached his ears.

–

System: Do you wish to allow the Soul Orb devour the Magic Alchemy Table?

–

Without hesitation, Shi Feng clicked the “Agree” button. The Magic Alchemy Table might even be more valuable than an Epic Weapon, but it was worthless if Shi Feng couldn’t take it with him. He would rather sacrifice such a treasure to lift the seal on the Soul Orb than leave it behind.

As Shi Feng clicked “Agree,” the Magic Alchemy Table began to radiate a golden glow. It was clearly trying to resist.

Unfortunately, the Soul Orb was the fragment of the Treasure of Illusion, an item on par with a Godly Relic. How could a measly Magic Alchemy Table resist it?

In the next moment, the Magic Alchemy Table melted at a speed visible to the naked eye. Streams of golden air flowed into the Soul Orb. In less than a minute, the Magic Alchemy Table had vanished. Meanwhile, the Soul Orb’s statistics had changed slightly.

Aside from the absorbed God Crystal counter increasing from 0 to 1, it now only required 95 player souls to form a drop of Soul Water.

Absorbing God Crystals has other effects?

Shi Feng could not help his surprise. He was instantly ecstatic.

If he didn’t need to absorb as many souls, he could craft Soul Water much faster.

Once he finished absorbing the Magic Alchemy Table, he activated Omniscient Eyes to search the room once again.

If he relied only on his five senses, it would take him a long time to find other items like the Magic Alchemy Table. He might even miss some. With the Omniscient Eyes, however, nothing within 100 yards of him could hide.

Sharlyn didn’t lie to me. A God’s previous residence has plenty of God Crystals to offer.

After activating Omniscient Eyes, Shi Feng discovered another potential God Crystal. This one was a broken chair. Shi Feng hadn’t noticed the Divine Might radiating from it earlier due to a suppression magic array, and since it was a broken chair, he hadn’t paid any attention to it.

Following which, Shi Feng absorbed this broken chair, increasing the God Crystal counter to 2.

To ensure that he didn’t miss any God Crystals, Shi Feng scoured the Alchemy Room. He scanned the entire room with Omniscient Eyes again and again.

This is surprising. A single room had four God Crystals. This is a huge harvest.

Shi Feng’s eyes burned with excitement when he saw that the Soul Orb only needed six more God Crystals to remove Paimon’s seal. He only needed 80 souls now to produce a drop of Soul Water.

The Soul Orb had been one of the Seven Treasures. However, due to Demon God Paimon, it couldn’t exert its true strength. The Flower of Seven Sins had nurtured hundreds of experts in the past, even without unlocking the Soul Orb’s full potential. If Shi Feng could use the Soul Orb without fear of repercussions, the outcome would be incredible.

After sweeping through the Alchemy Room, Shi Feng made his way towards the Research Room.

The Research Room was far more luxurious than the Alchemy Room as it had been used to invent high-end alchemical products. Until now, the only known location that could help players surpass the Master threshold to become Grandmasters were Titan City’s special rooms.

As soon as Shi Feng entered the Research Room, he froze.

Why is he here?!

Shi Feng felt as if he had just fallen into a death trap when he saw the familiar figure wandering around the Research Room.

This figure was none other than the Dark Wizard Raymond!

Currently, Raymond was in the midst of concocting a potion. Fortunately for Shi Feng, Raymond was very focused on his task. Including the several bookshelves that served as cover and the magic arrays to prevent interruption, Raymond did not discover Shi Feng immediately.

Even so, Shi Feng could feel a headache brewing.

The Research Room was different from the Alchemy Room. It had been well-maintained and was in excellent condition. Needless to say, this room contained several treasures. Even without using Omniscient Eyes, Shi Feng had already noticed two potential God Crystals. If he used Omniscient Eyes, he would discover many more. He might even find enough to lift the Soul Orb’s seal and still have some to repair other items.

Not to mention, the Moon God was famous for its alchemy research. Needless to say, the Moon God had spent a lot of time in this room.

Should I go in, or not?

Shi Feng knew that if he moved another ten yards into the room, Raymond would discover him. If he were discovered, he would die.

As Shi Feng considered his options, an NPC alchemist, who assisted Raymond, began to walk towards Shi Feng.

Crap! Have I been discovered?!