Chapter 1308 - Challenging The Dark Wizard

Chapter 1308 – Challenging the Dark Wizard

I recovered faster than I expected.

When Shi Feng logged back into God’s Domain, he inspected his status window, noticing that his Weakened state was already gone. He was back at his peak.

Although the increased time flow in the Dark Canyon was part of the reason for his speedy recovery, the research area’s high Mana density, which was much higher than in the outside world, had helped. As a result, his Weakened state’s duration had decreased significantly.

Following which, Shi Feng took two Sea God’s Blessing bottles from his bag and consumed them, his Resistances, particularly Magic Resistance, increasing by a total of 150 points. He then retrieved an Acceleration Scroll and gave himself the Acceleration buff. Following which, he switched his Swordsmanship Master title to the Basic Tyrant title, increasing his Fortitude by 30 points, Stamina by 20%, and all Basic Attributes by 5%.

After making a series of adjustments, Shi Feng pushed his Basic Attributes and Movement Speed to his current limit.

While Shi Feng had rested in his offline space, he had thought about how he would go about stealing the Seven Luminaries Source Stone. He had run through several simulations in his mind, afraid of the unexpected.

A Tier 5 Grand Wizard was an extremely dangerous opponent. The slightest mistake would result in his death.

While Shi Feng did not mind dying, his death would result in the loss of the Soul Orb. If he lost the Soul Orb now, he did not know how long it would take to find another one of the Seven Treasures again. He couldn’t lose the Soul Orb now.

Hopefully, the system won’t try to mess with me.

Shi Feng then carefully opened the Research Room door and snuck in.

Raymond was still immersed in his alchemy in the room. He had blocked every distraction from his mind as he focused on his research. Meanwhile, he had placed the Seven Luminaries Source stone above a research table in the center of a small, crimson magic array not far from him. This small magic array utilized the Seven Luminaries Source Stone as a power source, supplying the Mana Raymond needed to craft his item.

Shi Feng did not rush to snatch the Seven Luminaries Source Stone. Instead, he quietly examined the room’s layout and the items around the room.

As a God’s Domain expert, the first thing he needed to do when encountering a foreign environment was to adapt. This way, he could exert his maximum combat potential during a fight. This time, however, Shi Feng didn’t observe his surroundings just to adapt, but to locate the Research Room’s treasures as well.

He had only reached the Moon God’s Research Room, which had been excellently maintained, after many challenges. He’d do himself a disservice if he stole the Seven Luminaries Source Stone and ignored everything else.

Every item in the Research Room was sorely tempting.

The alchemy tools on the research tables alone were Dark-Gold rank. Even after a decade of playing God’s Domain, such tools had been incredibly precious. Every alchemist constantly hunted such treasures. Shi Feng even spotted a complete set on one of the research tables.

Aside from the alchemy tools, the Research Room had quite a few items that radiated Divine Might. The Moon God must have used them all frequently. Any one of these items could easily sell for over 100,000 Magic Crystals in an auction. There were also quite a few tattered designs on an experiment table.

These designs had been crafted with extremely valuable materials. Rather than the standard sheepskin parchment, the designs had been drawn on dragonskin. Only Gods would dare use a Dragon’s skin as parchment. Fortunately, dragonskin parchment would survive storage for tens of thousands of years.

As he carefully analyzed the Research Room, shock bubbled in Shi Feng’s chest.

The Research Room was a treasure trove. It could likely rival the Fallen Ark. If only the Dark Wizard Raymond weren’t present….

Raymond finally completed the item he had been working on. A golden ring, with a jewel radiating a seven-colored brilliance in its center, floated in the air before him. The jewel also released a frightening pressure. Even Shi Feng, who stood far outside of the Research Room’s magic array, felt a significant weight bearing down on him.

What is that?

Shi Feng stared at the golden ring curiously.

Very few items in God’s Domain, aside from items Gods had used, emitted that kind of pressure. Every one of these items was a masterpiece. The golden ring’s pressure could even rival Divine Might.

After completing the ring, Raymond’s hands stopped moving as he began to chant an incantation.

A fourfold magic array then appeared above the golden ring, absorbing the surrounding Mana and forcing it into the ring. Like a massive whale taking a breath, the golden ring sucked in the dense Mana, yet despite absorbing so much, the ring showed no signs of slowing…

A chance!

Watching the golden ring absorb Mana, Shi Feng knew that this the crucial moment to act. If he missed this opportunity, he wasn’t likely to get another. Immediately, Shi Feng activated Phantom Kill and had his doppelganger stay near the Research Room’s entrance, keeping the door open. He then dashed towards Raymond.

–

[Raymond (Dark Shaman King)] (Human, Grand Wizard)

Level 72

HP ? ? ? ? ? ?/ ? ? ? ? ? ?

–

Although Raymond was only Level 72, he was a Tier 5 NPC. He detected the fluctuations in the magic array almost immediately, which Shi Feng had caused as he ran through it. When Raymond realized that he had an intruder, his gaze turned cold.

“Die!” Without hesitation, Raymond waved his wrinkled arm and gestured towards Shi Feng.

Five magic arrays of different colors formed at his fingertips, overlapping. The amount of Mana around Raymond’s palm even made Shi Feng shudder with fear.

This is insane! He’s using Elemental Crush, right off the bat?

As soon as Shi Feng saw the five magic arrays, he recognized the Spell.

Elemental Crush was a Tier 5, miniature destruction Spell. Although the attacks’ range wasn’t large, it was even more frightening than a Tier 5, large-scale destruction Spell. If struck, even MTs of the same tier and level would lose half of their HP instantly. However, the Spell had a flaw; its runes were overly complex. The chant was also quite long. Tier 5 Grand Wizards didn’t usually use this Spell in PvP.

However, Raymond could forgo both the incantation and runes, casting the Spell instantly…

Suddenly, space around Shi Feng started to crumble. Everything around him turned dark. In the blink of an eye, everything within 30 yards had been turned to dust.

However, just as Raymond thought he had dealt with the intruder and was about to return his focus to the magic array above the golden ring, a figure appeared before him.

Close one!

Shi Feng could not help but glance at his previous position, fear lingering in his heart.

Fortunately, he had Instant Strike, which allowed him to teleport to his target. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have dodged the Spell with his Movement Speed.

“Despicable mortal, die!” Realizing that Shi Feng was still alive, Raymond grew serious as he activated his Domain.

In God’s Domain, there was a saying that those without Domains were nothing more than ants underfoot.

As long as one activated a Domain, they could suppress their enemies. Against weaker opponents, it would be a one-sided slaughter.

However, Shi Feng had prepared for Raymond’s Domain. As soon as he appeared before Raymond, he activated Absolute Time, freezing the area’s Mana. Even the Dark Shaman King couldn’t access the Mana.

Raymond’s spreading Domain crumbled instantly. Shi Feng sighed with relief. He knew that Absolute Time wouldn’t Silence Raymond for more than ten seconds. He could accept that as long as it was effective against the NPC for even a brief moment. Without hesitation, Shi Feng activated Power of Darkness and Windwalk before dashing towards the Seven Luminaries Source Stone.

“Damnable ant!” Seeing Shi Feng run past him, flames of rage burned in Raymond’s eyes as he smashed the black, metallic staff in his other hand towards Shi Feng.

Although Raymond couldn’t use his Spells, Raymond’s physique, Strength, and speed were leaps and bounds above the Swordsman’s. Even without using combat techniques, he could kill Shi Feng instantly.

Peng!

A metallic clang echoed when the staff crashed into Shi Feng. However, the staff stopped half an inch before Shi Feng, unable to proceed.

Defensive Blade!

Raymond was helpless against this move. He was a magical class. Without his Spells, he couldn’t deplete Defensive Blade’s block counts quickly. He could only smash his staff into Shi Feng repeatedly to deplete the block counts.

This gave Shi Feng enough time to reach the Seven Luminaries Source Stone above the research table. With lightning-quick reactions, Shi Feng grabbed the Source Stone and stored it in his bag space. He then turned and fled to another research table.

“Bastard! You bastard! You dare steal what’s mine! Do you think someone like you can last against me for long?!” Suddenly, Raymond’s white hair darkened to black. His wrinkles started to smooth as he began to appear youthful. His aura also seemed to grow more powerful. “Taste the wrath of the Dark Shaman King!”