Chapter 1303 - Secret Alchemy Technique

Chapter 1303 – Secret Alchemy Technique

In the quiet herb garden, Shi Feng discovered quite a few Level 65, Tier 3 Demonic Guards and Two-headed Demonic Hounds in the courtyard as he logged in. Unlike the Demonic Beasts wandering about, these Demonic Guards patrolled the inner courtyard in groups of ten, with two Demonic Hounds accompanying each group.

Now, it was practically impossible to reach the tower safely.

–

[Demonic Guard] (Dark Creature, Demon)

Level 65

HP 30,000,000/30,000,000

[Two-headed Demonic Hound] (Dark Creature, Great Lord)

Level 65

HP 52,000,000/52,000,000

–

Even with Anna and Kite’s assistance, taking on twelve Great Lords at the same time would be suicidal.

What a tight security. This quest really isn’t giving me any chances to break through.

After observing the patrolling monsters’ pattern for over ten minutes, Shi Feng smiled bitterly.

Because he had ransacked the herb garden earlier, Raymond wouldn’t give him a second chance…

Demons were far more intelligent than Demonic Beasts. Even if he attracted only one Demon’s attention, the entire squad would charge at him. They would not give him any opportunities to pick them off one by one. Moreover, several squads patrolled the inner courtyard. The moment he set foot in the inner courtyard, he wouldn’t have to face just one squad. At the very least, three or four squads would chase him down.

Demons were very similar to NPCs. They were capable of cooperation. Hence, the more Demons in an area, the more combat power they could exhibit.

Even a 1,000-man team couldn’t defeat so many Tier 3 Demons at the same time, not to mention one person.

It is impossible to reach the tower by force. I have no choice but to find a different way.

Shi Feng temporarily gave up on the idea of breaking through the patrols. He then shifted his gaze to other locations.

The inner courtyard was very large. Although there was only one main entrance, there were quite a few side entrances leading to the inner courtyard. Only, these side entrances were not as convenient as the main entrance, which led directly to the tower.

As Shi Feng was about to move towards one of the side entrances to take a look, a noise in the courtyard distracted him.

Turning, Shi Feng noticed six massive figures moving rapidly towards the herb garden. These figures didn’t notice Shi Feng as they dashed towards the Silvermoon Tree.

These six massive figures were none other than the Silvermoon Bears that had fled earlier.

After returning to the Silvermoon Tree, the Silvermoon Bears lazed about.

These Silvermoon Bears still dare to return?

Shi Feng was slightly confused as he watched the Silvermoon Bears snooze peacefully.

Although he had already killed off the Tier 3 Demonic Hunters that had guarded the garden earlier, the magic barrier Raymond had erected was still present. This magic array was a powerful deterrent against Demonic Beasts. This was also why Shi Feng could log out of the game without worry.

Yet, the six Silvermoon Bears had resisted and barged into the herb garden.

Shi Feng had previously assumed that the Silvermoon Bears had stayed close to the tree to protect the Moonlight Fruit. However, it would seem that was not the case. After all, he had already plundered everything the Silvermoon Tree had to offer.

Hm? That’s not right. Why do these Silvermoon Bears seem a little larger than the ones I saw from before?

Seeing the slumbering Silvermoon Bears, Shi Feng activated Omniscient Eyes.

–

[Silvermoon Bear] (Demonic Beast, Great Lord)

Level 65

HP 80,000,000/80,000,000

–

These bears actually had 6,000,000 more HP than the Silvermoon Bears he had encountered earlier.

Why have they grown stronger?

Shi Feng was slightly confused.

Monsters didn’t grow stronger unless they underwent an evolution or became a Mutant.

However, it was very clear that neither scenario had happened to these bears.

Could there be something special near the Silvermoon Tree? But I don’t think I felt anything different when I was harvesting the Moonlight Fruits.

Shi Feng’s curiosity grew. However, no matter how he racked his mind, he could only think of one possibility.

There was no other explanation for why these Silvermoon Bears would return to rest beside the Silvermoon Tree shortly after he had killed the Demonic Hunters.

Shi Feng then slowly approached the Silvermoon Tree.

As he walked, he surveyed his surroundings using Omniscient Eyes constantly to spot for anything hidden. Although his senses did not pick up on anything when he had harvested the Moonlight Fruit, something may have hidden from his five senses.

Eighty yards… Seventy-five yards… Seventy yards…

When Shi Feng was almost within the Silvermoon Bears’ detection range, he heard the sound of a system notification.

–

System: You have discovered an ancient teleportation array.

System: Transferrable locations: Outer courtyard entrance requires 100 Seven Luminaries Shards; Demon Sealing Tower’s first-floor main hall requires 200 Seven Luminaries Shards; Demon Sealing Tower’s research area requires 500 Seven Luminaries Shards.

–

So, the Seven Luminaries Shards serve this purpose as well.

Realization dawned on Shi Feng when he heard the system notification.

He thought the high teleportation fees were utterly fraudulent.

Just teleporting to the Demon Sealing Tower’s first floor cost 200 Seven Luminaries Shards. He could synthesize four Seven Luminaries Crystals with that amount. Currently, he only had 714 shards on him.

He had no other choice. Either he paid the exorbitant fee or fought his way through the horde of Demons.

Shi Feng chose to teleport to the research area without hesitation.

Although the price of 500 shards was high, the Moon God was famed for its knowledge in alchemy and magic arrays. Every one of the Moon God’s recipes that circulated the world was extremely valuable. The various Grandmaster Alchemists coveted every one of these items. Needless to say, the Moon God’s research area would be extraordinary. Shi Feng naturally could not pass up the opportunity to ransack the Moon God’s research room just to save some Seven Luminaries Shards.

Immediately, Shi Feng’s vision blurred. In the blink of an eye, he found himself inside a spacious, crystal hall. The walls gave off a faint, blue radiance. Even without sunlight, light filled the hall.

–

System: You have discovered the research area.

–

This is the research room?

Shi Feng was slightly surprised as he surveyed his surroundings.

There were three paths out of the hall, and each one led to a different location. One led to the Alchemy Room, another led to the Research Room, and the last was a hallway leading out of the research area.

Shi Feng was immensely excited. As a God’s private tower, there was bound to be treasure. Immediately, Shi Feng set off to explore the area.

The Moon God’s Alchemy Room was like a whole new world. The room was as large as a football field, and there were all sorts of research materials and foundational books. There were also plenty of alchemy tools. Although the majority of the books and tools had been damaged beyond recognition due to the passing of time, the items that survived fascinated Shi Feng.

Any random alchemy tool he picked up was at least Secret-Silver rank. If sold on the market, they could easily fetch over ten Gold. There were over 300 Secret-Silver tools. There was also a complete set of Fine-Gold alchemy tools. The set was easily as valuable as an Epic item. However, no one would be so foolish as to sell the set, regardless of the price.

The alchemy tools’ value paled in comparison to the books he found. To alchemists, these books were priceless. Among the books he found, nine were introductions to Basic Secret Alchemy Techniques. There were also two books about Advanced Secret Alchemy Techniques. These tomes were similar to Secret Technique tablets, but they were much easier to learn than the Secret Technique tablets.

In the past, even Shadow’s Master Alchemists had only learned two or three Basic Secret Alchemy Techniques, and the Guild had paid a massive price to do so. Among them, the best Secret Technique had cost one Epic item to learn. Of course, this price guaranteed that one would learn the Secret Technique. If the technique had only allowed one player to learn it, it would’ve only cost a few hundred Gold.

If an Advanced Alchemist could learn three to five Basic Secret Techniques, their chances of becoming a Master would double at the very minimum. Anyone who learned the Advanced Secret Techniques would be guaranteed to become a Master Alchemist.

“Huh? That is…”

Suddenly, Shi Feng noticed the surrounding Mana flowing towards a dilapidated stone table a short distance away. The Mana flow was slow and weak. If not for his improved physique after consuming the Moonlight Fruit, he would’ve been hard-pressed to notice this Mana flow.