Chapter 1309 - Ring Of Gospel

Chapter 1309 – Ring of Gospel

As soon as Raymond finished speaking, a crisp shattering sound rang out inside the Research Room.

The previously frozen Mana in the room promptly went berserk, surging towards Raymond. Meanwhile, Raymond began transforming from an elderly man into a dignified youth at a rate visible to the naked eye.

In simple terms, the Silence effect was achieved through freezing the target’s Mana flow or retarding it considerably. For Raymond, someone who had gazed into the abyss of magic, resolving such a situation was not a difficult task. Meanwhile, one of the most effective ways to remove a Silence debuff was to forcibly break free from the restrictions placed on their Mana. This was also the reason why the Silence debuff was very weak against high-tiered existences.

“Disappear from this world!”

At this moment, not only was Raymond chanting an incantation, but he was also writing runes in midair. Meanwhile, both his chanting and writing speeds were beyond anything Shi Feng had ever seen before.

Despite Shi Feng having activated a Berserk Skill and being under the effect of various Acceleration Skills, before he could even reach the next research table, four magic arrays had already appeared around Raymond. Meanwhile, each magic array gathered a frightening amount of Mana.

If Phoenix Rain were present right now, she would definitely be stupefied by this scene.

The reason for this was the technique Raymond had just displayed—it was literally the ideal sought after by all magical class players.

Quadruple speed-casting!

Moreover, every Spell Raymond cast was a Tier 5 Spell capable of heavily injuring Tier 5 classes. If struck by all four Spells, even a Tier 5 player would die instantly.

In the next moment, spatial tears formed around Shi Feng, surrounding him. Following which, flames, lightning, and ice began descending from above, sealing off Shi Feng’s paths of retreat completely.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A series of explosions rang out in the Research Room in rapid succession. If not for this room being the creation of the Moon God, it would’ve been reduced to a pile of rubble already.

However, after suffering this bombardment, Shi Feng still managed to arrive at the research table safely, where he frantically grabbed everything he could. He did not pay attention to what his hands picked up as he tossed everything into his bag. He even went as far as implementing Sword’s Orbit with his arms to increase his looting efficiency. After plundering everything on the research table, he headed straight for the experiment table with the dragon skin parchments on it.

“Damnable ant! Who gave you the Seven Luminaries Ring!?” Raymond shouted reflexively in both surprise and rage when he noticed the golden divine runes flowing around Shi Feng’s body. In the next instant, however, Raymond’s eyes turned red with greed and passion. “Don’t think that the Seven Luminaries Ring’s power can save you! Before me, nobody can escape! If you hand over the Seven Luminaries Ring now, I can promise to turn you into my servant and let you have the opportunity to come into contact with the abyss of magic!”

However, Shi Feng did not respond to Raymond’s demand as he continued his looting operation without pause.

Shi Feng knew full well that the Aura of Earth’s Absolute Defense would not last long. Moreover, even Skills that provided invulnerability couldn’t offer unlimited protection against someone like the Black Shaman King.

After all, nothing was truly invulnerable. It was only a matter of whether one was strong enough to overcome a particular invulnerability effect.

If the Seven Luminaries Ring he possessed right now were the real deal, needless to say, defending against Raymond’s attacks would be a piece of cake. However, the Seven Luminaries Ring he possessed was a Replica; it wasn’t a Godly Relic. Just being able to ward off Raymond’s quadruple casting was already fortunate. If Raymond really got serious, Absolute Defense most likely wouldn’t be able to stop the NPC’s attacks.

“Since you’re not willing to hand it over, become my living puppet!”

Raymond began chanting once again. Unlike before, however, his chanting speed was not particularly fast this time. Moreover, the runes he wrote were incomparably complex. Even Shi Feng, someone who had conducted plenty of research into runes and magic arrays, could not identify what those runes were meant for.

Not daring to be careless, Shi Feng started looting the items on the experiment table as soon as he arrived before it. Absolute Defense’s duration had less than two seconds remaining. Although he could not plunder the entire experiment table, he took most of the items on it.

At this time, Raymond pointed his staff at Shi Feng and shouted, “Shatter!”

In the next moment, a black beam of light shot at Shi Feng’s body. Immediately, the divine runes surrounding Shi Feng’s body started crumbling. It was obvious that Raymond’s attack had broken through Absolute Defense.

“Become my loyal slave!” Raymond then slammed the butt of his staff on the floor.

A shadow instantly formed beneath Shi Feng’s feet. Gray strands slowly rose from the shadow, binding Shi Feng’s body.

Why does he know even the Necromancer class’s Dark Bondage?!

Shi Feng frowned when he saw the gray strands wrapped around his feet.

Dark Bondage was a Tier 4 Spell that could turn a living creature into one’s slave. The success rate of the Spell depended on the user’s and target’s levels and tiers. On average, the success rate was very low. Of course, this was only in the case of players. It was a different story if a powerful NPC like Raymond cast the Spell.

When nearly half of Shi Feng’s body was bound, Raymond revealed a sneer on his face.

Divine Steps!

Suddenly, ten doppelgangers formed around Shi Feng. He then chose to switch positions with one of them. Even a Spell like Dark Bondage couldn’t stop Shi Feng from swapping places with his doppelganger. He promptly took another item from the experiment table.

However, as soon as Shi Feng stored the item into his bag, he suddenly found himself as well as his ten doppelgangers appearing before Raymond.

What!? He knows even the Tier 5 Curse Space Conversion!?

Shi Feng was surprised as he swept a glance at his surroundings. Hurriedly, he started switching places with his other doppelgangers, which were slightly farther away from Raymond.

At this time, Raymond also activated his Domain once more, directly suppressing Shi Feng and preventing him from moving whatsoever. Only Shi Feng’s ten doppelgangers, which were invulnerable like Shi Feng, could still move. However, no matter where the doppelgangers went, as long as they remained inside the range of Raymond’s Domain, even if Shi Feng switched places with them, he still couldn’t budge from there.

“A futile effort.” Raymond waved his staff once more, and his surroundings turned into a world of frost, trapping Shi Feng’s doppelgangers. Although the doppelgangers were invulnerable, they did not possess the ability to pass through physical objects. Without any Strength of their own, they could only remain trapped inside the ice.

“Is that so?” At this moment, Shi Feng revealed a faint smile as he switched places with the doppelganger that stood less than a yard away from the golden ring.

He had not hurried to leave and dared to take sure, bold actions all because he had suddenly recalled something about this golden ring.

In the past, the alliance of superpowers had been able to kill the Dark Shaman King because they had managed to destroy one of the NPC’s items at the cost of plenty of sacrifices—that item was the Ring of Gospel. It was also the key to killing the Dark Shaman King.

The item Raymond had been producing happened to have the shape of a circular ring. As a result, Shi Feng could not help but link it with the Ring of Gospel.

Since he had already made it all the way here, he naturally could not let such a good opportunity get away.

“Despicable rat! Die!” When Raymond saw Shi Feng grabbing the golden ring, he was like a cat that just got its tail stepped on. He literally jumped up in anger before bombarding Shi Feng with one Tier 4 Spell after another. At this point, he had lost all intentions of making Shi Feng a puppet.

One after another, silvery-white Frost Lances began shooting at Shi Feng from all directions. The cold air radiated by every one of these Frost Lances made Shi Feng shudder. He could also faintly see golden arcs of electricity wreathing these Frost Lances. As they moved, even their surrounding space showed signs of shattering.

Shi Feng did not doubt that even one hit from these Frost Lances would kill him instantly.

I can’t stay here any longer.

This time, Shi Feng knew that Raymond was no longer holding back. Immediately, he chose to switch positions with the doppelganger summoned through Phantom Kill.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

As soon as he switched positions, hundreds of Frost Lances pierced his doppelganger, killing it on the spot. The doppelganger did not even have time to react.

He really is too strong.

Standing by the Research Room’s entrance, Shi Feng was greatly shocked by this scene. He hurriedly left the room, not daring to remain even a moment longer. Meanwhile, as soon as he exited, he sealed the door, using the Moon God’s Secret Key.

The instant the room was sealed, Shi Feng felt the door shaking violently.