Chapter 1302 - Daylight Robbery

Chapter 1302 – Daylight Robbery

“Join the White Tiger Dojo?” Shi Feng was slightly surprised by the offer.

While it was common for dojos and training centers to poach personnel from each other, the targets were normally disciples. Instructors were rarely approached. After all, any instructor was considered a backbone of their establishment. Poaching an instructor was significantly more expensive than a disciple, not to mention a head instructor like himself.

If they didn’t offer a high enough position, they couldn’t tempt him in the least. On the other hand, the White Tiger Dojo’s upper echelons would never agree to offer him a position as high as head instructor.

There were a limited number of head instructor positions available, and every head instructor was a part of the White Tiger Dojo’s core. The influence they held was immense. Furthermore, he was only the head instructor of a recently-established dojo. Trying to poach him by offering a head instructor position would be ludicrous.

“That’s right. I’d like you to join us. However, rather than becoming one of the White Tiger Dojo’s instructors, I’d like to invite you to become one of our combat instructors in God’s Domain,” Jiang Tianyuan said. “God’s Domain has become increasingly popular. The White Tiger Dojo intends to secure a piece of that pie. However, at the end of the day, there are some differences between combat in God’s Domain and combat in the real world. Hence, we wish to recruit some God’s Domain experts to train our disciples. I heard that Zero Wing is quite capable in this aspect. Hence, I wish to hire you as one of our God’s Domain instructors. Of course, you will receive the benefits of a White Tiger Dojo advanced instructor.”

Although the White Tiger Dojo had many instructors, there were extremely few advanced instructors. Every advanced instructor was also an internal force expert. Even Hall Masters such as himself treated these individuals with respect. Countless experts envied them for the benefits they received.

Jiang Tianyuan’s offer stunned his four bodyguards.

Although they were bodyguards, they were also Black Falcon Alliance experts. Their understanding of the White Tiger Dojo was more acute than ordinary people. Hence, they knew just how powerful the White Tiger Dojo’s advanced instructors were. Even the Black Falcon Alliance’s mainstays had to treat them with respect. Sometimes, the Alliance would even request training from these instructors. It wasn’t even a guarantee that these instructors would agree…

It was very difficult to imagine that a youngster in his early twenties would have the opportunity to become an advanced instructor in the White Tiger Dojo.

“Forget about the advanced instructor position. What other benefits can you offer?” Shi Feng said, shaking his head. He wasn’t particularly interested in becoming an advanced instructor in the White Tiger Dojo. While the fame and influence that came with the position were tempting, they were not particularly useful to him.

“Other benefits?” Jiang Tianyuan gave Shi Feng an odd look. Curiously, he asked, “What do you have in mind?”

The position was a good opportunity to gain some renown in the fighting industry. Countless people coveted the position, yet Shi Feng didn’t seem interested…

“S-rank Nutrient Fluid or Harmony Tea; both are acceptable,” Shi Feng said after giving the matter some thought. “As for the exact amount, that depends on how many players you’d like me to train. My price is roughly twenty people per bottle. I can guarantee that they will reach the Trial Tower’s fifth floor within a short time.”

Both S-rank Nutrient Fluid and Harmony Tea would significantly help his Guild’s experts. They were far more practical than the position of advanced instructor.

Moreover, Stone Forest Town had the Battle Arena. It was an excellent location to nurture experts. Including the fact that the White Tiger Dojo’s disciples would start with sturdy foundations, it would not be difficult to train them to the fifth-floor standard in a short time.

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, the four bodyguards rolled their eyes.

Each bottle of S-rank Nutrient Fluid sold for 1,000,000 Credits on the market, yet Shi Feng wanted one body for training twenty experts. Even when the Black Falcon Alliance hired advanced instructors from the White Tiger Dojo to teach 300 of their elite members, it didn’t pay 1,000,000 Credits per month. Shi Feng’s demand was simply daylight robbery.

“Your request is too expensive.” Jiang Tianyuan frowned. He more or less understood God’s Domain. Hence, he knew just what kind of standards a fifth-floor expert in God’s Domain possessed. Furthermore, the White Tiger Dojo’s disciples were already combat experts. Even if they simply experimented themselves, they could easily reach the fifth floor. “I am willing to offer one bottle for 100 players. The first session will include 500 players. At the very least, I want them to reach the Trial Tower’s sixth floor within one month.”

“Reaching the sixth floor within one month is too difficult. If you want all 500 to reach that standard, I’ll take no less than 50 bottles. Otherwise, you’ll have to find someone else, Hall Master Jiang.” Shi Feng hadn’t expected Jiang Tianyuan to be so familiar with God’s Domain. Unfortunately, his understanding wasn’t sufficiently thorough. Reaching the Trial Tower’s sixth floor was the equivalent of being an expert in a first-rate Guild. Even with strong foundations, it would take a lot of training to reach such a standard. Of course, some players with extraordinary talent could do it in a short time. However, not everyone was so gifted.

Moreover, nurturing 500 people would cost a frightening amount of resources. The Blackwater Corporation had invested an astronomical amount of manpower and resources to nurture their experts, yet the White Tiger Dojo wanted to offer a few bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids to achieve the same. If he only charged one bottle per 100 people, he would very quickly go bankrupt.

Seeing Shi Feng unwilling to yield, Jiang Tianyuan fell silent for a moment.

“We can’t possibly part with so many bottles. I can offer ten at most. We can pay for the rest with Credits,” Jiang Tianyuan said, yielding slightly.

S-rank Nutrient Fluids were extremely precious, even to the White Tiger Dojo. They used a large number during every national competition, not to mention international competitions. They did not have a lot to spare.

“I will only accept S-rank Nutrient Fluids and Harmony Tea. If Hall Master Jiang cannot make this decision at the moment, I can wait until you return and discuss it with your colleagues,” Shi Feng said resolutely.

He had other ways to obtain Credits. Moreover, he had already begun constructing his city. Once it was complete, the potential of virtual property would see explosive growth. At that time, he could easily rake in tons of Credits.

“Alright, then. I’ll discuss it with the others once I return. However, I doubt that I’ll receive a positive response,” Jiang Tianyuan said, sighing.

Following which, Shi Feng left the lounge.

After Shi Feng left, someone else entered the lounge from a connected room. This man wore black and white martial artist robes. He felt indescribably approachable. The instant he entered this room, it felt as if the world revolved around him.

“Hall Master, this kid simply doesn’t know how to appreciate a favor. Not only wasn’t he grateful for your personal invitation, but his demands were also exorbitant. Should I stir up some trouble for the Big Dipper Dojo?” the man asked angrily.

“Forget it. I had only asked on a whim. Even if he agrees to my offer, the final decision rests with the Head Hall Master. After all, the other Hall Masters have other recommendations,” Jiang Tianyuan said as he waved off the angry man’s concern. “Jin Hai City is our problem now. With today’s outcome, our plans have been interrupted. Tianji, you’ll replace Qiwen as the branch manager here. Think of a way to restore the White Tiger Dojo’s reputation here. Also, lead the first batch of disciples in God’s Domain and introduce them to the game. Help them acclimate to the game’s mechanics. At the very least, make sure they aren’t completely clueless when their training begins.”

“Hall Master, rest assured; I have already seen to the necessary preparations. Every disciple has already been given an advanced virtual gaming helmet, while advanced disciples have access to virtual gaming cabins. By the time the other Hall Masters make their move, we will have gained a stable foothold in God’s Domain,” the man named Tianji said, laughing.

…

As soon as Shi Feng returned to the Greenwater Villa, he logged back into God’s Domain.

He had just discovered some clues on how to proceed with his Tier 2 promotion quest. Meanwhile, Evil Fire’s challenge posed too much of a threat. If he did not deal with it properly, he would become a laughingstock in White River City. It might even affect the Big Dipper Dojo’s reputation. He had no intentions of wasting today’s results.