Chapter 1319 - Epic Adventurer

Chapter 1319 – Epic Adventurer

“Lord Protector, if you wish to continue, I must warn you,” the administrator said as he adjusted the magic array and created another Dark Knight. “The last test was only meant to determine if you have reached the Tier 2 standard.

“The following tests will determine your rank as an adventurer. This will also determine the rank of the commission quests you’ll be allowed to accept. The next tests will be far more difficult. If the Dark Knight kills you inside the magic array, your soul will be damaged, and you will suffer a Weakened state for some time. Moreover, the stronger the Dark Knight is, the longer the Weakened state will last. Are you sure you wish to continue?”

“Continue!” Shi Feng answered without hesitation. He was very familiar with the consequences.

The Bronze assessment was the lowest rank for Tier 2 players. The following assessments were the real challenge.

Completing the Tier 2 Promotion Quest was already difficult. Most experts were only capable of passing the Mysterious-Iron assessment. One could say that the Mysterious-Iron assessment was a dividing line between expert and elite players.

As soon as Shi Feng gave his answer, the administrator injected a stream of Mana into the Dark Knight. Immediately, the Dark Knight’s eyes released a bright, red glow, its aura growing stronger.

–

[Dark Knight] (Illusion, Lord)

Level 53

HP 3,000,000/3,000,000

–

This time, rather than wait for Shi Feng to attack, the Dark Knight took the initiative to use Charge at Shi Feng.

Upon arriving before Shi Feng, the Dark Knight swung its silver greatsword. This Dark Knight was far superior to the last in both speed and Strength.

Boom!

As it landed, the greatsword created a crack in the ground that extended for over ten yards.

However, this frightening, destructive power hadn’t hit Shi Feng. The silver greatsword had only landed beside Shi Feng’s feet. Meanwhile, a blue longsword pierced through the Dark Knight’s heart, causing a critical damage of -25,274.

The crimson radiance from within the Dark Knight’s helmet brightened. Tightening its grip on its greatsword, the Dark Knight twisted as it swung its weapon horizontally.

Whirlwind Slash!

Dang!

A crisp clang echoed throughout the arena. The Abyssal Blade had stopped the silver greatsword in its tracks, holding it away from Shi Feng. Meanwhile, the Sacred Sword in Shi Feng’s other hand descended on the Dark Knight once more.

Shi Feng had easily been capable of killing a Lord of the same level when he had been a Tier 1 player. Now that he had been promoted to a Tier 2 Sword Master, killing such an opponent would be a piece of cake.

In less than a minute, the Mysterious-Iron rank Dark Knight faded into particles of black light and disappeared.

Another Dark Knight quickly took its place. However, this monster was slightly different. Instead of a greatsword, it wielded two double-edged axes. Its aura was also far more violent.

–

[Dark Warrior] (Illusion, High Lord)

Level 53

HP 4,000,000/4,000,000

–

“Lord Protector, do you wish to continue?” the administrator asked again.

“Continue.” Shi Feng nodded. He was very familiar with the Dark Warrior before him.

When he had become a Tier 2 player in his previous life, he had faced this Dark Warrior during his first assessment. Afterward, he had spent a lot of time and effort to improve his weapons, equipment, and techniques before he had defeated the Dark Warrior and became a Secret-Silver adventurer.

As Shi Feng declared his intent, the Dark Warrior roared and dashed towards Shi Feng like a wild beast. When only ten yards separated the two combatants, the Dark Warrior threw one of its axes at Shi Feng. An explosion shook the arena as the axe tore through the air, flying straight for Shi Feng’s heart.

Death Throw!

Immediately after, the Dark Warrior raised its other axe before pushing off of the ground. The monster shot forward like a bullet and followed closely behind the axe it had thrown.

It was clear that the Dark Warrior intended to take advantage of the moment Shi Feng dodged its axe to strike.

In terms of combat techniques, the Dark Warrior was undoubtedly stronger than the prior Dark Knights.

Only, before the thrown axe could reach Shi Feng, a blue streak of light struck the weapon and sent it flying off course. The Dark Warrior was stunned.

Shi Feng then used his Abyssal Blade to block the Dark Warrior’s axe. Meanwhile, with Killing Ray now unoccupied, Shi Feng lightly slashed the Sacred Sword across the monster’s massive form, leaving behind one deep furrow after another on the latter’s armor.

“This…” The senior administrator, who watched quietly from a safe position, was stunned.

He hadn’t been surprised to see Shi Feng overwhelm the Lord ranked Dark Knights with his Strength. However, Shi Feng achieved the same feat against a High Lord of the same level…

To Shi Feng, however, this was only a matter of course.

Currently, he wielded numerous Epic items as well as two Fragmented Legendary items. He also had the Blade Saint class, one of the Ten Great Saint Classes. If his Strength couldn’t rival that of a High Lord of the same level after reaching Tier 2,

that

would be strange.

According to Shi Feng’s estimates, his current Strength and speed should be equal, if not close, to a Great Lord of the same level. Even without using his Skills, he could easily deal with a High Lord of the same level. Only, it would take some time to finish off his opponent.

After a minute and a half, without suspense, Shi Feng defeated the Dark Warrior.

Then, the Fine-Gold rank Dark Warrior appeared. It was similarly a High Lord, though it possessed a few more Skills than the Secret-Silver rank Dark Warrior. Its Basic Attributes were also slightly superior, and its combat standards could rival a player who had reached the Trial Tower’s fifth floor. It also had 5,000,000 HP.

In the past, only a handful of Star-Moon Kingdom’s players had defeated this terrifying monster in their first assessment.

However, against Shi Feng, who had an advantage in terms of Strength, speed, and techniques, the Dark Warrior only lasted two minutes before collapsing to the ground.

As the Fine-Gold rank Dark Warrior died, a Dark General wielding a spear took its place. The Dark General also had a longsword hanging from its waist.

–

[Dark General] (Illusion, Great Lord)

Level 53

HP 6,000,000/6,000,000

–

This was the gatekeeper that had prevented every player in Star-Moon Kingdom from becoming a Dark-Gold adventurer during their first assessment.

“Come,” Shi Feng invited the Dark General as he activated Phantom Kill and Nine Dragons Slash.

This time, Shi Feng chose to use his doppelganger to distract the Dark General while he dealt damage from the sides. Although his doppelganger lost some HP each time it blocked an attack, the Dark General lost HP at a much faster rate.

Eventually, when the doppelganger was almost out of HP, both Shi Feng and his doppelganger used Flame Burst. After receiving 30 devastating strikes, the Dark General lost of its remaining HP. With its final struggle, the Dark General took Shi Feng’s doppelganger with it the grave.

As the Dark General disappeared, the magic array covering the arena went berserk as it devoured Mana from its surroundings and diverted it to the center of the arena. Gradually, a three-meter-tall knight decked out in golden armor and dual-wielding two, crimson greatswords formed.

–

[King of Darkness] (Illusion, Grand Lord)

Level 53

HP 8,000,000/8,000,000

–

Although Shi Feng had known about the Epic assessment’s difficulty, he was a little shocked as he met the King of Darkness for the first time. Were this not an assessment, but an actual Grand Lord of the same level, he could simply turn tail and run. After all, a Grand Lord’s HP and battle recovery alone were enough to overwhelm him.

After Shi Feng rested, he started the challenge. Immediately, the King of Darkness waved its two greatswords. Three Level 53, Lord rank Dark Knights then appeared by its side. Though, unlike the previous Dark Knights, these only had 800,000 HP each. However, as these Dark Knights died, the King of Darkness could summon them again. Moreover, each Dark Knight’s death would heal the King of Darkness for 400,000 HP. To ordinary players, the King of Darkness was an unreasonable opponent.

However, Shi Feng had prepared for this fight. Immediately, he stabbed the Abyssal Blade into the ground.

Abyssal Curse!

Suddenly, the ground transformed into a dark swamp that trapped the King of Darkness and the Dark Knights. But contrary to Shi Feng’s expectation, Abyssal Curse hadn’t decreased the King of Darkness’s Attributes.

Shi Feng no longer held back as he activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power. His Strength Attribute instantly surpassed that of the King of Darkness. He then activated Instant Strike and appeared before the Grand Lord.

Phantom Kill!

Nine Dragons Slash!

His doppelganger also activated Instant Strike the moment it appeared, its Attack Speed and damage skyrocketing. Shi Feng and his doppelganger then launched a barrage of attacks at the King of Darkness. Shi Feng dealt over -90,000 damage with each strike; -200,000 with a critical hit. As for his doppelganger, it dealt nearly -80,000 damage.

Sword lights descended on the King of Darkness like rain, the Grand Lord’s HP vanished at a rate visible to the naked eye.

In three short seconds, the King of Darkness’s HP fell to 50%. It raged as it broke free from Abyssal Curse’s binding, brandishing its twin greatswords. In response, Shi Feng cast Abyssal Bind on the King of Darkness, not giving the Grand Lord a chance to counterattack. Although Abyssal Bind couldn’t restrict the King of Darkness for four full seconds, Shi Feng only needed one or two seconds.

Thundering Flash!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

Dragon Breath!

Flame God’s Fury!

…

One Skill after another mercilessly collided with the King of Darkness. Once the Grand Lord had one-third of its HP, any additional damage Shi Feng dealt caused a part of its golden armor to turn black. At the same time, the Grand Lord’s aura seemed to grow stronger. The nine pitch-black chains that bound the King of Darkness began to shatter. It was obvious that the King of Darkness had a Passive Skill that boosted its Attributes as it lost HP.

The King of Darkness was already life-threatening. The Grand Lord’s frightening, destructive power even shocked Shi Feng.

When the King of Darkness was nearly free from its bindings, Shi Feng and his doppelganger used Flame Burst simultaneously. Four miniature suns illuminated the arena. Although the King of Darkness eventually freed itself and blocked some of the 30 devastating strikes, each of Shi Feng’s strikes that hit dealt over -200,000 damage; -400,000 for critical hits. Even though the Grand Lord had blocked a fraction of the attacks, Shi Feng finished off the King of Darkness by the time Flame Burst ended.

As the King of Darkness died, the sound of a system notification reached Shi Feng’s ears.

–

System: Congratulations! You have become Star-Moon Kingdom’s first Epic rank adventurer. Your name will be known throughout Star-Moon Kingdom. Please retrieve your reward from the Adventurer’s Association’s Association Leader.