Chapter 1315 - Asura Vs Demon King

Chapter 1315 – Asura VS Demon King

The instant the black pillar disappeared, the Demonic Wizards and Demon King Storas breathed a sigh of relief. In the next moment, however, a powerful pressure descended on them.

The Demons, weakened from the ritual, succumbed to yet another Attribute decrease.

In the blink of an eye, the Demonic Wizards, who originally had 33,000,000 HP, only had 1,320,000 HP remaining. In terms of Basic Attributes, they were not even a match for Level 70 Common monsters.

The Demon King Storas’ HP was still unknown, and his aura was still considerably powerful. Any normal player bathed in this aura would feel as if they had just stepped into a muddy swap as their movements grew sluggish.

A Tier 5 Demon King really is powerful!

Shi Feng inwardly celebrated the fact that he had the Seven Luminaries Source Stone. If he had only relied on the Magic Backlash debuff and the Ring of Gospel’s Skills, Storas would’ve killed him.

Following which, Shi Feng activated the Seven Luminaries Source Stone, the stone releasing a dazzling, red glow. Miniature, golden magic arrays began to form around Storas. Golden chains then emerged from the magic arrays, the chains sapping away the Demon King’s power. Now, Shi Feng no longer saw Storas as an unreachable opponent.

“Despicable human! Why do you have that!?” Storas’s blood-red eyes turned to Shi Feng in rage. However, upon seeing Shi Feng’s tier, a human-like sneer appeared on his face. “Do you think that a puny Tier 1 Swordsman like you can kill me just by suppressing my power?

“Foolish mortal, you’ll pay for your foolishness!”

Storas stretched out his hand and summoned a bone spear. He then lightly tossed the weapon at Shi Feng, who was still over 40 yards away.

Xiu!

The spear shot towards Shi Feng like a meteor, so fast that Shi Feng could barely see it.

So fast!

Shi Feng was surprised.

Storas had been weakened three times over. World Projection alone had reduced his physique by 30% Normally, this was a massive disadvantage for both high-tiered monsters and players.

Yet, even after such severe debuffs, Storas was still frighteningly strong in all aspects.

With no other choice, Shi Feng immediately activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power and Blade Liberation before executing Parry.

Peng!

The instant his swords collided with the bone spear, Shi Feng lost all sensation in his arms. He was also forced to take four steps back.

His strength is still at the peak of Tier 3?

Glancing at the vanishing bone spear, Shi Feng gained a general understanding of Storas’s current prowess. The realization shocked him.

Normally, only Grand Lords with unique bloodlines could exert strength at the peak of Tier 3. Or they were Grand Lords who had gone berserk. This was also the maximum power he achieved in his previous life.

Only now did Shi Feng understand why Sharlyn had said that Asura Mode represented mortals’ limits.

Fortunately, his quest didn’t require him to kill Demon King Storas. Following which, Shi Feng activated Absolute Time and Instant Strike before appearing in front of Storas. Storas maintained his calm as if he had prepared for this. Immediately, another bone spear formed in his hand, forming a white arc as it swept towards Shi Feng. The white arc was accompanied by a faint, black line, proof that the attack had cut through space itself.

Although Storas couldn’t use Skills or Spells, he was still capable of executing advanced combat techniques.

Instinctively, Shi Feng executed Sword’s Orbit.

In the blink of an eye, countless sparks flew around Storas and Shi Feng. As the weapons met, the clash sounded like an explosion, echoing throughout the temple.

Although Shi Feng had an advantage with his speed, Storas easily predicted Shi Feng’s movements, reacting nimbly to every attack by either blocking or dodging. The difference between the combatants’ physiques was obvious at a glance. Shi Feng couldn’t inflict even the slightest damage.

“Mortal, you’re doing pretty good! You’ve actually forced me to dodge! You are a first among mortals!” Storas was very calm as he looked at Shi Feng. He even had the leisure to praise his enemy. “Unfortunately, you’ve reached your limit. In just another few seconds, I will give you a taste of true despair!”

“My limit?” Shi Feng smiled at the calm Demon King. “Who said this was my limit?”

Shi Feng had expected such a stalemate.

After all, this was not his first time against a Tier 5 monster. He knew just how terrifying such an existence was.

He then activated Phantom Kill and Nine Dragons Slash.

As soon as Shi Feng’s doppelganger appeared, it, too, activated Instant Strike. With the attacks from the twelve Abyssal Blade phantoms, even with peak, Tier 3 strength, Storas was forced to defend himself. The Abyssal Blade phantoms even landed the occasional hit.

Unfortunately, the phantoms’ damage was abysmal.

-1!

The phantoms had only dealt an obligatory one damage. Storas’s Defense hadn’t weakened in the slightest. His Defense was still at the Tier 5 standard. Just scratching Storas was impossible, much less inflicting heavy injuries.

“Stop wasting your energy. A measly mortal like you can’t harm me even if I stand here and do nothing.” Ridicule filled Storas’s gaze as he looked down at Shi Feng.

No! That’s not right!

As Shi Feng began to despair, he realized something. If Storas had the Defense of a Tier 5 existence, why had the Demon King defended himself?

If his attacks had been useless to begin with, Storas wouldn’t have had to dodge or block his attacks. The Demon King could’ve stood there as he waited for ten seconds to pass. Moreover, his promotion quest’s clear condition was to seal Storas. This showed that Storas had some sort of weakness. As long as he found that weakness, he could seal Storas. Hence, Storas defended himself.

Omniscient Eyes!

Sure enough, there is a weakness!

Shi Feng immediately discovered a hidden magic array over Storas’s heart. Currently, some kind of power suppressed the magic array. It resisted the golden chains around Storas’s body, preventing the chains from exhibiting their greatest power.

Damn it. Has he found it?

Storas’s gaze turned chilly when he noticed the magic arrays surface in Shi Feng’s eyes. Hurriedly, he pulled away from the Swordsman. As long as he survived for ten seconds, he could deal with this pest even with the magic array’s suppression.

“You want to run?” As Storas retreated, the Demon King confirmed Shi Feng’s suspicion.

Divine Steps!

Immediately, ten doppelgangers surrounding Storas. With Shi Feng in the lead, the ten doppelgangers swung their swords at the Demon King, their target being the magic array over his heart.

“Die!”

Suddenly, Storas went berserk as he thrust his spear at Shi Feng and his doppelgangers. The spear had a longer reach than one-handed swords. Before Shi Feng’s swords could reach the magic array, his spear would penetrate Shi Feng. With Shi Feng’s Attributes, he only needed one attack to kill the Swordsman.

Very quickly, Storas stabbed Shi Feng and all ten of his doppelgangers, revealing a vicious smile.

However, the doppelganger directly behind Storas, which had already been stabbed numerous times, revealed a smile, the Killing Ray in its hand abruptly piercing Storas’s heart.

Illusory Shadow!

Killing Ray passed through Storas’s heart and destroyed the crystal that suppressed the sealing magic array.