Chapter 1316 - Tier 2 Promotion

Chapter 1316 – Tier 2 Promotion

When the crystal in Storas’s heart shattered, the power, which had been suppressing the sealing magic array, started to dissipate. At the same time, the golden chains grew stronger, sapping away Storas’s power.

“No! No!!”

Storas desperately tried to break free from the chains’ bindings. However, no matter how hard he struggled, the golden chains remained. On the contrary, they dragged Storas into the pitch-black portal that had appeared behind him. Eventually, Storas vanished into the portal.

As the seal contained Storas, the Demonic Wizards were forced out of the map as if the Moon God’s Space had rejected them. In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng stood alone in the temple.

He then heard the sound of a system notification.

–

System: Congratulations! You have cleared the Asura Mode Promotion Quest. Rewarding 60 Legacy Skill Points. Activating Tier 2 Legacy Skill Menu.

System: Congratulations! You have been promoted to a Tier 2 Blade Saint. All Attributes +150, all Resistances +30, Attack Power and Attack Speed increased by 20%, all Attributes increased by 50%, and physique improved by 50%.

System: Congratulations! You have completed your Tier 2 Promotion Quest. Please head to the Adventurer’s Association to complete the Tier 2 promotion procedures.

System: Congratulations! You have completed your Tier 2 Promotion Quest. If you wish to leave, you may head to the teleportation array in the Moon God’s Temple’s main hall and exit the Dark Canyon.

–

It’s finally over?

Shi Feng slumped to the ground powerlessly. He was both physically and mentally exhausted. When he saw the system notifications, though, joy bloomed in his heart.

The instant he was promoted to Tier 2, his Basic Attributes and physique improved significantly. Even if he wore Secret-Silver Equipment, he could easily take out a Tier 2 Lord. This was the frightening part of Tier 2 classes. Their strength was on an entirely different level compared to Tier 1 classes.

Moreover, because the Blade Saint class was one of the Ten Great Saint Classes, his Tier 2 boost was even greater than normal classes.

Normally, hidden classes only provided some extra Basic Attributes. On the other hand, the Blade Saint class provided an extra 10% to his physique.

In the past, Shi Feng could have been considered an expert, yet during his Tier 2 Promotion Quest, he had only cleared the Hard Mode difficulty. Now, however, he had completed the Asura Mode Tier 2 Promotion Quest.

The difference between his present and past self was like heaven and earth.

In God’s Domain, expert players attempted to complete higher difficulty promotion quests due to the potential rewards. This was especially true when it came to Legacy Skill Points.

Normally, players only obtained one Legacy Skill Point every three levels. One could also obtain some by completing special quests. However, these special quests were extremely rare, and they didn’t award many Legacy Skill Points. Accumulating Legacy Skill Points was typically very difficult.

Depending on the promotion quest’s difficulty, it would award a different number of Legacy Skill Points.

In the past, Shi Feng had only received 20 Legacy Skill Points after completing his Hard Mode Promotion Quest, yet he had received 60 points after completing this Asura Mode quest. The additional 40 points were the equivalent of 120 levels.

After including the points he had accumulated previously, Shi Feng now had a total of 72 Legacy Skill Points. He could easily learn several powerful Tier 2 Legacy Skills.

There sure are a lot of Tier 2 Legacy Skills unlocked.

Shi Feng’s eyes shone as he opened the Legacy Skill Menu.

When he had been Tier 1, he had only had 6 Tier 2 Legacy Skills available. Now, however, he had 17 Tier 2 Skills to choose from.

However, Tier 2 Skills required far more Legacy Skill Points to unlock. Even the most ordinary Skill cost six points to unlock. That was three times more than ordinary Tier 1 Skills…

Among the 17 Tier 2 Skills, 11 required six points to unlock. Among the remaining six, two were Tier 2 Berserk Skills; one was an option to upgrade Blade Liberation to Tier 2, and another was called Blade Awakening.

These two Berserk Skills each had their own specialties. Blade Liberation improved the user’s Basic Attributes. As for Blade Awakening, although it provided a much lower bonus to the user’s Basic Attributes, the Skill improved the user’s physique. Both were undoubtedly precious.

As Shi Feng had already learned Blade Liberation, he didn’t have to spend as many points to upgrade it to Tier 2, only requiring 20 Legacy Skill Points. Blade Awakening, on the other hand, required 40 points…

Most players wouldn’t have 40 points even after completing their Tier 2 promotion. Only someone like him, who had cleared the Asura Mode Promotion Quest, could possibly afford such an expenditure.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng learned both Berserk Skills, spending all 60 Legacy Skill Points he just earned instantly.

Legacy Berserk Skills were extremely rare even among hidden classes. Not many hidden classes possessed such Skills. Moreover, Legacy Berserk Skills could stack with non-Legacy Berserk Skills. They were must-have Legacy Skills as they could save his life during crucial moments.

Blade Liberation had already saved his life many times. He had decided to spend the points to upgrade it due to how much time it took to increase his Proficiency with the Skill. He did not have the time to wait for the Skill to reach Tier 2.

As for Blade Awakening, needless to say, an additional Berserk Skill was an additional trump card. Although Blade Liberation and Blade Awakening couldn’t be used at the same time, they were interchangeable, further increasing his survivability.

–

[Blade Liberation] (Action-type)

Requires: Sword

Tier 2 (Proficiency needed to upgrade to Tier 3: 0/50,000)

Grants player unparalleled strength for 24 seconds. Effect varies based on the weapon’s unlocked potential. Player is Weakened once the duration ends. All Attributes decrease by 70% for 2 minutes, 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 7 hours

[Blade Awakening] (Action-type)

Requires: Sword

Tier 2 (Proficiency needed to upgrade to Tier 3: 0/50,000)

Improves the player’s Attributes and physique for 24 seconds. Effect varies based on the weapon’s unlocked potential. Player is Weakened once the duration ends. All Attributes decrease by 70% for 2 minutes, 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 7 hours

–

Aside from these two Berserk Skills, Shi Feng spent his remaining Legacy Skill Points to unlock Sword of Shadows, a Skill that needed exactly 12 points.

–

[Shadow Blade] (Action-type)

Requires: Sword

Tier 2 (Proficiency needed to upgrade to Tier 3: 0/30,000)

Every attack can invoke shadows to attack the target. Every shadow possesses 120% of user’s Strength and causes 100% darkness damage. Accumulate one shadow every three seconds. Can hold a maximum of nine shadows.

Cooldown: 3 seconds

–

Although it was not as powerful as a Sure-kill Skill, it had its own power in how often it could be used.

Now that I’ve finished learning my Skills, I should head back and deal with my Tier 2 promotion procedures.

Shi Feng was quite satisfied with the Tier 3 Skills he had learned. Without waiting for his Weakened state to end, he impatiently activated the teleportation array in the Moon God’s Temple and left the Dark Canyon.

Although he had already completed his promotion quest, he wouldn’t officially be a Tier 3 class and wouldn’t have access to the privileges that came with it until he updated his status in the Adventurer’s Association.

Only after becoming a Tier 2 class officially would he have crossed the new milestone.