Chapter 1314 - Challenging The Limit

Chapter 1314 – Challenging the Limit

Why are so many Dragons here?

The scene in the sky stupefied Shi Feng.

Even during ancient times, Dragons had been extremely rare. Moreover, Dragons normally preferred to live alone instead of in groups. Seeing several Magic Light Dragonlings move as a group was unbelievable enough, yet now Shi Feng stared at five adult Dragons that had just appeared. If these five Dragons emerged in God’s Domain, they could easily turn an entire empire into ash.

Adult Dragons were Tier 5 Legendary monsters. Including their high Life Rating, not even Tier 5 NPCs could take them down. Slaying a single Dragon would require a group of such NPCs. If five Dragons worked together, the outcome would be simply devastating.

Although a path had opened across the World Barrier, it was extremely unstable. The spatial turbulence even posed a great threat to adult Dragons. It would not be so easy for the Dragons to enter the Moon God’s Space from another world. Meanwhile, the beam of black light was attempting to stabilize the spatial channel.

However, this gave Shi Feng a hint.

The Moon God’s Space was simply too large. Even after a full day of exploration, Shi Feng had only covered a small fraction of the map. He would have to invest a lot more time if he wanted to explore the whole thing.

Now that the black light pillar had caused such a large commotion, needless to say, the light pillar must be related to his quest.

Shi Feng immediately set off towards the black pillar’s origin.

Although the light pillar did not seem far away, in reality, it was the complete opposite. Reaching its origin would take a very long time. Furthermore, as Shi Feng grew closer to the pillar, so did the Demonic Beasts. Many of the demonic patrol squads were also gathering towards the light pillar, making them even more difficult to avoid.

As Shi Feng finished killing several Demonic Beasts, the light pillar in the sky suddenly disappeared. Following which, the spatial channel closed.

Did it fail?

Shi Feng could not help but breathe a sigh of relief when he saw the black pillar vanish.

If the spatial channel stabilized, it went without saying that the five Dragons would enter the Moon God’s Space. Shi Feng reached this conclusion after watching the five Dragons attempt to barge through the spatial channel. However, due to the spatial turbulence, they had given up.

The spatial currents were as strong as Tier 5 Spells, yet when they struck the Dragons, they had only left a few white marks on the monsters’ scales. It was simply due to so many spatial currents that the five Dragons had been forced out of the channel. The currents couldn’t actually damage the Dragons.

If the five Dragons entered the Moon God’s Space, Shi Feng would likely fail his promotion quest.

However, despite the threat of the Dragons disappearing, Shi Feng didn’t dare to be careless as he tried to find a way to kill the Demonic Beasts in his path faster. Finally, after nearly twenty hours, he reached the black light pillar’s origin.

During this time, the light pillar had appeared once again. Compared to the previous appearance, though, the second spatial channel was a little more stable. However, it still disappeared without letting the Dragons through.

From this, Shi Feng realized that, each time the light pillar pierced the World Barrier, the spatial channel would become more stable. It was only a matter of time before the five Dragons entered the Moon God’s Space.

The black light pillar had originated from inside a large canyon. Trees and shrubbery decorated the area. A temple, neglected for many years, occupied the canyon’s center. The temple stood several hundred meters tall, looming like a large mountain. Many black, stone pillars had been erected around the temple, and every pillar was decorated with complex, demonic runes. Moreover, each black pillar automatically gathered the surrounding Mana. These black pillars had been arranged to form a massive magic array that constantly absorbed the Moon God’s Space’s Mana. The gathered Mana was then concentrated in the center of the magic array and formed a massive, floating ball of water.

To Shi Feng, this floating ball of water was extremely familiar.

This was none other than the Liquid Mana he had seen in the War God’s Temple’s Eternal Throne. However, the nine balls of Liquid Mana the nine lords had conjured had only been as large as a house. In comparison, the ball of Liquid Mana before him was the size of a seven-story building.

Hundreds of Tier 3 Demonic Wizards stood below the ball of water, chanting incantations. A tall, large Demon with bat-like wings directed the Liquid Mana into a magic array that had been carved into the ground. As a result, the magic array gradually activated and released a frightening pressure.

The Demon King really is here.

Shi Feng couldn’t help but shift his gaze towards the tall Demon with two flaming horns sprouting from its forehead.

This Demon was none other than his quest target, Demon King Storas.

–

[Storas] (Dark Creature, Demon King)

Level 72

HP ? ? ? ? ? ?/ ? ? ? ? ? ?

–

However, it wasn’t the Demon King that gave him a headache, but the hundreds of Tier 3 Demons.

–

[Demonic Wizard] (Dark Creature, Demon)

Level 70

HP 33,000,000/33,000,000

–

A single Demonic Wizard was enough a threat for Shi Feng, not to mention several hundred. If these Demons reached God’s Domain, they could raid and capture countless major NPC cities. Facing so many alone was suicidal.

Shi Feng was in a bind.

With the Demonic Wizards surrounding Storas, he couldn’t even approach the Demon King, much less seal the monster.

No. I should still have a chance.

Shi Feng suddenly remembered something as he looked at the massive array the Liquid Mana powered.

In God’s Domain, Liquid Mana was even more precious than Seven Luminaries Crystals. This was because the Mana within Liquid Mana was purer. However, very few people in God’s Domain were willing to use Liquid Mana as it was too pure. Ordinary players couldn’t use it. At the very least, one needed to reach the Tier 4 standard before even thinking of using Liquid Mana.

Although Storas maintained the magic array, the Demonic Wizards were only Tier 3. They should not be able to maintain the magic array for long. Once they reached their limit, they would succumb to a Weakened state for a certain period.

Considering his options, Shi Feng decided to wait.

If things turned out the way he assumed, then he still had a chance to complete his promotion quest. If not, he may have to give up.

Time passed quickly. Soon, Liquid Mana filled the temple.

Suddenly, Storas shouted and activated the magic array.

Another pillar of black light then shot up from the temple and pierced the World Barrier. After this phenomenon continued for half an hour, the magic array deactivated, and the light pillar disappeared. Immediately after, the Demonic Wizards slumped to the ground, their backs covered in sweat. It was obvious that maintaining the magic array had taken a huge toll on their bodies.

Good! It’s just as I expected!

Shi Feng revealed his excitement as the Demonic Wizards dropped.

These Demonic Wizards suffered from a debuff called Magic Backlash.

–

[Magic Backlash]

All Attributes decreased by 95%. Unable to use any Spells for a short time.

–

Even Demon King Storas suffered a weaker version of Magic Backlash, his Attributes decreased by 95%. Though, unlike the Demonic Wizards, Storas could still use Spells.

However, Shi Feng did not hurry to attack. Instead, he continued to watch from afar.

Six seconds… Seven seconds… Eight Seconds…

Shi Feng’s gaze was fixed on the Demons’ every action as he inwardly counted the debuff’s duration.

Magic Backlash’s description did not state how long it lasted.

He would only have one chance to seal a Tier 5 Demon King. He needed to be prepared when he took action.

There’s only a 10-second gap? This quest is harsh…

Shi Feng smiled bitterly as he watched the system clock.

After ten seconds, the Demonic Wizards began to stand up. Although they were still in a Weakened state, their Attributes had recovered to 50% of their totals. Moreover, they could cast Spells again. The Demon King Storas had already fully recovered.

Before sealing Storas, Shi Feng needed to damage him severely. However, even if a Tier 5 Demon King only had 10% of its Attributes, he was still a frightening existence. Even if Shi Feng could weaken Storas further with the Seven Luminaries Source Stone, wounding the Demon King in ten short seconds was impossible. After all, Shi Feng was aware of how frightening a Tier 5 existence could be.

It seems I can only use the Ring of Gospel and give it a try.

Shi Feng retrieved the Ring of Gospel and bound it to himself.

The Ring of Gospel’s two Activatable Skills could suppress the Demon King and boost Shi Feng’s power. This was the strongest card he could play.

Again, time passed quickly. After another dozen or so hours, the temple’s magic array was fully charged once more. Another pillar of black light pierced the sky.

“Activate!”

The instant the light pillar faded, Shi Feng activated World Projection and Ring of Brilliance before charging towards Demon King Storas.