Chapter 1310 - Moon God'S Secret Record

Chapter 1310 – Moon God’s Secret Record

The door of the Research Room was made using a special method. Moreover, the Moon God had reinforced it with divine runes. Even a Tier 5 Grand Wizard would have difficulty leaving a scratch on it.

However, the violent tremors of the door made Shi Feng doubt it could hold back the Dark Shaman King.

After all, Raymond was an NPC capable of becoming the Final Boss of one of God’s Domain’s major expansion packs. He definitely was not an existence that ordinary Tier 5 NPCs could compare to.

In retrospect, considering how several superpowers had needed to work together to defeat Raymond, Shi Feng could only conclude that Raymond had to be at the Demigod standard already.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng felt that he still wasn’t safe. He left the research area right away. When he entered the corridor leading out of the research area, he even used the Moon God’s Secret Key to seal off the corridor. Although the corridor’s seal was not as powerful as the door of the Research Room, it could more or less stop Raymond for a short while.

After Shi Feng left the research area, it was as if he had entered a whole other world. When he exited the corridor, he arrived at a place filled with greenery. He could see hills and waterfalls in the distance as well as hear bird calls and smell flowers. He could also pick up the roars of many Demonic Beasts. At the same time, he spotted many demonic patrol squads making the rounds of the forest paths.

Although the guards in these demonic patrol squads were not as strong as the Demons guarding the inner courtyard, each patrol still consisted of one Level 70, Tier 3 Demonic Guard and nine Level 70, Tier 2 Demonic Soldiers. To Shi Feng, who currently couldn’t summon his Personal Guards and Mount, they were extremely dangerous opponents.

Immediately after, the sound of a system notification entered Shi Feng’s ears.

–

System: You have discovered the top floor of the Demon Sealing Tower, Moon God’s Space.

–

What? This is the top floor of the Demon Sealing Tower?

Shi Feng was stunned when he looked at the system notification.

Based on the system map, the Demon Sealing Tower had a total of 36 floors. Meanwhile, each floor could easily fit a Small Town inside. If Shi Feng had tried climbing from the first floor to the top floor, he would have needed plenty of time. Although he had already steeled himself for a long battle, climbing all 36 floors would not have been an easy task.

Previously, Shi Feng had still thought that spending 500 Seven Luminaries Shards to teleport to the research area had not been worth it. Now, however, it would seem that he had just made a huge profit.

Immediately, Shi Feng found a safe location to hide before adjusting his mental state and organizing the items he looted.

From beginning to end, his exchange with Raymond had lasted only seven or eight seconds. However, despite this brevity, his Stamina and Concentration had been depleted as if he had fought normally for several hours. The exchange had taken a severe toll on his Concentration, in particular. Due to the frightening pressure Raymond gave off, as well as the NPC’s Domain, every second he spent fleeing from the NPC was equivalent to fighting against an opponent of equal strength for an hour.

In fact, from the moment Shi Feng started facing off against Raymond until he exited the Research Room, Shi Feng had not even taken a breath. After all, even the slightest delay in his actions could lead to his death, rendering all his efforts since entering God’s Domain useless. One could imagine just how much pressure Shi Feng felt during those short seven or eight seconds.

Hence, Shi Feng wished to slowly relax his tense mental state.

…

Meanwhile, at the Asura Mode Regional Dungeon Frozen Scar…

Many of Star-Moon Kingdom’s powerful and well-known Guilds were currently gathered here. There were even large Guilds from other kingdoms and empires coming to raid the Regional Dungeon. At this moment, hundreds of thousands of elite and expert players were at Frozen Scar, and the competition here was considerably intense.

In just the few short hours since Frozen Scar became a Regional Dungeon, over 50,000 elite players had already died in it. This situation immediately deterred members of small Guilds and independent players from entering the Dungeon.

However, in one forest filled with snow, a 1,000-man legion was calmly pressing forward. The legion easily killed off any Level 46 Lord ranked Snow Yetis and Level 45 Elite ranked Snow Giants and steadily advanced towards the location of the Frost King. When the elite legions of other Guilds came across this legion, they would hurriedly avoid it, afraid of provoking it.

After all, the Guild this 1,000-man legion belonged to was none other than Heaven’s Burial, the official number two Guild of Star-Moon Kingdom.

Currently, Singular Burial was even personally leading this elite legion.

Among the members of this legion, even the weakest was Level 41, whereas the experts were Level 42. There were even some experts that had reached Level 43. Meanwhile, these players were all geared in Level 40 top-tier equipment, with the most inferior being Fine-Gold rank and the majority being Dark-Gold rank. The strongest among all these players was Singular Burial. Although he was only Level 43, he was equipped with the Level 45 Dark-Gold Set Equipment for Rangers, the Hundred Beasts Set, and wielded a pitch-black double-stringed bone bow that gave off the Epic rank glow effect.

Despite going up against over 50 Frost Yetis and 1,000 Frost Giants, Singular Burial managed to command his team properly and keep the situation under control. In the end, Heaven’s Burial’s elite legion bombarded these monsters to death without even a break in their frontline. This situation inspired serious envy in the players from other Guilds watching from afar.

Just as Singular Burial and his team were cleaning up the remnant Frost Giants, he suddenly received a communication request.

“Ghost, did something happen on your side?” Singular Burial asked as he looked at the indifferent Level 43 Assassin in the screen.

“Something happened over at Zero Wing’s side,” Ghost Shadow reported. “For some reason, instead of advancing towards the Frost King, Zero Wing’s team has actually turned around and is currently headed towards the Blizzard Fortress. By the looks of it, they are planning on raiding the Dungeon.”

“Raiding the Blizzard Fortress?” Singular Burial could not help but be stunned. “Are you sure? Blizzard Fortress is a Level 50 large-scale Team Dungeon. Why are they even trying to raid it? For them to give up on the Frost King so willingly, could they have discovered something we don’t know?”

The information regarding the Frost King was something he had released to the public himself. Meanwhile, his reason for doing so was to lure Zero Wing’s main force over and use the opportunity to weaken it. At the same time, he could also complete his quest.

“I don’t know. However, the information about them heading towards the Blizzard Fortress is definitely true. As for Zero Wing’s elite members, they have also left Frozen Scar already.” Ghost Shadow was similarly confused by this situation. Killing the Frost King would grant a Guild access to Evernight City, yet Zero Wing had actually given up such a good opportunity in favor of raiding a Dungeon. Moreover, it was even a Level 50 large-scale Team Dungeon. Even he, an expert who had fought in the virtual gaming world for many years now, could not understand what Zero Wing was trying to do.

“Forget it. Ignore them for now. You and your men regroup with us as well. The number of Guilds joining the competition is growing increasingly higher, so we need to hurry up ourselves. Once we’re done with our quest, Star-Moon Kingdom will become Heaven’s Burial’s possession. Even if Zero Wing manages to raid the Dungeon, it would be useless,” Singular Burial said, sneering.

…

I’ve really lucked out this time.

Shi Feng could not help sighing happily as he looked at his bag space.

Previously, all of his attention had been on Raymond. Hence, when he was looting, he simply shoved everything he could get his hands on into his bag without caring what they were.

Now that he got to take a closer look, however, even Shi Feng himself was stupefied by the spoils.

Among the items he looted were eight Dark-Gold alchemy tools. There was also a set of Dark-Gold alchemy tools made from Magic Jade called the Green Jade Set. If placed on the market, this set could easily sell for over 30,000 Gold.

On its own, Magic Jade possessed the ability to absorb Mana from its surroundings. When made into an alchemy tool, it could pull out the best effects of herbs.

In total, the complete set of Magic Jade alchemy tools increased alchemy success rates by 10% and alchemy production speeds by 20%. There was also a 3% chance for the created product to have its effects strengthened.

In the past, even Grandmaster Alchemists had been extremely eager to get their hands on such a set. Unfortunately, even Super Guilds had a very difficult time obtaining a set of Dark-Gold alchemy tools, not to mention something like the Green Jade Set.

Aside from alchemy tools, Shi Feng’s bag had many sheets of ancient, tattered pages. Recorded on these pages were recipes made by the Moon God. However, as the pages were dilapidated, they could not be used.

After Shi Feng used Omniscient Eyes to appraise one of the tattered pages, the sound of a system notification suddenly entered his ears.

–

System: Ancient Tattered Page discovered. Repairing it requires 100 Magic Crystals.

–

Dragonskin parchment sure is amazing. Even after enduring tens of thousands of years of corrosion, it can still be repaired using Magic Crystals. No wonder Gods would use dragonskin parchment to make records in ancient times!

Realization dawned upon Shi Feng.

Having picked up so many tattered pages, he never hoped that every one of them would still be usable; he would be fine with just one. At the very least, he wouldn’t have wasted his precious time trying to collect all these tattered pages.

Hence, it was truly surprising that the pages could be repaired.

Shi Feng started repairing page after page right away. As he repaired the pages, he also organized them based on the page numbers, and surprisingly, the pages actually automatically combined. After around ten minutes passed, he was finally done repairing all 31 pages he picked up. Suddenly, the combined pages transformed into a thick, ancient book that radiated a faint trace of Divine Might.

Meanwhile, there were four words, written in the ancient divine language, on the cover of this ancient book.

Moon God’s Secret Record!