Chapter 1320 - A Quest That Determines The Fate Of A Country

Chapter 1320 – A Quest that Determines the Fate of a Country

Retrieve a reward from the Adventurer’s Association’s Association Leader?

Shi Feng smiled bitterly as he read the system notification.

The Association Leader was the highest position in the Adventurer’s Association.

The Association Leader of White River City’s Adventurer’s Association wasn’t the same as the city’s Magistrate. Normally, a city Magistrate couldn’t leave the city under their management. In contrast, the Association Leaders left their cities frequently, so they were extremely difficult to meet.

Although it had been referred to as a reward, in reality, it was a considerably high-difficulty quest.

Once the King of Darkness vanished, Shi Feng heard another system notification.

–

System: Do you wish to leave your name on the Epic List?

–

Shi Feng instantly clicked “Yes.” However, he altered the name he registered with, using “Black Flame.”

Once he entered his name, it appeared on the massive pillar at the edge of the arena. Any player that came to the Adventurer’s Association for their Tier 2 assessment would see it.

The senior administrator excitedly approached Shi Feng, holding a dark purple emblem. This was proof that he had become an Epic adventurer in Star-Moon Kingdom. There were only ten such emblems in the entire kingdom, and it was definitely an honor to receive one.

“Lord Protector, congratulations on becoming an Epic adventurer. This Purple Star Emblem is proof of your identity. You can accept any Tier 2 commission quests without restrictions as long as you reveal it.” The senior administrator carefully handed the emblem to Shi Feng, reverence filling his gaze as he looked at the Swordsman.

Only ten Epic adventurers could exist in Star-Moon Kingdom at a time. The position could practically rival the Association’s 4-star adventurers.

As Shi Feng received the emblem, emotion overwhelmed him.

In the past, even the Dark-Gold ranked emblem had been far out of his reach, much less the Purple Star Emblem.

The Purple Star Emblem provided more than access to quests. He would also have access to many other privileges in the Adventurer’s Association. For example, when players accepted commission quests, they needed to pay a deposit fee. Players with the Purple Star Emblem enjoyed a 50% discount on these fees. The Adventurer’s Association would also prepare one S-rank quest for Epic adventurers once a week.

The Tier 2 commissioned quests were available throughout the country, but there was a limited number. As players accepted these quests, fewer would be available. Multiple players couldn’t accept a single commission quest unless it were specifically a team-based quest. Moreover, depending on the difficulty ranking, the number of available commissioned quests would change.

For example, Fine-Gold adventurers were allowed to accept a maximum of B-rank commission quests. However, there were very few quests available to Fine-Gold adventurers. They’d be lucky if they got their hands on a C-rank commission. It was even more difficult for Dark-Gold adventurers.

In addition, the Adventurer’s Association did not update the commission quests at regular intervals; the updates were random. Hence, nobody knew when high-rank quests would resurface. As a result, the competition between high-ranking adventurers became even more intense.

Epic adventurers were the only exception as they would be granted a designated S-rank quest each week.

Commission quests were different from public quests. Take Epic and Legendary Quests for example. If the players who accepted these quests failed to complete them within the stipulated time frame, they would suffer a severe penalty, but players wouldn’t be punished for failing the Adventurer’s Association’s commission quests. Players only needed to pay a deposit before accepting a commission quest. This deposit was generally in the form of Coins or Magic Crystals, and the more difficult a quest was, the higher its deposit would be.

When a player completed a commission quest, their deposit would be returned to them alongside the corresponding rewards. On the other hand, if a player failed, they wouldn’t get their deposit back. One could say that the deposit replaced the punishment for failure.

Hence, players generally preferred to challenge a high-difficulty commission quest as the most they would lose was some Coins or Magic Crystals. Compared to the potential rewards, the loss was nothing.

“I wish to accept a commission. May I see a list of the available quests?” Shi Feng asked the administrator.

“That won’t be a problem. Please follow me.” The administrator nodded.

Following which, the administrator led Shi Feng to the second floor’s VIP reception room and retrieved a list of commissions, handing it to Shi Feng.

There sure are quite a few high-rank quests available.

Shi Feng was inwardly astonished.

When he had come in search of commissions in the past, he had rarely found D-rank commissions, much less C-rank. Even when some had been available, they had generally been very difficult.

However, he was now the only person in Star-Moon Kingdom to complete a Tier 2 promotion. He had no competition. The number of available quests was staggering.

There were 22 S-rank commissions available at the moment, which only Epic adventurers could accept. As for A-rank commissions, which only Dark-Gold adventurers and higher could accept, there were 458 available. B-rank commissions numbered 5,163. As for the commissions below B-rank, needless to say, there were far more. All of these commissions were available throughout the various cities in Star-Moon Kingdom.

Shi Feng was simply amazed.

B-rank commissions already offered bountiful rewards. Even the most common B-rank commission would award a piece of Secret-Silver Equipment of the same level, with more difficult quests awarding Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment of the same level. After reaching Level 50 and beyond, it would be extremely difficult to obtain Secret-Silver Equipment, not to mention Fine-Gold Equipment.

However, these factors weren’t the most important aspect of commission quests.

Once players completed a commissioned quest, the Adventurer’s Association would award a corresponding number of Contribution Points. Although players could exchange these points for weapons and equipment, players could also purchase valuable Tier 2 Skill Books.

When players reached Tier 2 in God’s Domain, they would no longer be able to learn basic Tier 2 Skills from their class instructors as they had during Tier 1. Normally, players could only obtain Tier 2 Skills by completing quests or from loot and Treasure Chests. One of the most frequently used methods to obtain Tier 2 Skill Books was through the Adventurer’s Association.

Tier 2 Skills were much stronger than Tier 1 Skills. Whenever Tier 2 players obtained a Tier 2 Skill or upgrading their Tier 1 Skill to Tier 2, their combat power would increase significantly.

Many players had rushed to the Adventurer’s Association to compete for commission quests every day in the past. As the game progressed, the Adventurer’s Association would become even more popular.

Sure enough, these three quests are still the available SSS-ranked commissions.

Shi Feng quickly located the three most difficult quests available throughout Star-Moon Kingdom.

Normally, S-rank commissions were considered kingdom-level quests. In other words, success and failure could affect an entire kingdom. Needless to say, these were incredibly difficult quests. Only powerful Epic adventurers could hope to challenge them.

SS-rank quests were obviously more important than S-rank. Normally, these quests could affect two or three kingdoms or an empire.

SSS-rank commissions could determine a country’s rise or fall. Normally, encountering such a quest heavily relied on luck.

Now, however, three of these quests were available, and they were Revenge of the Fallen, Undead Resurrection, and Ancient Orc Empire. These three quests had been very well-known in Star-Moon Kingdom in the past.

However, not a single player had completed any of these quests. It had been one of the Star-Moon Kingdom’s regrets as any one of these quests could lift the kingdom to prominence.

In the past, there had been a country called the Golden Sands Kingdom. Due to the kingdom’s Epic adventurers completing the first three SSS-rank commissions the system offered, the kingdom had grown to become the Golden Sands Empire. Not only had the kingdom annexed its two neighbors during its promotion, but it also grew to occupy several massive, neutral maps. This incident had shocked God’s Domain.

Nobody had ever thought that Epic adventurers had that kind of ability.

Of course, those Epic adventurers had only completed the SSS-rank commissions due to them being as difficult as upper-rank Epic Quests.

One of the reasons that Shi Feng wanted to become an Epic adventurer so quickly in this life was that he wanted to promote Star-Moon Kingdom to Star-Moon Empire.