Chapter 1329 - Rank Upgraded

Chapter 1329 – Rank Upgraded

The round table meeting room fell silent after hearing Singular Burial’s command.

“Guild Leader, although Abandoned Wave has created more monsters in the Frozen Scar, they’re not fully grown yet. They will need at least two or three more days before they reach maturity. If we declare war on Zero Wing now…”

Everyone attempted to persuade Singular Burial to be patient and wait a little longer.

“What’s there to worry about? You’ve witnessed these Evil Beasts’ strength for yourselves. Even before reaching maturity, they’re terrifying creatures. The only reason that we’re helping Abandoned Wave create Evil Beasts is to prevent every Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom from working together against us. We’ll just use the Evil Beasts to raid Stone Forest Town. It’ll be a piece of cake.

“We won’t even need to dispatch our forces to the raid. Abandoned Wave can take care of it easily without our help. At most, the other Guilds will suspect that we’re related to Abandoned Wave and his beasts. Without concrete proof, they won’t work together to challenge us.

“When Abandoned Wave captures Stone Forest Town, Zero Wing’s members and the independent players in the town will become sacrifices for the army. Abandoned Wave can then nurture even more Evil Beasts. Even if the various Guilds discover our relationship, it will be too late to do anything about it.

“Alright, see to the necessary preparations right away!” Everyone grew excited as they listened to Singular Burial’s reasoning.

If Heaven’s Burial secured Stone Forest Town, the two towns would provide a stable source of Coins and Magic Crystals for the Guild. With the help of the monster army, it would only be a matter of time before they took control of Star-Moon Kingdom. At that point, only God’s Domain’s various superpowers would pose any threat.

Heaven’s Burial’s upper echelons exploded into action.

…

Meanwhile, in Stone Forest Town, Shi Feng discreetly returned to Zero Wing’s Residence after the competition in the Battle Arena.

In the Guild Hall’s basement, Shi Feng carefully took the Hero’s Chapter from his bag. He placed it on the magic array in the center of the hall and began to chant an incantation.

As the Hero’s Chapter sat within the array, the hall’s Mana surged towards it.

Suddenly, balls of light appeared in the center of the array. These balls of light began to gather and form a humanoid shape as if they were constructing a body. Once the shape was complete, the Hero’s Chapter transformed into divine runes that entered the body.

Hopefully, the Hero isn’t too weak,

Shi Feng silently prayed as he watched the body gradually take shape inside the magic array.

The Heroes summoned with the Hero’s Chapter shared the same starting point. However, their Growth Potential varied like Personal Guards. Only, Heroes typically had very high Growth Potential. Even the weakest among them could reach Level 180, Tier 5, while some could climb as high as Level 200, Tier 5.

Even in the past, Shi Feng had never heard of a Hero reaching Tier 6 God rank. However, it was rumored that if one gathered a sufficient number of Hero’s Chapters, they could summon a Tier 6 Hero to defend their town or city. Unfortunately, nobody had succeeded, so Shi Feng did not know if the rumor were true.

Time passed quickly. After the balls of light vanished, a robust man in black robes and wielding a blood-red greatsword appeared before Shi Feng.

It seems my luck is still quite good. At least I didn’t summon the weakest kind of Hero.

Shi Feng could not help but breathe a sigh of relief after he checked the Hero’s Attribute Panel.

There was a 60% chance to summon the most common Hero when using the Hero’s Chapter. Such Heroes growth was limited to Level 180, Tier 4.

There was a 30% chance to summon a Hero with good potential. The combat power of such Heroes could reach the peak of Tier 4. They could also reach Level 200.

Only 10% of the Heroes summoned could reach Tier 5.

The Hero standing before Shi Feng was among the 30% with good potential. It also had the Barbarian hidden class.

The Barbarian was an advanced class. Its Strength was even higher than Berserkers. Amongst the many advanced classes, its Strength ranked among the top three.

–

[Gilbert] (Hero, Great Lord, Barbarian)

Level 63

HP 40,000,000/40,000,000

Growth Potential: 84

–

In God’s Domain, Heroes were not actually considered human, although they were. They had human parents but had received the Gods’ blessings, which increased their Life Ratings. Hence, they were far more powerful than ordinary human NPCs. They could even rival Archaic Species of the same tier

Every large Guild that had obtained a Hero’s Chapter in the past hadn’t hesitated to summon one to protect their Guild cities.

After summoning Gilbert, Shi Feng designated him as the commander of Stone Forest Town’s army, giving him control of the 2,000 NPC guards the town employed. Aside from their personal strength, Heroes were powerful managers. One Hero was more than enough to manage every NPC guard in an Advanced Town, not to mention an Intermediate Town like Stone Forest Town. With this, players wouldn’t have to be responsible for the town’s security.

Shortly after summoning Gilbert, Shi Feng heard the sound of a system notification.

–

System: Congratulations. Stone Forest Town, which is under your management, has achieved C-rank security. Activating Private Space Upgrade System. Once a private space has been upgraded, players can enjoy even more benefits.

System: Stone Forest Town is the first town to achieve C-rank security in Star-Moon Kingdom. Do you wish to allow the Adventurer’s Association to enter and garrison the town?

–

There is also such a reward?

Shi Feng was ecstatic.

Players couldn’t construct the Adventurer’s Association, Lifestyle Association, War God’s Temple, Library, or the Bank. Similarly, there were no designs for these establishments. Only after a player town reached a certain rank would these establishments occupy the town.

Practically every player in the game visited the Adventurer’s Association, for example.

Normally, the Adventurer’s and Lifestyle Associations would only occupy a town after it upgraded to Advanced rank and B-rank security. As for the War God’s Temple, Library, and Bank, they would only occupy Small Cities or above with B-rank security.

These five establishments had an even greater function in player towns and cities than in NPC cities.

Take the Adventurer’s Association for example. As long as the establishment occupied a player town, players would be able to accept commission quests unique to the kingdom and commission and rare quests unique to the town. As the town flourished, more quests would become available. The chance of high-ranking commissions appearing would also increase.

Some players had even received SSS-rank commissions in a particular player city in the past. However, that player city hadn’t been just any city. It had been the Secret Pavilion’s main city.

If Stone Forest Town could attract the Adventurer’s Association now, it would become far more popular with players.

Independent players would no longer have to return to NPC cities to turn in their quests. They could simply do so in Stone Forest Town.

Following which, Shi Feng agreed to allow the Adventurer’s Association to occupy Stone Forest Town. He only needed to choose a location for the building. As for the construction fees, the system covered it fully; he didn’t have to pay a single Coin.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng placed the Adventurer’s Association near both the Candlelight Trading Firm and the private housing area.

The players that had purchased private houses in Stone Forest Town also received a corresponding system notification.

Suddenly, a three-story building rose in Stone Forest Town’s crowded central district. The building took shape as players watched.

“What is Zero Wing constructing this time?”

“That can’t be it. If it were a player-constructed building, it wouldn’t complete so fast. The system must be generating this. Could it be a Shop for wandering merchants?”

“That might be the case. Based on my research, once a town reaches a certain point in its development, it’ll gain a Mysterious Shop. I hear that it offers plenty of valuable items.”

“Isn’t that just another benefit for the players who own houses in Stone Forest Town? How are we supposed to compete with them now? Normally, I have to waste hours traveling to and from Stone Forest Town when I go out to grind. Anyone that owns a house can simply teleport back!”

After discussing the possibilities for about ten minutes, the players stared at the finished building. A signboard hung near its door, advertising two words.

Adventurer’s Association!