Chapter 1326 - A Moment Of Splendour

Chapter 1326 – A Moment of Splendour

So fast!

Although Evil Fire’s Ghost Steps hadn’t confused Shi Feng, Evil Fire moved so fast that he could only catch a glimpse of the Berserker’s afterimage. In the blink of an eye, Evil Fire had reached his side.

While under the effects of Twofold Berserk, Evil Fire’s Strength was on par with a Great Lord. Moreover, he had surpassed an ordinary Great Lord.

As the purple glow descended on him, Shi Feng intercepted it with Abyssal Blade.

Although Shi Feng’s Attack Speed could not outstrip Evil Fire’s, his Tier 2 physique gave him godlike reaction speed. Before Evil Fire had begun to swing his greatsword, Shi Feng had already started swinging the Abyssal Blade.

Parry!

When the Storm Warblade collided with the Abyssal Blade, a loud boom shook the tournament hall, the resulting impact scattering the dust on the stage.

Suddenly, a figure flew out of the dust cloud and slammed into the ground over ten yards away. This figure was none other than Shi Feng.

The Abyssal Blade in Shi Feng’s hand still vibrated from the impact.

Sure enough, he has the Strength of a Strength-based Great Lord of the same level,

Shi Feng thought when he felt his hand numbed.

No wonder why he is so confident against me.

…

Meanwhile, the audience members in the spectator stands were stupefied.

“Is he a monster?”

“What kind of Strength is this?! Was his Strength just as high as Ye Feng’s?!”

Due to Evil Fire’s attack, the air above the stage seemed as if it had split in half. It looked like a cracked mirror.

…

“What?! He can use Twofold Berserk as well?!” Blackie’s jaw dropped. “Just who are these people?”

As far as they knew, Twofold Berserk was Shi Feng’s trademark move. By activating Twofold Berserk, he could gain the strength to fight opponents of a higher tier for a short time. Against players without Twofold Berserk, he had an overwhelming advantage.

Throughout Zero Wing, no one, aside from Shi Feng and Gentle Snow, could block Evil Fire’s attacks. Even Fire Dance was no exception.

Blackie found it truly hard to imagine that a group of independent players would not only possess so many skilled fighters, but also have someone in possession of a Peak Legacy. Not even most first-rate Guilds had players with Peak Legacies. The majority of those Guilds’ Legacies were limited to Basic and Advanced rank.

…

“Ye Feng is doomed. Evil’s Divine Warrior hidden class is a Peak Legacy famed for its destructive power. Not only does its Legacy Berserk Skill increase Strength, Agility, and Endurance by 120%, but it also boosts the user’s reaction speed and Movement Speed by 100%. It’s one of the strongest Berserk Skills available. Even if Ye Feng has the Attributes of a Great Lord of the same level, this is still a one-sided fight.” Falling Flower’s words were tinged with admiration as she watched Evil Fire.

After their team leader had obtained the Divine Warrior Legacy item, everyone in the team had attempted to obtain the Legacy. Unfortunately, only Evil Fire had succeeded in the end.

As long as players with Peak Legacies had a little talent, they would qualify to reach the peak of God’s Domain. Whether or not the player in question succeeded would depend on luck and effort.

…

Once the dust settled on the stage, Evil Fire charged at Shi Feng again. However, he didn’t use Ghost Steps this time. Instead, his dash was straightforward, without techniques. He also completely disregarded his defenses.

As he reached his opponent, Evil Fire used Cross Slash, which could even injure a Tier 3 Great Lord, against Shi Feng.

Against one of the publicly-acknowledged strongest Peak Legacies in God’s Domain, Shi Feng couldn’t be careless.

Heavenly Dragon’s Power!

Suddenly, golden scales covered Shi Feng’s body.

Dragon’s Authority!

Suddenly, Shi Feng exuded an aura that froze the space above the stage, creating an eerie silence. The change forced Evil Fire to slow slightly. However, he quickly reacted by activating a Control Removal Skill. Although he couldn’t dispel Dragon’s Authority’s suppression, holding it off for two or three seconds would be enough.

With only eight yards separating the fighters, Evil Fire adjusted his attack method abruptly, changing his Storm Warblade’s trajectory. In the next moment, four purple arcs flew at Shi Feng. All four arches moved at the same pace and targeted Shi Feng’s blind spots.

This is… Four Extreme Slashes!

Shi Feng could not help his surprise when he saw this move.

The Extreme Slash was Miracle Dragon’s trademark move, unavailable to outsiders.

Although Evil Fire used the same technique as Miracle Dragon, who could easily execute Six Extreme Slashes, executing Four Extreme Slashes was impressive.

Sword’s Orbit!

Dang… Dang… Dang…

Shi Feng blocked all four slashes perfectly before they were within five yards. Stunned, Evil Fire stopped his advance.

How is this possible?! How is his Strength higher than mine?!

Evil Fire stared at Shi Feng in shock.

Not only had his slashes failed to damage Shi Feng, but he had also lost over 800 HP. Although he had more than 150,000 HP in total, the fact that he had lost in a direct confrontation was unbelievable.

However, Shi Feng did not intend to give Evil Fire any time to think as the Abyssal Blade soared towards the Berserker’s neck.

Shadow Blade!

Suddenly, nine shadow weapons appeared around Evil Fire, surrounding him. Each shadow could exert 120% of Shi Feng’s Strength. The attack was already close to that of a Grand Lord.

As Evil Fire realized the precariousness of his situation, his gaze turned serious, and he shouted.

Suddenly, countless wind blades formed around Evil Fire’s body. The wind blades then flew out in all directions, shattering Shi Feng’s shadows. The Swordsman was forced to stop his assault as he used Defensive Blade to protect himself.

Even so, Defensive Blade’s block count was insufficient to stop all of the wind blades. Once the block counts were exhausted, each wind blade dealt around -3,100 damage. In total, Shi Feng had been struck 11 times, his HP decreasing by over 34,000.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng had lost one-tenth of his HP.

Is this the Storm Warblade’s Storm Assault? What a terrifying weapon. Without Heavenly Dragon’s Power’s Defense and HP boost, I would’ve been forced to activate Absolute Defense.

Evil Fire, who was enveloped in flowing, purple-hued air, had surprised Shi Feng once again.

The Storm Warblade had two major Skills. The first was Storm Assault. When activated, the Skill created hundreds of wind blades that the user could control to attack any targets within 30-yards. Each wind blade possessed 110% of the player’s Strength. However, they could only cause 50% of the player’s damage. The Skill had a duration of 5 seconds and a Cooldown of 15 minutes.

However, the current Storm Warblade before Shi Feng was incomplete. Evil Fire couldn’t control hundreds of wind blades yet. Though, controlling dozens of wind blades wasn’t a problem.

The second major Skill was called Storm Domain, and it was the cause of the purple whirlwind enveloping Evil Fire. When activated, the Skill allowed the user to suppress any target within a 50-yard radius using powerful wind. Moreover, the closer the target was to the storm’s epicenter, the stronger the suppression would become. Due to these two Active Skills, players who wielded the Storm Warblade were extremely powerful in melee combat.

“I had never thought that I’d be forced to use my final trump card before my match with Black Flame.” Admiration filled Evil Fire’s gaze as he looked at Shi Feng. He hadn’t only dared to challenge the top ten experts on the God’s Domain Expert List just because of his Twofold Berserk. Another important reason the Storm Warblade in his hands. “Fortunately, since I’ve used that trump card, this battle is over!”

Saying so, Evil Fire dashed towards Shi Feng and executed Four Extreme Slashes yet again. At the same time, over 50 wind blades flew at Shi Feng from all directions.

However, when Evil Fire was still twelve yards away from Shi Feng, the latter vanished and reappeared before Evil Fire.

Tier 2 Taboo Skill, Instant Strike!

Sword’s Orbit!

Even with Storm Domain’s suppression, Shi Feng created a beautiful galaxy around him and bombarded Evil Fire with one star after another.

Not only had Shi Feng shattered Evil Fire’s Four Extreme Slashes, but the resplendent stars also pierced Evil Fire’s body, each star devouring over 90,000 HP.

Before Evil Fire could react, his vision darkened and his body collapsed to the ground. The screen above the stage revealed the victor’s name.

Ye Feng!