Chapter 1327 - Impossible Competition

Chapter 1327 – Impossible Competition

As the system announced the duel’s victor, silence fell over the tournament hall, followed by the gasps.

“What’s going on? Hadn’t the Berserker, Evil Fire, had the advantage?”

“Are those two monsters? They are so fast! I didn’t even have time to react!”

“Is this a fight between peak experts?”

…

The sudden reversal and end of the duel befuddled the ordinary players present. However, some of the experts who had watched the match had a rough understanding of what had happened.

Although it was impossible for the naked eye to keep up with Shi Feng and Evil Fire’s fight, they could watch the recording in slow motion, gaining a clear view of what had occurred.

“Evil Fire’s Attributes can definitely rival that of a Tier 3 Great Lord. If we fought, he’d most likely annihilate our 100-man team, yet he couldn’t block Ye Feng’s attacks. Just how strong is Ye Feng?”

“Is Zero Wing a Guild of monsters?”

Unlike ordinary players, expert players could judge a player’s strength accurately. Hence, they were aware of how powerful Evil Fire was. The Berserker was definitely a peak expert, an existence they looked up to and sought to become.

Yet, Ye Feng so easily defeated such an expert. The spectating experts even began to wonder if they had made a mistake in their judgment of Evil Fire’s strength.

Meanwhile, among those present, no one was more excited about the outcome than Zero Wing’s members.

Zero Wing’s members looked at Shi Feng with reverence.

The Guild’s many consecutive losses had frustrated them. However, they hadn’t been able to do anything about it. After all, the fighters they had dispatched were Guild experts. If not even the Guild experts were a match were Evil Fire’s group, then what hope did the elite and normal members have?

However, as soon as Shi Feng had ascended to the stage, he had turned the situation around. First, he had killed Mighty Tiger, today’s reigning champion, in a single move. Then, he destroyed a monster like Evil fire in the blink of an eye.

Zero Wing’s members were both stunned and exhilarated.

Meanwhile, the other Guilds’ members, who had bad-mouthed Zero Wing, had fallen mute.

“Just who is this guy?! Even our team leader has to dodge Evil’s attacks when he uses Twofold Berserk and the Storm Warblade’s Skills, yet that guy faced him head on! Is he even a player? He can’t be an NPC in disguise, right?” Falling Flower stared at Shi Feng with wide eyes. No matter how many times she looked at the Swordsman, she could not believe the match’s outcome.

She had experienced Evil’s Storm Domain personally. Even ten yards away from Evil Fire, the tremendous pressure had suppressed her. If she moved any closer, she’d be lucky if she could use 50% of her Attack Speed and reaction speed.

“It seems Zero Wing is not as simple as we had thought. We’ll need to adjust our plans,” Unwavering Hand said somberly as he glanced at Shi Feng. “But first, we need to notify the team leader.”

The other group members nodded, wearing morose expressions.

They had planned to challenge the number one Guilds in the various kingdoms and empires to increase their adventurer team’s fame, yet before they had even challenged Zero Wing to an official match, Shi Feng had shut them down…

As soon as Evil Fire resurrected below the stage, he ran up to Shi Feng, who was descending the stairs.

“Do you have some business to discuss?” Shi Feng asked, smiling.

If Evil Fire had fought him before he had completed his Tier 2 promotion, he would have likely been forced to use Twofold Berserk and many of his trump cards. After all, despite looking like an unrefined savage, Evil Fire was a bona fide Flowing Water Realm expert. Zero Wing didn’t have a single expert, aside from himself, that had a chance of defeating the Berserker.

Reaching the Flowing Water Realm by the age of 20 was a miraculous feat. He would definitely be considered a genius in any superpower. If given enough time, Evil Fire could reach the apex of God’s Domain.

“I’d just like to say a few things. I lost this match. I won’t challenge Black Flame until I can defeat you. It won’t be long before I issue another challenge. I will win, and then I’ll challenge Black Flame to an honorable duel!” Confidence shown in Evil Fire’s eyes as he spoke with Shi Feng.

While he had suffered a miserable loss, he had gained just as much.

He had only recently obtained the Storm Warblade. He hadn’t had a lot of time to get used to the weapon. Most importantly, he was close to completing the fourth phase of an Epic Quest. After he visited the secret land and obtained the Skill that could counter Shi Feng’s godlike speed, he could definitely put up a good fight against the Swordsman.

“Challenge me?” Shi Feng could not help but laugh. “Allow me to refuse. I don’t have that much time on my hands.”

“What? Are you afraid?” Evil Fire ridiculed the Swordsman.

“You don’t have to provoke me. I really don’t have that much time,” Shi Feng said, chuckling as he shook his head. “If every person were like you and challenged me once every two or three days after their defeat, I might as well stop playing this game. If you really want to challenge me, I’ll make you a deal. Defeat either Flying Shadow or Shadow Sword. If you succeed, I’ll accept your challenge. How about it?”

“Are you kidding me? Although they are skilled, they can’t even beat Mighty Tiger, who’s just at the Refinement Realm. How could they possibly defeat me?” Evil Fire growled angrily.

“I don’t mean right now. Seven days. In seven days, you can challenge either one of them. As long as you defeat one, I’ll accept your challenge,” Shi Feng said, laughing. “If you don’t feel up to it, you can always give up. It’d be easier for me.”

“Seven days?” Evil Fire gave Shi Feng a cold look. “You think they can grow strong enough to defeat me in just seven days? What a joke.”

“Since you don’t believe me, why don’t we make a bet?” Shi Feng offered as he turned to the distant Flying Shadow and Shadow Sword. “If you defeat either of them in seven days, you’ll win. If not, I will. If you win, you can tell me to do one thing. If I win, you’ll have to do something for me. What do you think?”

“If I win, I’ll make you leave Zero Wing. Are you willing to do that?” Evil Fire said, scoffing.

“Of course.” Shi Feng nodded seriously.

“Fine. You better not regret this.” Evil Fire glanced at Flying Shadow and Shadow Sword. Although he did not know what kind of tricks Shi Feng was trying to play, those two wouldn’t be able to defeat him in God’s Domain even if they had another ten years to train.

As Evil Fire left, Aqua Rose walked over to Shi Feng.

“Guild Leader, have you lost your mind?” Aqua Rose said, clearly angry. In her eyes, Shi Feng was simply too irresponsible. He had actually agreed to such a bet. What if he lost? “You are fully aware of how strong Evil Fire is. Snow is likely the only one, aside from you, with the strength to fight that man. Even Fire would be forced to run and dodge if he used Twofold Berserk. Although Flying Shadow and Shadow Sword have improved very quickly, they are still a long way from reaching the Refinement Realm. How can they possibly defeat Evil Fire in seven days?”

“Relax. God created the world in seven days; I should be able to do this much,” Shi Feng said, chuckling at Aqua Rose’s wrath.

Evil Fire was a bona fide genius. Although he had not heard about the Berserker in the past, with Evil Fire’s status as an independent player, it would be a huge waste not to poach such a talent.

If he wanted to recruit a prideful expert like Evil Fire, this was the quickest and most effective method.

It might’ve been impossible to train Flying Shadow and Shadow Sword to defeat Evil Fire in just seven days before, but the situation had changed.

Seeing Shi Feng’s confident smile, Aqua Rose could not help but sigh and give up her attempt to persuade him.

All she could do now was assign as many resources as possible to Flying Shadow and Shadow Sword, helping them improve as much as possible.

Once the duel had ended and everyone prepared to leave the tournament hall, Shi Feng walked onto the stage once more. Immediately, he attracted everyone’s attention.

“What? Is there going to be another match?”

“The money I spent to watch today’s fights were worth every Coin!”

Everyone grew excited when they saw Shi Feng on the stage. Although the majority of these players couldn’t keep up with battles between experts of Shi Feng’s level, such fights were an eye-opener.

“Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming to watch the competition today. On behalf of Zero Wing, I have two announcements. Starting tomorrow, Zero Wing’s Candlelight Trading Firm will sell a limited number of Stone Forest Town’s private houses each day. Zero Wing has also activated the Private House Upgrade System. From now on, owners can upgrade their houses!”

The players in the venue gasped and cheered like raving lunatics. Many of those present contacted their companions to convey the shocking news.

The news spread like the plague, causing a commotion throughout Star-Moon Kingdom.