Chapter 1325 - Difference In Tiers

Chapter 1325 – Difference in Tiers

Above the stage, the duel’s timer counted down, second after second.

Tension gripped the audience in the spectator stands. Their focus was glued to the stage.

It was the first time a match of such high standards had occurred in Stone Forest Town’s Battle Arena.

Not even the major tournament, which was held once every fifteen days, could hold a candle to this upcoming match.

After all, Shi Feng, who had killed today’s undefeated champion instantly, stood on one side. On the other side stood Evil Fire. Although Evil Fire had yet to fight, his weapon, equipment, and frightening aura were enough proof of his strength. There was also the fact that Evil Fire’s group treated him like a leader. All these factors suggested that Evil Fire was far stronger than Mighty Tigers.

However, while nobody knew what kind of outcome to expect, they knew that they would miss the clash between these two players if they didn’t pay close attention.

When the timer reached zero, Evil Fire unsheathed the Storm Warblade from across his back and shouted. Arcs of blue electricity danced across his body. The intensity of his aura increased considerably. Right now, he seemed like a ferocious, prehistoric beast.

Evil Fire had just used his Berserk Skill, Lightning Beast’s Rampage. It was a super-rare Berserk Skill that increased its user’s Strength, Attack Speed, Movement Speed, and HP by 100% for 90 seconds.

“Let us begin!”

Evil Fire’s gaze sharpened as his near-tangible killing intent enveloped Shi Feng. It seemed as if Shi Feng was the only person in Evil Fire’s world. In his mind, the audience members below the stage and crowding the building didn’t even exist.

Why is his killing intent so powerful?!

The approaching Berserker surprised Shi Feng. His mind constantly warned him of an imminent threat, and he couldn’t help but focus on his opponent.

With his current strength, he could even go toe-to-toe against a Grand Lord. Only Tier 4 Mythic monsters might be able to give him a challenge, yet Evil Fire achieved the same by activating a Berserk Skill. For a moment, Shi Feng even felt as if Evil Fire had surpassed a Tier 4 Mythic monster. It was unbelievable.

Even the audience struggled to breathe, their expressions becoming indescribably grim.

“So strong! His aura alone is so powerful! Zero Wing’s in danger.” Many expert players looked at Evil Fire with fear in their eyes.

Meanwhile, Evil Fire left an afterimage behind him as he used Charge against Shi Feng, his speed increasing tremendously as he approached his opponent like a violent gale.

When Evil Fire was only ten yards away from Shi Feng, he adjusted his footwork.

Like Mighty Tiger, Evil Fire turned and circled around Shi Feng. He used the same strategy as Mighty Tiger. Only, this time, not even the experts in the audience could keep up with Evil Fire’s speed.

Mighty Tiger, who had returned to the VIP stands, could not help but laugh. “Hahaha! Ye Feng must be stunned! I’m not the only one who knows how to use Ghost Steps! And Evil is way better than I am! Even our team leader had to be careful against Evil!”

He could only mesmerize his enemies with his Ghost Steps. However, Evil Fire’s Ghost Steps could force his opponents to focus on him and nothing else, causing his enemies to make all sorts of mistakes.

It did not even matter if his opponent’s Attributes were higher than his.

After all, one’s Attributes were only useful if they hit their target. If they couldn’t land a hit, all the Strength in the world would be useless. Furthermore, Evil Fire had activated his Berserk Skill. His Strength and speed were both superior to Shi Feng’s. The duel would end the moment Shi Feng made the slightest error.

When Evil Fire was within eight yards of Shi Feng’s side, his footwork changed once more. Unlike Mighty Tiger, Evil Fire didn’t circle to Shi Feng’s back. Instead, he charged at Shi Feng’s side, swinging his greatsword and sending a purple arc towards the Swordsman’s neck.

Beheaded!

Suddenly, Killing Ray appeared in the Storm Warblade’s attack trajectory.

So fast!

Evil Fire was stunned to see the Sacred Sword. He had not even noticed Shi Feng swing his blade.

Although Shi Feng’s reaction speed surprised him, he didn’t falter. On the contrary, Evil responded with a sneer.

While Evil Fire found it surprising that Shi Feng had seen through his Ghost STeps and executed a proper defense, Shi Feng hadn’t activated his Berserk Skill when the match had begun. Even if Shi Feng activated a Berserk Skill now, he would still have an absolute advantage in terms of Strength over the Swordsman. Even if Shi Feng blocked the attack, the impact would knock back the Swordsman.

He could then continue his fierce assault and force Shi Feng to use his Lifesaving Skills. Once Shi Feng expended the Skill, he could easily kill the Swordsman.

Dang!

However, the instant the two Famed Swords collided, Evil Fire’s expression changed.

How?! Did he use a Berserk Skill?!

Evil Fire was surprised to feel the sensation in his arms.

As his greatsword struck Killing Ray, it felt as if he had hit an indestructible wall. Rather than forcing the Sacred Sword back, the impact. His hands tingled, nearly numb. His HP had also fallen by over 100 points. In contrast, Shi Feng remained unharmed, still standing in his original position.

However, before Evil Fire could understand what had happened, Shi Feng’s Abyssal Blade was already moving towards Evil Fire’s ribs.

“Scram!”

When Evil Fire noticed the Abyssal Blade’s approach, he knew that he couldn’t block the attack. Despite his awkward posture, he forcefully executed Whirlwind Slash, using the AOE Skill to block the attack.

He had already upgraded his Whirlwind Slash to Tier 1, Level 10, and it was only a level away from Tier 2. The Strength he could exhibit while using the Skill was 50% higher than his normal attacks.

This time, Shi Feng was forced to take a step back as he received the attack. Seeing this, Evil Fire immediately pulled away from Shi Feng.

He had been forced to move awkwardly when he had executed Whirlwind Slash. Although he had managed to deflect Shi Feng’s blade, he was not in a good position to launch another attack. He needed to readjust his stance before doing so.

Ten yards separated Shi Feng and Evil Fire once more, both fighters observing each other quietly.

Although both sides had already clashed twice, the encounter had only lasted a brief moment. The clash had occurred so quickly that both fighters were ten yards away from each other before the audience could react.

The tournament hall fell silent.

“Impossible! He saw through Evil’s Ghost Steps and blocked the attack?! Is he even human?!” Mighty Tiger’s eyes nearly fell from their sockets as he looked at Shi Feng.

Previously, after activating his Berserk Skill, Evil Fire had relied on this same attack strategy to kill a superpower’s peak expert, yet Shi Feng had deflected the move effortlessly. The Swordsman had even forced Evil Fire to use Whirlwind Slash.

Excitement filled Evil Fire’s gaze as he watched Shi Feng. He felt as if he had just found a worthy rival.

“You really can’t trust rumors. I never expected Zero Wing to have such an impressive expert. Since you blocked my previous move, you must rank within the top 100 on the God’s Domain’s Expert List,” Evil Fire could not help but praise his enemy. “However, I told you that this duel would end very quickly if you hold back. This is my last warning. This will be the first time I try this next move. I had planned to save it for Black Flame, but I’ve decided to test it out on you first.”

Saying so, silver divine runes began to surface on Evil Fire’s arms and forehead, giving the Berserker a sacred feeling. Evil Fire’s aura also grew stronger.

Divine Warrior?

Shi Feng was shocked to see the silver divine runes on Evil Fire’s forehead.

In God’s Domain, aside from the Ten Great Saint Legacies, which he had only learned about in this life, there were the Sixteen Great Peak Legacies. These were the strongest among Peak Legacies.

One of them was the Divine Warrior!

As Evil Fire used Ghost Steps once more, more clones appeared around Shi Feng. To the audience, Evil Fire had just left long-lasting afterimages behind him. Before anyone had realized it, Evil Fire arrived a short distance away from Shi Feng’s side. It seemed as if two Evil Fires graced the stage.

“Die!”

Evil Fire tightened his grip on the Storm Warblade as he swung it at Shi Feng. The greatsword created a powerful gale as it sliced through the air. It seemed as if the greatsword had split the air as it descended on Shi Feng.