Chapter 1323 - Overwhelming

Chapter 1323 – Overwhelming

Blackie, Aqua Rose, and the other core members of Zero Wing in the spectator stands blinked in surprise.

“Guild Leader, you’re going to fight?” Turtledove, who stood by the stage, could not help but ask in surprise as Shi Feng walked towards her.

Shi Feng wasn’t wearing his Black Cloak, his appearance on display for all to see. However, even with an Identification Skill, players would only see his name, nothing else.

“Mhm. I want to see their true strength for myself.” Shi Feng nodded.

Although Blackie had sent him some of the opponents’ battle videos, Flying Shadow and the others hadn’t been able to force them to exhibit their true strength. They hadn’t used anything unique, so it wasn’t easy to relate them to God’s Domain’s past experts.

“Guild Leader, you need to be careful. When I fought him, I had the feeling that I couldn’t exert my full power. It was as if all of my attacks had struck a ball of cotton. The technique he used to finish me off was particularly mysterious. When I watched the battle videos of when he had used the same technique during the previous rounds, I only saw him move. There were no afterimages or anything. But when I had faced him myself, it felt as if he had been everywhere around me.”

Ghost Steps?

Hearing Turtledove’s experience, the only combat technique that came to Shi Feng’s mind was Ghost Steps. Like Void Steps, Ghost Steps was an advanced footwork technique. The technique made it difficult for opponents to predict the user’s attack trajectory. In the past, very few people in God’s Domain had used this technique. However, of the players Shi Feng could remember, none resembled the man on the stage.

…

“Ye Feng? It seems that Zero Wing is finally taking us seriously,” Evil Fire, who sat in the VIP stands, said, smiling as he watched Shi Feng.

According to his knowledge, after Black Flame, the next strongest experts were Fire Dance, Gentle Snow, Ye Feng, and Violet Cloud.

“Is he strong?” the menacing-looking man carrying a blood-red shield on his back and holding a hammer asked curiously.

“Unwavering, based on Evil’s reaction, he must be. It’s a pity that it is still Tiger’s turn to fight. If that player had just waited a little longer, it would’ve been my turn,” a gorgeous, graceful woman said as she toyed with the pitch-black dagger in her hand. The woman wore the Light of Darkness Set Equipment, a Level 45 Dark-Gold Set Equipment for Assassins. Sighing, she continued, “Watching from the sidelines is really boring.”

“Flower’s right. We shouldn’t have agreed to such long intervals. Thanks to that, Tiger’s getting all the good fights.”

The other group members nodded in agreement.

They were fully aware of how strong the Berserker, Mighty Tiger, was. He was already Level 44. He could easily rank among the top 10 on an empire’s Ranking List. Although he didn’t wear Level 45 Dark-Gold Set Equipment, he had two pieces of Growth-type Equipment on him and had already upgraded both to the Dark-Gold rank. They were much stronger than ordinary Dark-Gold Equipment. Their Attributes were also suitable for Berserkers.

Recently, Mighty Tiger had also his Growth-type Weapon, Howling Tomahawk, to Epic rank, raising his combat power to a whole new level. Even their team leader had said that, with Mighty Tiger’s standards, he could already challenge the top 200 experts on the God’s Domain Experts List.

Moreover, that was without using Ghost Steps.

But what about Star-Moon Kingdom?

Aside from Black Flame, who ranked 51st on the God’s Domain Experts List, the kingdom didn’t have a single player in the top 200. If anything, only Fire Dance, who had risen to the 215th position in the latest update, was worth their attention.

“As long as Tiger defeats Ye Feng, we just need to defeat Fire Dance or Gentle Snow. After that, I doubt that Black Flame will be able to just stand by. He’ll be forced to accept your challenge tomorrow, Evil.” Unwavering Hand said as he shifted his gaze to Aqua Rose and the other Zero Wing core members. “Evil, make sure to give it your all. The leader has a very favorable view of you. You will be representing our adventurer team in its debut fight. You can’t lose.”

“Big Brother Unwavering, I thought you were aware of my abilities. Just sit back and enjoy the fight tomorrow,” Evil Fire said, smiling.

He paid no attention whatsoever to Black Flame’s title of Sword King. He only had one goal: to rank among the top 10 on the God’s Domain Experts List.

…

Meanwhile, an uproar shook the spectator stands.

“Crap, isn’t that Ye Feng, Zero Wing’s Honorary Elder?”

“After losing so many matches, it seems Zero Wing had finally decided to get serious. That Berserker’s winning streak will come to an end.”

“That’s not certain. The previous Zero Wing experts were defeated so easily. Although the rumors about Ye Feng’s feats are impressive, that doesn’t mean he can defeat that Berserker.”

“That’s right! None of Zero Wing’s experts could reduce the Berserker’s HP to below 50%. This is also a melee battle; they can’t use any Skills, Spells, or tools. This shows how high the Berserker’s combat standards are. Even if he is going up against Ye Feng, I’m willing to bet that he has more than a 60% chance of winning. If anything, I don’t think anyone but Black Flame and Fire Dance can put up a fight.”

“I guess that’s true. Although the rumors about Ye Feng say that he is very powerful, his battle records are old. Now that everyone’s been playing God’s Domain for so long, their combat standards have improved significantly. I don’t think that Ye Feng can win that easily.”

…

The audience discussed the upcoming fight headedly. Meanwhile, members of the various large Guilds were eager to watch the fight. They hoped to watch Zero Wing humiliate itself.

…

Meanwhile, on the stage, Mighty Tiger glared at Shi Feng. He asked, “What? You wanna be my opponent?”

“That’s right,” Shi Feng answered calmly, nodding.

“The previous fights were over before I could even warm up. They were boring. Hopefully, you don’t disappoint me as well.” Mighty Tiger laughed as he glanced at Flying Shadow and the others, who sat in the spectator stands.

He had gained some insight about Shi Feng from Evil Fire. Rumored to be as strong as Fire Dance, who was ranked 215th on the God’s Domain Experts List, he should serve as a decent opponent.

Flying Shadow and his companions gritted their teeth when they heard Mighty Tiger’s comment. However, they couldn’t do anything about it. Despite having the advantage in terms of Basic Attributes, they had been defeated. This proved that Mighty Tiger’s combat techniques were superior to theirs.

“How do you want to set the rules of the match?” Shi Feng asked calmly, unperturbed by Mighty Tiger’s provocation.

“Same as before. No Spells, Skills, or tools are allowed. We’ll compete using only our techniques.” Mighty Tiger set the duel’s rules and sent Shi Feng a duel request. “If you’re not used to melee battles, I can only use 70% of my HP against you. You’ll win if you take me down to 30%.”

Hearing Mighty Tiger’s terms, the spectators gasped. They hadn’t expected Mighty Tiger to be so bold.

However, Mighty Tiger earned his arrogance. After all, none of Zero Wing’s experts had reduced his HP to below 50%.

“That’s fine. Let’s begin,” Shi Feng said nonchalantly.

Once both sides had agreed to the duel, a timer appeared above the stage.

5…

4…

3…

2…

1…

Start!

“Let’s see how strong you really are.”

As the duel began, Mighty Tiger retrieved the two axes from his back and dashed towards Shi Feng like a tiger pouncing on its prey. Shi Feng could feel the Berserker’s icy killing intent lock onto him. It was clear that the Berserker wasn’t like the players who only fought in games.

When Mighty Tiger was 10 yards away from Shi Feng, his footwork changed.

Sure enough, he’s using Ghost Steps,

Shi Feng thought when he saw Mighty Tiger’s body suddenly split into two identical clones, both moving in different directions. Very quickly, the two clones split into four and so on. It was as if Mighty Tiger had used a Skill to create doppelgangers or illusions. To players who could not use Skills or Spells, this was an extreme disadvantage.

“Tiger is taking this too seriously. He’s using Ghost Steps right off the bat. Ye Feng won’t even have a chance to display his skills,” Unwavering Hand said, shaking his head.

From the audience’s viewpoint, it seemed as if Mighty Tiger had approached Shi Feng head-on before turning abruptly and circling to his opponent’s side.

When Shi Feng and Mighty Tiger collided, a blue light flashed on the stage.

As Mighty Tiger turned to launch a follow-up attack, his vision started to grow dark. He then noticed a flower of blood bloom across his chest. Before he had realized what had happened, he collapsed to the ground behind Shi Feng.

“What just happened?” Everyone was confused as they stared at Mighty Tiger’s corpse, none of them knowing what had just happened.

Following which, the victor’s name appeared above the stage.

Ye Feng!