Chapter 1332 - There Is No Strongest, Only Stronger

Chapter 1332 – There is No Strongest, Only Stronger

Hearing Silent Wonder’s question, many of the other alchemists shifted their gazes towards Shi Feng, concern flashing in their eyes.

The Candlelight Trading Firm constantly expanded, increasing the number of Lifestyle players it recruited. Among them, many Advanced rank and talented alchemists preferred freedom over restriction.

Now, however, the Candlelight Trading Firm had suddenly offered benefits that could even tempt Master Alchemists, much less Advanced Alchemists like themselves.

“Official members are also Candlelight members, so of course they are included,” Shi Feng said, smiling.

He was fully aware of everyone’s concerns. However, the alchemy tools he had revealed were only the tip of the iceberg. They were only meant to lure more alchemists to join Candlelight. Previously, he hadn’t had the capital to do so, but things had changed. Meanwhile, to foster more talented alchemists, he could not limit the competition to the trading firm’s senior and core members.

Hearing this, Silent Wonder released a deep sigh of relief. She hadn’t expected Zero Wing to be so generous.

“As expected of Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one trading firm! Candlelight is incredible! Other trading firms simply can’t compare! It seems that my decision to join Candlelight was the right one after all!”

“The competition between alchemists will become more intense.”

…

Many of the other Advanced Alchemists grew excited. At the same time, though, they felt a significant amount of pressure.

If news of how even official members qualified to compete for the top ten spots went public, even alchemy fanatics who valued their freedom would join the Candlelight Trading Firm. After all, they would only be required to complete the firm’s daily tasks as official members. They were not required to do anything else. When they wanted to leave, they only had to pay a small severance fee.

The number of alchemists rushing to join the Candlelight Trading Firm would be staggering.

“I heard that your alchemy standards are quite good. Are you sure that you’re not interested in taking part in the core member selection?” Shi Feng asked Silent Wonder quietly.

“Thank you for your kind intentions, Guild Leader, but I am quite satisfied with my current situation.” Silent Wonder understood what Shi Feng had meant. However, she rejected the offer without hesitation.

Now that she had the opportunity to compete fairly, she was confident of obtaining one of the top three positions. Even if the other Advanced Alchemists had the trading firm’s full support, this outcome wouldn’t change.

Once she had the help of those alchemy tools, she could become a Master Alchemist.

Hearing Silent Wonder’s response, Shi Feng said nothing more. He was very familiar with the woman’s personality.

Practically every upper echelon in the various large Guilds in the past had known about God’s Domain’s Top Great Grandmaster Alchemists.

Despite Super Guilds relentlessly sending invitations, offering tempting promises, Silent Wonder had given the same reply.

“Guild Leader, why don’t we make some changes to the new benefits?” When Melancholic Smile saw Silent Wonder and several other Advanced Alchemists’ lack of interest in becoming core members, she had a suggestion. “Let’s only offer the Green Jade Set as a benefit for core members. This way, we should be able to convince more Advanced Alchemists to truly join Candlelight.”

Although giving every one of Candlelight’s alchemist a chance to compete for a set of Dark-Gold alchemy tools was effective in attracting capable alchemists to join the firm, it wasn’t an incentive to become a core member.

Melancholic Smile’s suggestion was a wise one.

If they tweaked the new benefits now, it would encourage the previously hesitant alchemists to sign the core member contract.

After all, even a Master Alchemist would be hard pressed to refuse access to a set of Dark-Gold alchemy tools.

“Relax. Do you think the benefits I’ve set will be easy for official members to obtain?” Shi Feng responded, chuckling. “If they can get their hands on the set, it’ll be my loss.”

“They can’t obtain them?” Melancholic Smile was confused.

Since Shi Feng had already promised that official members could participate in the competition, that meant that everyone would be competing fairly using their alchemy abilities. Currently, Silent Wonder and several other alchemy fanatics, who had not signed up to become core members, were considerably skilled. Melancholic was certain that Silent Wonder, in particular, would rank among the top three. If Silent Wonder worked harder and got lucky, it would not be impossible for her to obtain first place. So, how could she possibly not gain access to the new benefits?

However, Shi Feng did not bother to explain. While talent was important, resources couldn’t be overlooked. Although players valued their resources, they did not truly understand just how important external resources were to their development.

Following which, Shi Feng held the alchemists that had signed the agreement back while the rest returned to their work.

A total of 96 alchemists had chosen to stay behind. Among the 54 alchemists that left, the ratio of Advanced Alchemists was considerably high.

Fortunately, more Advanced Alchemists has signed the agreement than Shi Feng had expected.

“Since everyone present has decided to fight for the opportunity to become a Master, let’s start the test.”

Shi Feng then took a thick book from his bag and placed it on the table. Immediately, everyone felt the Mana in the room flow towards the book.

“What is that?”

These players were surprised as they looked at the tome on the table.

They had all seen powerful items before. However, this was the first time they had seen a book cause such a phenomenon.

“This test is slightly unique. I’m not going to test your alchemy success rates. Rather, I’m going to test your learning capabilities,” Shi Feng said, smiling as he gestured to the book on the table.

“Learning capabilities?”

Everyone was confused. Even Melancholic Smile could not figure out Shi Feng’s intentions.

Was he trying to test everyone’s memory?

“I believe you’ve all learned many basic alchemy techniques from Candlelight’s database, so you should have a clearer understanding of those techniques than I do.” Shi Feng then held up a slightly tattered book and displayed its Attribute Panel. “This book holds the record for a somewhat unique alchemy technique. You can call it a Secret Alchemy Technique. This Secret Alchemy Technique is several times more effective than the basic techniques you’ve already learned. If you can learn this technique within a fixed time, you’ll pass the test.

“Anyone who passes the test will qualify to read this Moon God’s Secret Record.”

Saying so, Shi Feng revealed the Moon God’s Secret Record.

“The Moon God’s Secret Record? Isn’t that one of the legendary Alchemy Scriptures?”

Everyone’s jaws dropped when they saw the ancient tome in Shi Feng’s hand; none of them could believe their eyes.

These players were all alchemists that frequently read various materials about alchemy in God’s Domain. They were all familiar with the items known as the Five Great Alchemy Scriptures. However, these items were nothing but dreams and legends to these players. They had assumed that they would never get to read one.

How could they not be shocked when Shi Feng took out the Moon God’s Secret Record?

The Moon God’s Secret Record could help one reach the pinnacle of alchemy. Even Grandmaster Alchemists dreamed of obtaining such a treasure.

Only now did everyone understand why they had been required to sign the contract before taking the test. If news of such a treasure leaked, it would shake the very foundations of the alchemy world.

Meanwhile, Melancholic Smile, who stood to a side, was utterly speechless.

Only now did she understand why Shi Feng had been generous enough to let every alchemist in Candlelight compete for those alchemy tools.

Compared to the Secret Alchemy Techniques and Moon God’s Secret Record, those tools were worthless.

“Now that you’ve seen the Moon God’s Secret Record, whether or not you qualify to read it will depend on you.”