Chapter 1338 - Defensive Siege Battle

Chapter 1338 – Defensive Siege Battle

After Phoenix Rain left, Nine Dragons Emperor returned to quietly sipping wine from his glass.

Martial Dragon, the burly man exuding chilling aura from behind Nine Dragons Emperor, asked quietly, “Pavilion Master, should I use this opportunity to send some people to destroy Zero Wing’s Residence in Lake Heart City?”

“The quest is about to start. There’s no need to waste the manpower. In any case, it is only a matter of time before Zero Wing crumbles,” Nine Dragons Emperor replied, smiling faintly as he watched Phoenix Rain’s departing figure.

With so many monsters assaulting Stone Forest Town, he wasn’t even certain that the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s full force could protect the town, much less Zero Wing’s.

Without Stone Forest Town, Zero Wing wouldn’t be able to help Phoenix Rain.

…

Meanwhile, standing in another corner in the lounge, Phoenix Rain waited a while before contacting Shi Feng.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, to what do I owe this pleasure?” Shi Feng asked. He could not help but poke fun at Phoenix Rain when he saw the woman’s anxious expression.

Due to Phoenix Rain’s sudden call, he had been forced to end the meeting early and find a reception room to remove his Black Flame disguise. Only then did he accept the call.

“Do you really have to ask?” Phoenix Rain rolled her eyes. Getting straight to the point, she retorted, “Who doesn’t know about Stone Forest Town’s situation right now? Although I can’t supply any manpower, I can lend you a few war weapons.”

“War weapons?” Shi Feng hadn’t expected Phoenix Rain to be so generous. All of the large Guilds treated war weapons like priceless treasure. They wouldn’t even think of using these items if they could avoid it, much less lending them to someone else. They only put these items to use during crucial moments. “Let’s forget about the weapons. How many Magic Crystals do you have on hand?”

“You don’t need the weapons?” Phoenix Rain was slightly surprised. She couldn’t understand what Shi Feng was thinking. War weapons could be a saving grace during a monster siege, yet based on Shi Feng’s reaction, it was obvious that he wasn’t interested. “I’ve already spent most of the Magic Crystals that I borrowed from Zero Wing. Right now, I only have around 50,000 or so left. If you need them, I can have Blue send them over right away. But that’s all I have.”

“Fifty thousand?” After pondering for a brief moment, Shi Feng said, “That should be barely enough. Thank you for the help, Phoenix Pavilion Master. Regarding the 300,000 Magic Crystals that you’ve borrowed, we’ll write off the interest.”

Phoenix Rain had wanted to respond, but as soon as Shi Feng finished speaking, he disconnected the call.

Blue Phoenix walked over and asked, “Big Sis Rain, how did it go? Should I send some people to retrieve the Gnome Cannons from the Guild Warehouse?”

“No. Just take 50,000 Magic Crystals to Stone Forest Town,” Phoenix Rain said, waving her hand.

“No?” Blue Phoenix was surprised. “We’re talking about tools of war. They can definitely help defend the town. Is Zero Wing really so confident of protecting Stone Forest Town against so many monsters?”

“I doubt that Zero Wing would fool around with Stone Forest Town,” Phoenix Rain said, uncertain. “Hopefully Zero Wing can defend it. As a preventive measure, take the Gnome Cannons and special ammunition with you.”

Zero Wing was going up against more than 500,000 monsters, and even the weakest among those monsters was a Level 60 Elite. Even the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion wouldn’t be able to guarantee the town’s safety. She found it truly hard to believe that all Zero Wing needed was a few Magic Crystals.

“Understood.” Blue Phoenix nodded before leaving the lounge.

…

A horde of Evil Beasts had surrounded Stone Forest Town. Looking at these monsters, the Zero Wing members stationed atop the town’s ramparts felt their knees grow weak. The players that had come to watch the battle were just as shocked.

There was a great discrepancy between the information they had received and what lay before them.

While the reports had stated that the weakest monsters within the monster army were Level 60 Elites was true, these Level 60 Elites did not make up the majority of the army. They weren’t even a quarter of the enemy’s forces. Rather, most of the monsters in the army were Level 60-plus Special Elites.

Even from afar, one could easily find one Level 60-plus Chieftain out of every ten monsters. Such a beast could serve as a Party Dungeon’s Final Boss.

As for the number of Tier 2 Lords in the army, that was even more frightening. The enemy also had hill-sized Great and Grand Lords.

“It’s over. Stone Forest Town is beyond salvation now. Even from here, I can count more than 200 Great Lords…”

“The Great Lords are nothing. They can be defeated. You should be worried about the Level 65-plus Grand Lords and Mythic monsters. I’m pretty sure those monsters can obliterate Stone Forest Town without help.”

“How does such a powerful monster army exist? Even if every player in the town joins the fight, we can’t stop these monsters.”

Upon seeing the enemy’s forces, some players who had intended to stay to watch the war dismissed the notion.

With such a massive gap in strength, this was no longer a war. It would simply be a one-sided slaughter. If they didn’t leave now, they wouldn’t even get the opportunity to flee once the battle began.

…

“Hahaha! Abandoned Wave’s army is truly impressive! Even if Zero Wing sends in every member, its struggle will be futile!” Singular Burial was elated as he watched the live stream a subordinate had sent from inside Stone Forest Town.

With such power, they could proceed to take control of the Star Alliance’s towns once they finished with Stone Forest Town. After that, Heaven’s Burial wouldn’t have any competition in Star-Moon Kingdom.

“Guild Leader, I just received news that Zero Wing isn’t taking any action against the monster army. The elite members that were already in the town are the only ones stationed there. There are only 40,000 players,” the subordinate recording the live stream reported. He then shifted the camera angle towards Stone Forest Town’s interior.

Zero Wing’s members crowded atom Stone Forest Town’s ramparts. However, there weren’t many. No matter how one looked at it, they didn’t even have nearly 100,000 players.

“They’re giving up?” Singular Burial roared with laughter when he saw this. “What a pity. I had hoped to use this opportunity to deal a blow to Zero Wing. As expected, Black Flame’s decision is a bold one. It’s no wonder how he developed Zero Wing to its current glory.”

If it were up to him, he would defend his town with everything he had.

However, from a logical viewpoint, giving up the town was the best decision. Otherwise, the Guild would suffer additional losses while reaching the same outcome.

…

Meanwhile, Stone Forest Players realized that Zero Wing intended to give up on the town. No one dared to linger as they used their Return Scrolls to flee.

“How boring! So Zero Wing doesn’t even have the courage to put up a fight!” Abandoned Wave clicked his tongue when he saw the lack of reaction in Stone Forest Town. He had really wanted to watch Zero Wing’s final struggle. “Since that’s the case, let’s end this!”

Following which, Abandoned Wave swung his hand forward. Immediately, the Evil Beast army surrounding Stone Forest Town began their assault as they surged towards the town.

Seeing the Evil Beast army approach, the Zero Wing members on the ramparts grew nervous.

With just 40,000 elite players, just how were they supposed to face an army of 500,000 monsters?

However, just as the Evil Beast army was 3,000 yards away from Stone Forest Town’s walls, one Miniature Ballista after another appeared on the ramparts, three players controlling each weapon.

Atop the Magic Tower, Shi Feng smiled as he looked at Stone Forest Town’s defenses. Following which, he commanded, “Let’s kick their asses!”