Chapter 1333 - Appearance Of Guild Mount

Chapter 1333 – Appearance of Guild Mount

Everyone’s eyes shone as they stared at the Moon God’s Secret Record, having completely forgotten about the Secret Alchemy Technique.

Following which, under Melancholic Smile’s management, everyone lined up to learn the Secret Alchemy Technique.

Learning a Secret Alchemy Technique was different from reading other books. As long as players clicked to learn the technique, the system would automatically download a copy of the module while providing explanations and image tutorials. However, players could only go through the learning module once. Once they have done so, the system would automatically delete it. If players wished to go through the module again, they would need to click to learn the Secret Alchemy Technique once more.

It was a considerably convenient learning method.

“You have three days and only 12 chances to read the Secret Alchemy Technique. Whoever learns the technique in that time will pass. You may then borrow the Moon God’s Secret Record from Melancholic Smile.” As everyone stood in line to learn the Secret Alchemy Technique, Shi Feng explained the test’s rules.

“Three days?” The alchemists gasped when they heard their time limit.

“Guild Leader, isn’t this test a little too difficult?” Melancholic Smile blurted out in surprise.

They had collected all sorts of basic techniques from the Holy City of Titan, and currently, these techniques were available to all of the Candlelight Trading Firm’s official members. However, Candlelight’s alchemists, on average, needed one or two days to learn each of these basic alchemy techniques, while some needed three or four days.

Meanwhile, the Secret Alchemy Technique was far more difficult than those basic techniques.

If the basic alchemy techniques were considered individual musical notes, then the Secret Alchemy Technique would be considered a complex movement. One could just imagine how difficult it would be to play such a movement skillfully…

Yet, Shi Feng had only given these alchemists three days to learn the Secret Alchemy Technique. Even if they spent all three days online, many would likely fail.

“I know that this is considerably difficult, but if you can’t even accomplish this, why should the Guild invest in you? Moreover, this test’s venue will be the Basic Meditation Room. I believe you are all very familiar with that room. You will be allowed to use it for the next three days, so work hard.”

Saying so, Shi Feng left the alchemists’ test to Melancholic Smile while he took an advanced horse carriage to Zero Wing’s Residence in White River City.

This time, he had only revealed one Basic Secret Alchemy Technique. Any alchemist with some skill could master it in time. It was only a matter of how fast they could accomplish the task.

As God’s Domain had developed in the past, various Secret Lifestyle Techniques had been discovered. As a result, players had encountered far more opportunities to learn these techniques. The discovery of these techniques also changed the way Lifestyle players were judged as rank and number of learned recipes grew less important. Rather, Lifestyle players were judged by the number of Secret Lifestyle Techniques they had grasped.

Even a slightly capable Lifestyle player had learned at least two or three Basic Secret Techniques.

As far as Shi Feng could remember, the dividing line had been a three-day learning period. Any player that could learn a Basic Secret Technique in three days had been considered talented. Their chances of reaching the Master rank had also been considerably higher than others.

Hence, he had set the test’s time limit to three days.

White River City’s streets bustled with activity. Due to the activation of the flying transportation feature, allowing players to travel to the Eclipse Gate, more players rushed to White River City to level up.

As Shi Feng glanced out of the carriage window, he saw plenty of players riding various Mounts.

Although the majority of these players rode Common Mounts, which NPC merchants sold, it was still an enviable sight for ordinary players. After all, NPC merchants sold Common Mounts for 40 Gold each. It was not a price ordinary players could afford. In the case of independent players, only experts could afford a Mount at this stage of the game.

It seems I’ll have to hurry things up a little.

A sense of urgency welled within Shi Feng as he watched players atop their Mounts.

Mounts were a powerful leveling tool for players. God’s Domain’s maps were simply too massive. As players reached higher levels, they would have to travel farther to grind monsters and level. As a result, travel would take up most of their time in the game. Even a Common Mount could save players at least half of their travel time. Naturally, this allowed players to increase their leveling speed.

Although he had already become an Epic adventurer and had accepted an SSS-rank commission, he was still a long way from upgrading Star-Moon Kingdom to an empire.

Moreover, the initial three SSS-rank commissions were the Adventurer’s Association’s gift to every country. Encountering another SSS-rank commission would depend on one’s luck.

He had to complete as many commissions as possible right now. If other Epic adventurers in Star-Moon Kingdom claimed the other SSS-rank commissions, it would be a massive loss for him.

The first thing he needed to do was complete the Ancient Orc Empire commission. He could also use this opportunity to help the main force members to level up.

When Shi Feng reached the Guild Residence, he was greeted by a long line of players queued up outside the entrance.

Taking a quick glance, he noticed quite a few Level 40 and above expert players. There were even some relatively strong adventurer teams in the mix.

Not long ago, Shi Feng wouldn’t have even dared to dream of such a thing happening.

Any of the various large Guilds would target capable adventurer teams in Star-Moon Kingdom for recruitment. However, these adventurer teams had their pride and usually refused to join a Guild.

These adventurer teams might not have abundant resources like Guilds, but by raiding large-scale Team Dungeons and completing various rare quests, these adventurer teams could get their hands on valuable weapons and equipment that even made large Guilds’ normal members jealous.

Since Shi Feng had announced the sales of Stone Forest Town’s private houses, more than 1,000 players had joined the Guild. This significant increase had surprised even Shi Feng.

To other large Guilds, this number might not be substantial. In Zero Wing’s case, however, it was astounding.

Zero Wing was famous for having the highest recruitment standard in Star-Moon Kingdom. Anyone that joined the Guild had either great potential or was stronger than other large Guilds’ elite members.

Hence, an increase of 1,000 members in Zero Wing was the equivalent of a large Guild suddenly gaining over 1,000 elite members.

At this rate, Zero Wing would have an extra 10,000 elite members by the end of the day. Even for first-rate Guilds, this was unthinkable. After all, a first-rate Guild normally only had 100,000-plus elite members. By gaining 10,000 elite members in a single day, Zero Wing would catch up to a first-rate Guild’s elite member count within two weeks.

Of course, this situation wouldn’t continue for so many days, but Zero Wing shouldn’t have a problem gaining an extra 30,000 elite members in a short amount of time. At that time, Zero Wing would finally have enough elite members to truly rival a first-rate Guild.

With so many elite members, not only could Shi Feng alleviate the pressure on the Branch Guild in Lake Heart City, but he would also have enough manpower to defend his new city. He wouldn’t need to reallocate manpower from Stone Forest Town.

As Shi Feng was about to enter the Guild’s Warehouse to clear out his bag and prepare the necessary items for his trip to the Mourning Battlefield, he received two system notifications.

–

System: Congratulations! You have finished taming the 5-star Mount, Thunder Wolf. Please visit the Stable.

System: Congratulations! Master Tamer Owen, who is under your employment, has been promoted to Grandmaster Tamer.