Chapter 1330 - Number One Town

Chapter 1330 – Number One Town

The construction of the Adventurer’s Association, which had three floors and took up the area of a large football field, stunned players in the central district.

“The Adventurer’s Association?”

“Why would the Adventurer’s Association be here? I’m not seeing things, right?”

Everyone shuddered when they saw the Adventurer’s Association. None of them were able to believe what their eyes were seeing was true.

The Adventurer’s Association was becoming more important to God’s Domain’s players. The Association’s daily quests were many players’ main source of income. This was the main reason that players couldn’t venture too far from NPC towns and cities.

Now that an Adventurer’s Association occupied Stone Forest Town, many of these players could break free from this restriction. They could now level up and earn money far more conveniently.

Thinking up to this point, many players curiously entered Stone Forest Town’s Adventurer’s Association.

“Crap! It’s real!”

As the crowd entered the first-floor hall, they discovered that the hall’s furnishings were exactly the same as the Adventurer’s Association in NPC towns and cities. Many NPCs were busy, publishing new quests on the quest board. The only difference was the number of quests available. There were far more quests available here than in other towns and cities’ Adventurer’s Associations.

“Quick, look! There are daily town quests and several high-ranking quests!” a player that had immediately checked the quest area exclaimed.

These words attracted a lot of attention, and many players headed towards the quest boards for a closer look.

“This is awesome! The daily town quests’ rewards are even better than daily quests in NPC towns and cities! Moreover, the quest locations are all near Stone Forest Town! We can easily complete these quests in two hours, even faster if we had Mounts!”

Everyone’s eyes shone as they read the daily town quests.

Normally, the daily quests in NPC towns and cities required more than three hours to complete. Of course, the main reason for this was the long distance between quest objectives. Completing the quest itself only took half an hour or so. Most players would pick up local quests while completing their dailies to increase their leveling efficiency. Only after they completed the local quests would they return to hand in their daily quests.

News about Stone Forest Town’s Adventurer’s Association spread through the town quickly. As a result, many players who had intended to return to their respective NPC cities to turn in their daily quests surged towards Stone Forest Town’s Adventurer’s Association instead.

Star-Moon Kingdom’s official forums were in an uproar.

“Players with houses in Stone Forest Town are going to have an even easier time! With the Adventurer’s Association located beside the residential district, they can pick up and turn in quests easily!”

“Hopefully, when the private houses go up for sale tomorrow, the price won’t be too high. Our team has only managed to gather 1,000 Gold after much difficulty…”

“That can’t be certain. The private houses in Stone Forest Town were already quite valuable thanks to the town’s high Mana density. Even while resting in a private house, players can accumulate the Double EXP buff faster than in 1-star Guild Residence private rooms. Now, not only can Stone Forest Town’s private houses be upgraded, but there is also the Adventurer’s Association nearby. Don’t forget about Stone Forest Town’s current development speed either. With the Adventurer’s Association, it won’t be long before Stone Forest Town becomes an Advanced Town. At that point, the town’s private houses may cost as much as those in major NPC cities.”

“Indeed. If we fail to get a house now, by the time Stone Forest Town becomes an Advanced Town, purchasing one will be even harder…”

…

Due to the Adventurer’s Association, many adventurer teams that originally held a wait-and-see stance promptly sold off all their unnecessary rare materials, weapons, and equipment to collect money. Some teams even purchased Coins in bulk with Credits, deeply afraid that they wouldn’t have enough money to buy Stone Forest Town’s private houses when they became available.

At the same time, many of the hesitant adventurer teams in the neighboring kingdoms began to take action, swarming towards Stone Forest Town.

After all, Stone Forest Town had massive advantages over other player towns. It could definitely be considered the number one town in Star-Moon Kingdom and the several neighboring countries.

If they could enjoy the benefits Stone Forest Town had to offer, migrating across counties would be worthwhile.

Meanwhile, back in Zero Wing’s Residence in Stone Forest Town, Shi Feng charged Gilbert to manage the town’s NPC guards after summoning him. He then used a Return Scroll and returned to White River City’s Candlelight Trading Firm.

…

Every Intermediate and above alchemist in the Candlelight Trading Firm had gathered in the top-floor’s Special Alchemy Room.

In any of Star-Moon Kingdom’s large Guilds, even the Guild’s upper echelons would treat these alchemists like VIPs. Meanwhile, 150 such players had gathered. Among them, more than half of the Advanced Alchemists in the kingdom were present.

These alchemists had already waited for over twenty minutes, but they didn’t show the slightest sign of anger or resentment. In fact, they brimmed with excitement and joy.

“Hahaha! This is wonderful! The Guild had always called upon the forgers and engineers. Now, it’s finally the alchemists’ turn!”

“I wonder why Big Sis Melancholic has called us here? Does the trading firm plan to select alchemists for Titan City?”

“That’s possible. The last group that entered Titan City should return soon. This gathering might be to select the candidates for the next batch. Based on what I’ve heard from those that entered the Holy City of Titan, it is a holy land for experience. You can gain tons of knowledge in Titan City. There are even tutorial videos and instructions from Masters and Grandmasters. One round trip can almost guarantee a promotion from Intermediate rank to Advanced rank. The insight that Advanced Lifestyle players gain in the Holy City can also help one reach Master rank.”

“It’s that amazing?”

“Of course. Just look at the last Candlelight Auction. The Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds went crazy just to get a single slot. I wonder how many slots have been allocated for alchemists?”

As the various alchemists conversed, the room’s door abruptly opened. A man and a woman then walked into the room. Immediately, everyone in the Alchemy Room snapped to attention, anxiety and reverence filling their gaze as they looked at the man who had just entered.

“What’s going on?”

“Guild Leader Black Flame is here in person?”

“Is Candlelight searching for alchemists to cultivate?”

Everyone was astonished to see the cloaked man. Despite this man’s lack of aura, these players couldn’t help but shudder in his presence.

When the alchemists realized that Blake Flame had made a personal trip to meet them, anticipation gripped their hearts.

Not only was the man before them Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one expert, but he was also the kingdom’s number one forger. Although it had been a long time since he had displayed his forging skills, his abilities were obvious based on the Level 50 Fine-Gold Set Equipment that had sold during the previous auction. In the Candlelight Trading Firm, even Cream Cocoa and a handful of other Advanced Forgers who were approaching their Master rank promotion could only forge Level 50 Secret-Silver Set Equipment. The other Advanced Forgers couldn’t even produce Level 50 Mysterious-Iron Set Equipment.

Moreover, the man before them was the Guild Leader of the number one Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom. With even a sliver of his resources, these Advanced Lifestyle players would be set for life. If the trading firm nurtured them, they’d have an even higher chance of becoming Master Alchemists in the future. Not to mention, the Candlelight Trading Firm had already set a standard.

“I’ve asked Melancholic to gather you here today for two reasons. The first is that I will be changing the benefits alchemists are offered. I also want to help several talented alchemists become Master Alchemists!”

Although Shi Feng hadn’t been very loud, every one of his words caused these players’ hearts to pound.

When these alchemists had heard that Shi Feng wanted to help them become Master Alchemists, they felt as if they had heard the word of god.

If any of Star-Moon Kingdom’s large Guilds, and even those in the several neighboring kingdoms, had said this, they would assume it was a joke. But it was a different story if these words came from Shi Feng’s mouth.