Chapter 1331 - Frightening Candlelight Trading Firm

Chapter 1331 – Frightening Candlelight Trading Firm

Every player in the room grew restless upon hearing Shi Feng’s announcement.

Countless alchemy players in God’s Domain dreamed of becoming Master Alchemists. Even Super Guilds would try desperately to poach a Master Alchemist.

Nowadays, more players flooded to God’s Domain. A portion of those players, who found themselves unsuited for combat, began to develop their Lifestyle classes instead. In addition, as quite some time had passed since God’s Domain’ launch, the game already had a considerable number of Advanced Alchemists. As a result, Advanced Alchemists weren’t as valuable as they had been. In fact, their value would continue to decrease as time passed. Even Super Guilds, which had always been a hub for talented players, had never viewed Advanced Alchemists as important.

Meanwhile, based on their knowledge, although more Advanced Alchemists emerged in God’s Domain each day, even now, there wasn’t a single player who had become a Master Alchemist.

If they could reach Master rank, they would enjoy instant fame and glory. From then on, they wouldn’t have to worry about money. They could even find an opportunity to climb to the peak of life, becoming an upper echelon in a powerful Guild.

Meanwhile, Zero Wing was the number one Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom. Any of the upper echelons would receive a salary that could even rival a major company’s upper management. In fact, as Zero Wing continued to develop, their salaries would increase. After all, God’s Domain was becoming more popular throughout the world. The virtual gaming industry was already quite large, and now that countless corporations were investing in God’s Domain, it could grow to become one of the top few global industries.

Just the thought of becoming an upper echelon in Zero Wing excited these alchemist players.

“I’ll talk about the new benefits first.” Shi Feng smiled when he saw the excited expressions. “This new benefit should motivate you to work harder and improve faster; hence, only Candlelight’s top-ten alchemists will enjoy these benefits.

“First off, the fourth to tenth ranking alchemists will have access to Secret-Silver alchemy tools provided by the Guild.”

Saying so, Shi Feng retrieved pile after pile of alchemy tools. He had obtained these tools from the Moon God’s Alchemy and Research Rooms. Unfortunately, he hadn’t obtained an equal number of each tool. As a result, while the fourth place would receive a complete set of Secret-Silver alchemy tools, lower ranks would receive incomplete sets. Even so, the tenth-ranked alchemist would receive three Secret-Silver tools.

Meanwhile, when everyone saw these Secret-Silver alchemy tools, they gasped, their eyes nearly falling from their sockets.

“Guild Leader, did you rob several large Guild warehouses?” Melancholic Smile could not help her shock when she saw the large pile on the table.

Even Bronze alchemy tools were rare on the market, each selling for more than 50 silver. Moreover, these tools would be purchased immediately. Mysterious-Iron alchemy tools were even rarer. On average, alchemy tools of such rank sold for more than 3 Gold. As for Secret-Silver rank, they sold for more than 10 Gold. However, it was practically impossible for one to find any Secret-Silver alchemy tools on the market. They normally only appeared in auctions, and oftentimes, they would sell for 25 Gold or more.

Even the Candlelight Trading Firm had fewer than ten Secret-Silver alchemy tools. The Guild had only obtained them after completing various large-scale quests or from Fine-Gold rank and above Treasure Chests.

Yet, Shi Feng had over forty tools…

As the alchemists still reeled from the sight before them, Shi Feng revealed the Ocean’s Glow Set, a set of dazzling, Fine-Gold alchemy tools that gave off a faint blue light.

“Relax. This Fine-Gold rank Ocean’s Glow Set is only for the third-ranked alchemist,” Shi Feng said, chuckling when he saw the alchemists’ drool.

These players were speechless.

Third place would get an entire set of Fine-Gold alchemy tools?

“As expected of our Guild Leader! You are so awesome! If the other trading firms knew about this, they would faint!”

“I doubt that even Super Guilds have an entire set of Fine-Gold alchemy tools.”

Excitement overwhelmed these Lifestyle players. If they could get their hands on the Ocean’s Glow Set, it would increase their chances of becoming Master Alchemists considerably, yet this was only the benefit for the third-ranked alchemist…

In God’s Domain, players needed to invent new items of a certain quality to become Master Lifestyle players. Unfortunately, inventing a Master rank potion had a much lower success rate than simply crafting one. It was extremely important to have a good set of alchemy tools if one wished to become a Master Alchemist.

A set of Fine-Gold alchemy tools was more than enough to change their fate.

As everyone dreamed of using the Ocean’s Glow Set and reaching life’s peak, Shi Feng revealed another pile of alchemy tools.

“My eyes aren’t playing tricks on me, right!? Those are… Dark-Gold rank?!”

“No! They aren’t just Dark-Gold alchemy tools! Look! Those two sets share the same motif! Those tools are clearly a set!”

Some of the players with sharp eyesight quickly noticed these alchemy tools’ specialty, and they nearly cried out in shock.

If everyone had been surprised by the Candlelight Trading Firm’s foundations before, they were now devastated.

They had never even heard of a single Dark-Gold alchemy tool in Star-Moon Kingdom before. If one had to estimate such a tool’s value, it wouldn’t even be worth several pieces of top-tier, Dark-Gold Equipment. No one would even be willing to trade such a set for several pieces of Epic Equipment.

A set of Fine-Gold alchemy tools could already help an Advanced Alchemist reach Master rank. A set of Dark-Gold alchemy tools, however, could increase an alchemist’s chances by at least 10%. A few Epic Weapons and pieces of Equipment could never rival the value of such a set.

If word of these two sets of Dark-Gold alchemy tools got out, alchemy enthusiasts would swarm the Candlelight Trading Firm. After all, alchemy tools were alchemists’ weapons. A quality weapon could increase a person’s strength significantly, not to mention a top-tier weapon.

“Second place will get to use a set of Dark-Gold alchemy tools. As for Candlelight’s Chief Alchemist, they will get to use the Green Jade Set. These are the new benefits every alchemist in the trading firm will be offered,” Shi Feng explained. “As for the second reason I wanted to talk to you today, it is to provide help to a few talented alchemists reach Master rank. However, before I do so, I will need you to sign a core member’s agreement. I’m sure you’re aware of the standard agreement, so I won’t go into detail.

“If you want the opportunity to gain the Guild’s full support, you can register with Melancholic. Once you sign the agreement, you will be tested. Whether or not you’re accepted depends on you.”

As soon as Shi Feng finished speaking, dozens of alchemists crowded around Melancholic Smile to register for the test without hesitation.

As these alchemists fought over the core member contracts, a woman, who had listened from a corner, approached Shi Feng. The woman was a classical beauty and gave off a serious vibe. She also wore the golden, five-leaf-shaped Advanced Alchemist’s Insignia.

This classical beauty was none other than Silent Wonder.

Melancholic Smile had already told Shi Feng that Silent Wonder’s standards could rank among the top three in Candlelight. Not only was she fast, but her success rate was also quite high. The girl had a very high chance of becoming a Master Alchemist in the future.

If not for Silent Wonder’s insistence on retaining her freedom and retaining her official-member status, Shi Feng would have sent her to Titan City with the last batch of Lifestyle players.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, can I ask you a question?” Silent Wonder asked.

“Of course.” Shi Feng nodded.

“Are official members eligible for the top ten spots as well?” When Silent Wonder posed this question, anxiety was clear in her eyes.

She had already realized how extraordinary Candlelight’s foundations were. However, she had never imagined that they were quite this frightening. Even Super Guilds’ trading firms couldn’t compete with Candlelight.

Both the Dark-Gold tools and the Fine-Gold set tempted her.

With access to one of those sets, she was confident that becoming a Master Alchemist was only a matter of time.

However, not even a Super Guild would share such treasures with an official member, much less Zero Wing. But she had to ask.

If she really had no hope, she was prepared to trade one of the treasures she had obtained from a secret land.