Chapter 1344 - One-Star Adventurer'S Association

Chapter 1344 – One-star Adventurer’s Association

As the large group of Evil Demons descended, they attracted the attention of Stone Forest Town’s players.

“Why are there still monsters?”

“There doesn’t seem to be a lot of time. Stopping them shouldn’t be a problem.”

“Why do these monsters feel even more dangerous than the Evil Beasts?”

…

When the Zero Wing members, who were busy fending off the Evil Beast army, noticed another group of monsters approaching the town, they promptly turned to look at the new arrivals. Although fear gripped their hearts for a moment, they relaxed and returned their attention to the the Evil Beasts before them when they realized how small the approaching group was.

However, Aqua Rose’s expression darkened when she noticed the approaching Evil Demons. Hurriedly, she commanded, “Miniature Ballistas, prioritize the approaching monsters! Do not let them get close to the town!”

They had seen Evil Demons during the previous siege war as well. Although there had been very few, their combat power had been incredibly frightening. They had also been far more intelligent than ordinary monsters.

There were more of these monsters this time. If these Evil Demons infiltrated Stone Forest Town, the consequences would be unimaginable.

Although the players controlling the Miniature Ballistas did not understand, they followed Aqua Rose’s command. Fortunately, these Evil Demons were within range.

Immediately, dozens of arrows flew towards the approaching Evil Demons.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

A series of explosions shook the battlefield.

“What?!” The players controlling the Miniature Ballistas were stupefied by the results of their assault.

The Evil Demons had dodged the dozens of Exploding Arrows they had fired. Although they were firing at near-maximum range, not even elite players could dodge the arrows at that distance. In addition, the Exploding Arrows were AOE attacks.

The Zero Wing members manning the Miniature Ballistas weren’t’ the only ones stunned. Many of Stone Forest Town’s players were also astonished.

…

“A meaningless struggle.” Abandoned Wave wasn’t surprised in the last.

Even the Special Elite Evil Demons had a higher reaction speed than elite players. Furthermore, these demons’ Attributes were much higher than players of the same level. Dodging the small AOE attacks was a piece of cake for these monsters. The Evil Demons would only be at risk against large AOE attacks like those from the Magic Tower.

Moreover, these Evil Demons possessed considerably high intellect. After learning about the town’s defensive and offensive capabilities, they spread out as they advanced. Even if the Magic Towers attacked, the damage would be minimal.

…

“They’re sending so many Evil Demons at is. The Evil God’s Temple sure is determined.” Shi Feng was also astonished when he saw the Evil Demons surge towards Stone Forest Town.

Although he did not know much about the Evil God’s Temple, he knew that these Evil Demons weren’t easy to create. Every Evil Demon required blood and sweat from Evil God players. Whoever was attacking Stone Forest Town must be very determined to send over 3,000 Evil Demons against the town.

“Guild Leader, those Evil Demons are extraordinarily strong. If they enter the town, the situation will take a turn for the worst. Should we have Snow send 20,000 elites from headquarters?” Aqua Rose suggested anxiously as she watched the Evil Demons grow closer to the town.

“Have everyone retreat to the town, and let as many of those Evil Beasts and Evil Demons enter,” Shi Feng instructed.

“Let them enter the town?” Aqua Rose’s jaws dropped. She had no idea of what Shi Feng was thinking. “Guild Leader, if we let these monsters in, they’ll destroy the town. Moreover, the Magic Towers will also have trouble targeting them. We’ll be at a massive disadvantage.”

“We can’t hold them back, so it doesn’t matter. We’ll see who is truly at a disadvantage,” Shi Feng said, chuckling. “Just get it done. Let me deal with the rest.”

If the enemy had attacked before the Adventurer’s Association had occupied Stone Forest Town, Shi Feng would have even mobilized the entire Guild to keep these monsters out. However, the situation was different now.

In God’s Domain, a monster army besieging a town wasn’t like that carried out by players. When players sieged a town or city, neutral NPCs would not participate in the war. However, it was a different story against monsters. After all, neutral, human NPCs and monsters were enemies.

A neutral organization like the Adventurer’s Association wouldn’t occupy a large plot of land in a player town for free.

When monsters attacked the town, the Adventurer’s Association would lend a hand to defend it.

Shi Feng hadn’t resorted to this option simply because he wanted to keep it secret. Moreover, the town’s Popularity would decrease significantly if the Adventurer’s Association took action, which was a steep price as Town Popularity was crucial to promoting a town.

Unfortunately, since they couldn’t stop the monsters approaching the town, they didn’t need to continue to exhaust the Guild’s strength.

Although Shi Feng’s decision confused Aqua Rose, she had no choice but to organize a retreat into the town. Due to the town’s various buildings, the massive Evil Beasts would struggle to maneuver through it. As a result, they would become easier to deal with. Some players even used the buildings as cover.

Unfortunately, although more players survived, they’re prowess had decreased as well.

“Has Zero Wing lost its mind? Why are they retreating just because of an extra 3,000-plus monsters?”

“What is Zero Wing thinking? Aren’t they afraid that these monsters will destroy the town’s buildings?”

…

For a time, the spectating independent players and major powers were dumbfounded.

By letting these monsters invade the town, the town itself would take a lot of damage and it’s war weapons would be less effective. For example, if the Magic Tower attacked a target inside the city, not only would it damage the monsters, but it would also damage nearby buildings.

“What quick reactions! But so what if you switch to guerilla tactics? Do you think this will change anything?” Abandoned Wave sneered. “What foolishness! Nobody in Star-Moon Kingdom can stop my Evil Demon army! This will only lead to a quicker death!”

Following which, Zero Wing’s members retreated to the town’s center, taking out far fewer Evil Beasts as they did so.

If not for the three Divine Dragons pinning down the three Evil Earth Dragons outside of Stone Forest Town, the streets of the town would’ve been devastated.

Upon entering the town, the Evil Demons dashed through the streets, rushing to the town’s core.

“Alright, time for you to take action!”

After seeing the entire Evil Demon army enter Stone Forest Town, Shi Feng smiled. He then clicked to approve the Adventurer’s Association’s request to help defend the town.

–

System: You have agreed to let the Adventurer’s Association assist in defending the town. Calculating the number of monsters inside the town…

System: Current number of monsters – 94,347. Strongest monster detected – Level 70 Grand Lord.

System: Current Adventurer’s Association is a 1-star Association. A minimum of 500 NPCs must be dispatched. A maximum of 1,000 NPCs can be dispatched. Every additional NPC adventurer will decrease Stone Forest Town’s Popularity by 20 points. Please choose the number of NPC adventurers to mobilize.

–

“Twenty points?” Shi Feng was slightly surprised when he saw the system notification.

It didn’t actually cost as much to mobilize these NPC adventurers as he had assumed. In the past, every additional NPC adventurer had cost 100 Town Reputation.

However, after giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng found the situation reasonable. After all, Shadow’s towns had fought had been Tier 4, Level 100-plus monsters. Naturally, that Guild had been forced to dispatch more powerful NPC adventurers. As a result, they had cost more.

“Let’s mobilize 1,000 NPCs.”

Shi Feng then chose to mobilize the maximum number of NPCs.