Chapter 1348 - Black Flame Appears

Chapter 1348 – Black Flame Appears

With the death of the high-tiered Evil Beasts and Evil Demons, the war in Stone Forest Town gradually entered its final stage.

Previously, Star-Moon Kingdom’s various major powers had celebrated this sudden war, but their expressions had turned solemn. Fear of Zero Wing filled their hearts.

An army of 500,000-plus high-level, high-ranked monsters…

Who in Star-Moon Kingdom could possibly stop such a powerful force?

Zero Wing had done just that. Moreover, Zero Wing had displayed horrific strength. Aside from the Tier 3 NPC army, the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons and Miniature Ballistas were more than enough to dishearten the kingdom’s major powers. If these weapons were aimed at their Guild towns, the consequences would be dire.

Before this battle, the major powers had only felt a little threatened by Zero Wing’s number of experts and high-quality items. However, those aspects couldn’t threaten their lifeblood. If worse comes to worst, they would fight a war of attrition, competing with wealth and resources. But things had changed.

Zero Wing had already revealed that it had the power to destroy any large Guild’s foundation in Star-Moon Kingdom. A battle of attrition wasn’t necessary. Zero Wing could simply cripple their Guilds.

…

“Zero Wing… How much of your strength have you hidden?” Singular Burial felt as if he had aged several years as he stared at the live-stream, especially when the Hero Gilbert had made his appearance in the war’s final moments.

Singular Burial admitted that Heaven’s Burial’s development was quite fast. However, compared to Zero Wing…

The difference between them was like heaven and earth.

Now, the only thing worth celebrating was that Heaven’s Burial had gained access into Evernight City before the other Guild. There was also the fact that Abandoned Wave could continue to create monster armies. Only, now that they had revealed the threat of the Evil Beasts and Evil Demons, Abandoned Wave wouldn’t be able to continue developing in the Star-Moon City region.

…

Meanwhile, across the street from Zero Wing’s Residence in White River City, Ghost Shadow and Daybreak Fog scouted the building from their seats in a restaurant’s fifth-floor room. As the two watched Zero Wing’s Residence, they wore helpless expressions.

The original plan had involved the Ghost Shadow Legion and the Third Legion working together to assault Zero Wing’s Residence, doing whatever it took to destroy the Guild’s Stable. However, due to the war over in Stone Forest Town, the Zero Wing members that had been grinding monsters and raiding Dungeons had returned to the Residence. As a result, the building was protected by more than three times the members they had expected…

Hence, they could only watch the building, waiting for these Guild members to leave for Stone Forest Town. However, since the war had started, the number of players in the Residence had increased rather than decrease.

Moreover, now that victory was in sight for Zero Wing, more players had swarmed to the Guild to apply. Among them were plenty of famous adventurer teams that both Ghost Shadow and DAybreak Fog recognized.

…

Meanwhile, in the wilderness outside of Stone Forest Town, Abandoned Wave and Flame Blood quickly made their way towards the Dead Soul Forest atop their Mounts.

“Brother Wave, you’re saying that I qualify to join the Evil God’s Temple?” Flame Blood asked excitedly, his eyes practically glowing as he looked at Abandoned Wave.

“Of course. Although it is very difficult for players to join the Evil God’s Temple, and there are very few lost available, Beast Emperor has declared that players with sufficient strength and a powerful backer will have the opportunity to join. However, the final decision rests in Beast Emperor’s hands. He only has a few slots remaining. Fortunately, since you are one of Heaven’s Burial’s upper echelons, you should have a high chance of getting one of those slots,” Abandoned Wave said, nodding. “I refuse to believe that we can’t take Zero Wing down if we work together once you become an Evil God Apostle as well.”

“Then I’ll have to thank you for recommending me, Brother Wave. As long as I become an Evil God Apostle, the Guild Leader won’t hesitate to give us his full support. We might even be able to take down the Black Dragon Empire, much less Star-Moon Kingdom,” Flame Blood said excitedly.

Before this, he hadn’t been particularly interested in becoming an Evil God Apostle and joining the dark forces. After all, the cost to do so was high. Joining the dark forces meant joining humanity’s enemy. Henceforth, it wouldn’t be so easy to enter an NPC city. He’d also forsake the lifestyle ordinary players enjoyed. Moreover, if the various large Guilds discovered him, they’d hunt him to the ends of God’s Domain.

If he died, the consequences would be unimaginably severe as well. If he were caught, the result would be worse. His only option would be to delete his account and start over.

However, after coming into contact with Abandoned Wave and witnessing the power of an Evil God Apostle, he had begun to reconsider his position. It might even help him achieve heights that were previously out of his reach.

Unfortunately, Abandoned Wave had tactfully rejected his previous request to join the Evil God’s Temple. He hadn’t expected the man to change his mind.

“Relax. I now have a clear grasp of Heaven’s Burial’s foundations. Moreover, I just received a message from Beast Emperor requesting to meet you, stating that he has sent a subordinate to fetch you,” Abandoned Wave said, chuckling.

While Abandoned Wave and Flame Blood chatted, a spatial tear appeared above them. It quickly widened, forming a black hole, and a figure emerged.

“Black Flame!”

“How is he here?!”

Abandoned Wave and Flame Blood starred at the figure. They were extremely familiar with this player as he was their main target.

“I’ve finally found you. Why are you in such a rush to leave?” Shi Feng asked as he softly landed on the grassy ground. He wore a smile as he pinned Abandoned Wave and Flame Blood with his gaze. Both wore Black Cloaks, so he couldn’t get a clear view of their appearances and Levels. However, he could sense their tension. This was especially true for the bandaged Abandoned Wave.

He knew that the previous monster invasion had been the Evil God’s Temple’s doing, but even after using the Magic Tower, he hadn’t been able to locate the person responsible. This time, however, he used the Magic Tower to search for the culprits during the entire battle. Thanks to the magic array that had summoned the Evil Demons, he had gained a general idea of the culprit’s location.

Honestly, Shi Feng had been shocked to learn of the Evil God’s Temple’s appearance in Star-Moon Kingdom. The Evil God’s Temple might not be a threat early on, but if it were not exterminated in time, not even two or three Super Guilds would be able to take it down, much less Zero Wing.

Now that he had found a clue leading to the Evil God’s Temple, he couldn’t ignore it.

“I had never expected the almighty Guild Leader, Black Flame, to grace us with his presence. To what do we owe the pleasure?” Abandoned Wave asked, trying to look like a passerby. At the same time, he sent the Beast Emperor a message, notifying him of Shi Feng’s arrival and requesting reinforcements.

Black Flame’s strength was known throughout Star-Moon Kingdom. He was the kingdom’s bona fide, number one expert.

Although Abandoned Wave was confident of his own strength, he knew that he was far from powerful enough to defeat someone on Black Flame’s level. Working with Flame Blood wouldn’t change that.

Of course, were his high-tiered Evil Demons still alive, he’d have no reason to fear Black Flame. He’d even be confident of killing the man.

“Are you trying to suggest that you’re not connected to the Evil God’s Temple with how dense the Evil Energy surrounding you is?” Shi Feng demanded. “Well? Are you going to reveal the temple’s headquarters? If not, I can simply drag you to the War God’s Temple. I’m sure you don’t need me to tell you about the consequences of being captured.”

Although the Evil God’s Temple’s followers had far more power than any ordinary player, they had to pay a corresponding price. One death was enough to drive these followers mad. If the War God’s Temple captured them, their life would be hell.”

Abandoned Wave’s heart sank as he listened to Shi Feng.

He hadn’t expected this man to know Evil God’s Temple players’ true fear.

It’s over! It’s over! What should I do?!

Sweat dripped down Abandoned Wave’s forehead as he watched Shi Feng’s gradual approach. Neither keeping silent nor exposing the location of the Evil God’s Temple’s main headquarters was an option. Abandoned Wave had never expected that some minor character he had once looked down on would force him into such a situation.

When Shi Feng was less than 30 yards away from Abandoned Wave, a spatial tear formed before the bandaged player.

Suddenly, someone emerged from the tear. It was none other than the Beast Emperor, Abandoned Wave’s leader.