Chapter 1349 - Black Flame And Beast Emperor

Chapter 1349 – Black Flame and Beast Emperor

“Beast Emperor!”

Abandoned Wave grew ecstatic as the towering figure appeared before him.

As per usual, Beast Emperor wore a Black Cloak and bandages that covered his entire body. However, Beast Emperor’s aura and radiating Evil Energy were much stronger than the last time Abandoned Wave had met the man.

Despite the lack of malice, Abandoned Wave couldn’t help but feel an indescribable fear as he stared at Beast Emperor’s back. Of course, he was also relieved. Now that Beast Emperor had arrived, he was safe from Shi Feng.

“This is Beast Emperor?” Meanwhile, Flame Blood, who stood beside Abandoned Wave, stared at the man before them with a dumbfounded look.

Although Abandoned Wave had told him that Beast Emperor was strong, Flame Blood hadn’t realized just how strong. The man’s aura was on par with that of a Great Lord. The instant Beast Emperor had arrived, he had felt his body grow heavy.

This was the first time he met a player that didn’t feel like a human, but some kind of terrifying creature.

Beast Emperor’s arrival had also halted Shi Feng’s steps.

With such dense and powerful Evil Energy surrounding him, is he an Evil God Envoy?

The cloaked man shocked Shi Feng.

The instant Beast Emperor had appeared, the evil energy he exuded tainted the surrounding area. If normal players spent too much time in this pollution, they would undoubtedly become Demonkin.

Even Great Lord ranked Evil Beasts and Evil Demons could only pollute an area of 20 to 30 yards, yet Beast Emperor polluted a radius of over 50 yards. With the Evil God’s blessing, his Evil Energy was also denser than normal. If Evil Beasts and Evil Demons’ Evil Energy were akin to air, then the Beast Emperor’s Evil Energy was like liquid.

“Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame?” Beast Emperor asked Shi Feng in a gravelly voice. “Sure enough, you’re as strong as the rumors say. No wonder those old fellows are talking about you. Let me introduce myself. I’m called Beast Emperor. I am also the Apostle that activated the Evil God’s Temple in Star-Moon Kingdom. May I know if Guild Leader Black Flame would be so kind as to pardon my two friends? I can assure you that the beasts and demons will not bother Stone Forest Town again.”

“If I let them go, those Evil Beasts and Evil Demons will leave Stone Forest Town alone? Is this some kind of humble threat?” Shi Feng asked.

“You can think of it that way,” Beast Emperor acknowledged.

In his opinion, God’s Domain had fewer threats to offer as time went on. A measly kingdom’s number one Guild was not one of them.

Abandoned Wave was one of the Basic Evil God Apostles under him. Abandoned Wave could only control a maximum of 600,000 Evil Beasts, which couldn’t be more than 30 levels higher than his own. The strongest Evil Beast he could control was only Tier 4 Lower-rank, and he could only control up to ten at a time. As for Evil Demons, Abandoned Wave could only control a maximum of 5,000, and they could not be more than 20 levels higher than him. The strongest Evil Demon Abandoned Wave could control was only Tier 3 Middle-rank, and his maximum was 20 at a time.

If Abandoned Wave could push Zero Wing to the brink of destruction with a half-baked army, what could an Evil God Envoy such as himself accomplish?

“If I say no?” Shi Feng asked, smiling. He then vanished.

“You’re rejecting my goodwill?” Beast Emperor’s gaze turned frosty when he heard Shi Feng’s reply. Immediately, he searched his surroundings for the enemy player.

As if Abandoned Wave and Flame Blood faced a powerful foe, one focused on their surroundings while the other activated Truth Shield to protect himself.

However, before any of the three could react, Shi Feng appeared beside Abandoned Wave, turning both Abyssal Blade and Killing Ray against the man.

Shi Feng could easily cross 30 yards with a few steps.

By the time Abandoned Wave realized what was happening and attempted to use Vanish, the seemingly slow swords had passed through his body. Only after he had been hit did his body begin to disappear. However, the two attacks had devoured over 35,000 HP, dropping it into the red. He had nearly been thrown over the River Styx.

How are his reactions so fast!?

Flame Blood was stupefied.

Shi Feng’s slashes were not indefensible. Only, Shi Feng’s reaction speed was simply too quick. He had executed the two slashes as if he had moved on instinct.

The instant Abandoned Wave disappeared, Shi Feng retrieved a dark-blue, crystal ball from his bag and shattered it.

“No! You can’t do that!” From Stealth, Abandoned Wave practically screamed when he saw the shattered crystal ball.

The crystal ball Shi Feng had shattered was a Mobile Jail specifically designed to capture Dark and Red Players. If a Dark or Red player had less than 10% of their HP, the capture would be successful. Mobile Jails had the same effects as jails in NPC cities.

This wasn’t an item that ordinary players could afford.

The War God’s Temple sold Mobile Jails that could hold a single player for 50 Gold each. Mobile Jails that could hold up to ten players cost 300 Gold. Even wealthy players wouldn’t purchase such an expensive tool without a specific reason.

Although Abandoned Wave had considered using a Skill to resist capture, once the Mobile Jail activated, it would capture any player within 15 yards that fit the requirements and stop them from using Skills or tools. They wouldn’t even be able to move. Not even an invulnerable state could save them.

In the blink of an eye, a black hole devoured Abandoned Wave, and he vanished as if he had never existed.

Meanwhile, the crystal ball Shi Feng had shattered had recovered, but instead of dark-blue, the crystal ball was now black.

“Black Flame! You bastard!” Beast Emperor glared at Shi Feng, Evil Energy overflowing from his body. His aura also began to increase. “Release him now! Otherwise, don’t even think of leaving this place alive!”

Although he was an Evil God Envoy, someone who enjoyed a high position in the Evil God’s Temple, he was only granted five Apostles. Even if one of his Apostles died, he wouldn’t get another.

Hence, he was extremely careful when selecting Apostles. After all, players without enough strength and resources weren’t likely to be of much help.

Although Abandoned Wave had lost the Blackwater Corporation’s support, he had already given Abandoned Wave one of his five Apostle slots. Losing Abandoned Wave was the equivalent of losing 600,000 Evil Beasts and 5,000 Evil Demons.

“Leave here alive?” Shi Feng turned to Beast Emperor. Chuckling, he said, “Are you joking? Or do you think I can’t tell that you’re just a mirror image?”

“You saw through it?!” Beast Emperor was stunned.

He did not have any Skills that allowed long-distance teleportation, but he could dispatch a mirror image, sending it to command his own army and that of his Apostles. Not only did this Skill guarantee his safety, but it also allowed him to keep his subordinates in check.

Although his mirror image was invulnerable, it couldn’t attack, either. The mirror image was only a replica that lasted 30 minutes.

“A doppelganger?” Flame Blood looked at Beast Emperor in confusion.

Both Beast Emperor’s aura and Evil Energy far exceeded Abandoned Wave’s. At the end of the day, a doppelganger was only a doppelganger. Everyone knew that, although they looked like the real deal, doppelgangers didn’t have the aura of the original player.

Yet, no matter how he looked at Beast Emperor, the man should be real.

But what Beast Emperor and Flame Blood didn’t know was that Shi Feng had activated Omniscient Eyes. He could see the truth of everything within 100 yards of himself.

The instant Beast Emperor had appeared, Shi Feng had activated Omniscient Eyes to avoid an ambush. After all, if one enemy appeared suddenly, others were likely nearby.

If Beast Emperor really wore a Black Cloak, though, even Omniscient Eyes wouldn’t reveal his identity. However, as this Beast Emperor was only a mirror image, the Black Cloak could only hide his appearance. It did nothing to hide the mirror image’s data from Omniscient Eyes. Moreover, as the mirror image was invulnerable, it couldn’t attack. It was similar to his Divine Steps.

Despite his ruse failing, Beast Emperor showed no signs of panic or worry. On the contrary, he laughed and said, “As expected of the player the Secret Pavilion dubbed the Sword King. Ordinary peak experts are no match for your strength and insight. However, did you think I’ve spent so much time talking to you just for fun?”

As soon as Beast Emperor had said so, a black figure descended from above.

The figure hovered above Beast Emperor as it gazed down at Shi Feng.

–

[Evil Demon] (Dark Creature, Grand Lord)

Level 70

HP 35,000,000/35,000,000