Chapter 1353 - Crazy Black Flame

Chapter 1353 – Crazy Black Flame

Beast Emperor’s deep voice echoed throughout the grassy plains. The surrounding temperature dropped.

Flame Blood couldn’t help but shudder.

This Beast Emperor was only a mirror image. It didn’t have any offensive ability. Beast Emperor wasn’t even backed by a superpower. However, no Guild would dare to underestimate his strength. The various superpowers were no exception.

Although Flame Blood didn’t know how much power Beast Emperor truly wielded he had learned that Beast Emperor still had two other Evil God Apostles. They had been Apostles much longer than Abandoned Wave and had considerably powerful backers. Unlike Abandoned Wave, the other two Apostles operated in secret in other kingdoms. They weren’t like Abandoned Wave, acting boldly in the open in Star-Moon Kingdom. Abandoned Wave’s actions were part of the reason he had gathered such a large army of Evil Beasts and Evil Demons so quickly.

After a moment of silence, Shi Feng shook his head and laughed.

“Do you really believe that I’m afraid of your Evil Beasts and Evil Demons?” Shi Feng asked calmly.

He didn’t know much about the Evil God’s Temple, but he knew that Evil Beasts and Evil Demons weren’t easy to produce. Unlike Evil Beasts, Evil Demons couldn’t be summoned. Evil Beast’s could only travel on foot as well. This was also why Evil God’s Temple players paid more attention to Evil Demons.

It was practically impossible for the Evil God’s Temple to amass another army of that size with Abandoned Wave’s army annihilated and the resources around Star-Moon City mostly exhausted. If it were possible to create Evil Beasts and Evil Demons without limit, Evil God’s Temple players would’ve long since become invincible. Of course, Beast Emperor might summon his own Evil Demons against Stone Forest Town, but with how rare they were, sending an army of demons to capture the town would be a waste.

When Flame Blood heard Shi Feng’s reply, he thought he had heard wrong for a moment.

Has Black Flame lost his mind?

Flame Blood stared at Shi Feng incredulously. He simply could not figure out what was going through Shi Feng’s mind.

Not only had Shi Feng refused a profitable business proposition, but he had also gone out of his way to provoke someone who shouldn’t be pushed.

He was a lunatic!

“Good! Very good! I had thought you were an intelligent man, Black Flame, but it would seem that you’re just a frog in a well with no idea of how vast heaven and earth are!” Beast Emperor’s expression darkened as several veins popped across his forehead. “Since you want war, I’ll give it to you!”

Saying so, Beast Emperor disappeared, his voice echoing across the grassy plains for a long time.

He left?

Flame Blood was stupefied.

He had assumed that Beast Emperor had been trying to buy time while waiting for his forces to arrive. However, it would seem he had been wrong.

What Flame Blood did not know was that, although Beast Emperor had considered buying time, he had dispelled the thought after Shi Feng had summoned Kite and Anna. After all, of the Evil Demons he had sent to fetch Abandoned Wave and Flame Blood, only three Great Lords remained. If those Great Lords had worked together with the demon that had died, they could suppress Shi Feng and wear him down until he died. Unfortunately, now that the Grand Lord was dead, he knew that he had lost his chance of defeating Shi Feng with the two Personal Guards by his side.

The ten Rock Guardian’s magic array alone could suppress his three Great Lord ranked Evil Demons. Shi Feng could even kill Flame Blood before his eyes.

If Zero Wing had sent reinforcements, they might even claim the Great Lords’ lives. Hence, there was no reason to linger.

While Flame Blood was dazed, Kite appeared before him, the NPC’s greatsword forming a blue arc as it sliced the Cleric’s throat. Before Flame Blood had realized what had happened, he died and dropped a piece of equipment.

“Start a war?” Shi Feng could not help but chuckle as he stared at the Beast Emperor’s previous location. He then picked up the equipment Flame Blood had dropped before returning to Stone Forest Town.

In reality, Shi Feng looked forward to Beast Emperor’s war.

He had already activated Star-Moon Kingdom’s Epic ranked Main Storyline Quest and was required to extract the Evil God’s Temple from the kingdom. Since Beast Emperor was the Evil God Envoy that had activated the Evil God’s Temple in Star-Moon Kingdom, their fight was only a matter of time.

Rather than let the Evil God’s Temple quietly develop in Star-Moon Kingdom, it was more beneficial to incite Beast Emperor to increase the temple’s activity in the kingdom. This way, he could locate the Evil God’s Temple’s base of operations faster and complete his quest.

Moreover, it was thanks to Beast Emperor that he had thought of a plan to develop Stone Forest Town while earning a lot of money.

Others might not know where to obtain the Auction House Design, but he recalled a certain location that would guarantee the acquisition.

The neutral map, Mourning Battlefield!

Once the Ancient Orc Empire’s capital, the area hid plenty of treasure. This was especially true for the imperial palace’s hidden treasury. The treasury contained rare items that the empire had obtained by conquering other nations. The Auction House Design was one of those treasures. Moreover, it wasn’t just any ordinary design. It was a Grandmaster’s Advanced Auction House Design.

Ouroboros had obtained the design in the past. In the end, the Guild had constructed the most gorgeous Auction House in Star-Moon Kingdom. It had caused quite a commotion. Even after ten years, it had still been the number one Auction House in the kingdom.

Beast Emperor’s appearance had also given Shi Feng a massive windfall.

The Evil God Crystal!

Ordinary players might disregard the Evil God Crystal, throwing it away. The item’s introduction only stated that it contained a horrific amount of Evil Energy, after all, and those who carried it would be cursed to encounter disaster and misfortune.

While this introduction was correct, it did fail to mention a particular aspect.

The Evil Energy the Evil God Crystal radiated had a corrosive effect on normal players. It had a similar effect to residing in areas polluted with Evil Energy for too long.

However, the Evil Energy within Evil God Crystals was also incredibly pure. It could help Evil Demons or Beasts to evolve. Doing so would also increase the monster’s growth potential. This was why Beast Emperor had wanted it so badly.

It had another, more frightening purpose as well; it could become a power core for a city’s magic array. Although the Evil God Crystal wasn’t as effective as the Titan’s Heart, it was still an extremely precious power core.

If used to power a city’s magic array, it would upgrade the array to a whole new level. Both the city’s defenses and its Mana density would increase significantly.

Various large Guilds had desperately sought after the crystal in the past.

Shi Feng hadn’t expected a Grand Lord ranked Evil Demon to drop the item. Normally, only Mythic ranked Evil Demons and above had a small drop-rate.

In the past, the Super Guild ruling the Lionheart Empire had annihilated the Evil God’s Temple, which had destroyed nearly half of the empire in the process. It had only obtained tow Evil God Crystals after slaughtering dozens of Mythic ranked and above Evil Demons. In the end, the Guild had used the two crystals to power two of its cities. Both cities had eventually grown to become the number one and number two Guild cities in the empire.

After seeing the Evil God Crystal’s wonderful potential, God’s Domain’s various large Guilds had searched for and hunted down the temple’s Evil Demons to obtain Evil God Crystals of their own.

When Shi Feng saw the crystal drop from the Grand Lord, he even wondered if his eyes had played a trick on him.