Chapter 1358 - Lost Magic Array

Chapter 1358 – Lost Magic Array

With such high Favorability and Merit Point rewards, it’s no wonder why those Guilds had hunted Evil God’s Temple players in the past.

Shi Feng couldn’t help his growing elation as he looked at his rewards.

Although the 10,000 Merit Points was a lot, without the corresponding Reputation and Favorability, they were useless.

Even after challenging the Twelve Trials, he had only been awarded 6,800 Merit Points. The items he could purchase were extremely limited. With 10,000 Merit Points, he had a greater variety available to him.

Moreover, he could purchase items from Capra.

“Lord Capra, I’ve heard that you are a Magic Array Master. I have always been very interested in magic arrays. May I know if I can purchase a few from you?” Shi Feng asked.

Purchasing items from Capra required a minimum of 100 Favorability.

Although 300 points were far from the maximum Favorability one could earn with Capra, Shi Feng had never heard of a single player with such high Favorability in the past.

“You are interested in magic arrays?” Capra’s elderly eyes shone with an excited light when he heard the words “magic array.” He continued, “Of course, you can. Very few youngsters are so studious. Come here. This magic water ball holds all of my records on magic arrays. If you wish to learn one, you can use this. However, the War God’s Temple rules still apply. To learn a magic array, you’ll need to pay the corresponding Merit Points.”

“Learn them from the magic water ball?” Shi Feng was slightly confused, though he nodded and approached the magic water ball.

He had come to purchase magic arrays from Capra in the past as well, but the old man had been in a workshop instead of an Astrology room. All of his magic arrays had been displayed on a bookshelf.

He hadn’t expected that he would get to choose an array from a magic water ball.

Magic arrays were not as easy to learn as most players assumed. The process was extremely complex.

Learning a magic array from a book was troublesome and difficult. Learning from a magic water ball was much easier. Players could practice the production steps through the water ball without wasting precious materials. This would greatly help improve one’s learning speed.

As Shi Feng tapped on the floating water ball, an exchange list appeared before him.

Amazing! There are so many Advanced Magic Arrays available! Shi Feng’s eyes glowed as he read the exchange list.

If one had to point out the most difficult item to obtain in God’s Domain, it would definitely be magic arrays.

Magic arrays also provided the most assistance. For example, there were suppression magic arrays, summoning magic arrays, defensive magic arrays, and many more. Unfortunately, obtaining a Basic Magic Array was incredibly challenging for the various large Guilds, not to mention Intermediate and Advanced rank.

Shi Feng now had access to more than thirty Basic Magic Arrays, eight Intermediate Magic Arrays, and three Advanced Magic Arrays.

In the past, Capra had only given Shi Feng one Advanced Magic Array option: the Advanced Mana Gathering Magic Array. Now, however, there were three.

Of course, they were also frighteningly expensive.

Basic Magic Arrays only cost between 500 and 1,500 Merit Points, while Intermediate Magic Arrays cost between 3,000 and 5,000 Merit Points, and the three Advanced Magic Arrays cost between 8,000 to 15,000 Merit Points.

Among the Advanced Magic Arrays, the cheapest was the Advanced Mana Gathering Magic Array. It was worth as much as the Seven Luminaries Ring he had purchased long ago.

These are… Celestial Magic Arrays!

Glancing at the three Advanced Magic Arrays, Shi Feng was stunned.

Celestial Magic Arrays weren’t like the arrays players commonly stumbled upon. These had survived since ancient times, lost in God’s Domain for many years. Every Celestial Magic Array was incredibly powerful, and because they borrowed power from the stars, they didn’t consume as much Mana as ordinary magic arrays. Celestial Magic Arrays had been very popular in God’s Domina, but for some unknown reason, they had vanished.

Yet, those magic arrays had appeared before Shi Feng.

Shi Feng found it hard to imagine that he could actually purchase Celestial Magic Arrays from Capra. He had only ever heard rumors of such a thing. In his previous life, very few Guilds had possessed Celestial Magic Arrays.

–

[Purgatory Star Magic Array] (Advanced Celestial Magic Array)

Suppress all enemies within a 200-yard radius, weakening their Basic Attributes by 70% if they are Tier 3, 50% if they are Tier 4, and 20% if they are Tier 5.

Required Merit Points: 15,000

[Starlight Gathering Magic Array] (Advanced Celestial Magic Array)

Creates an enclosed space with a 500-yard radius, increasing the Mana density within the enclosed space by 300%.

Required Merit Points: 12,000

–

Although the introductions were brief, Shi Feng read them with bated breath.

The Advanced Mana Gathering Magic Array could only increase the Mana density in a 500-yard radius by 200%, but the Starlight Gathering Magic Array increased the density by 300%. Although there was only a 50% boost to player’s performance, it was a qualitative difference.

As for the Purgatory Star Magic Array, even challenging Tier 4 Mythic monsters would become easier with its power. After all, the majority of the Advanced Magic Arrays available in God’s Domain could only suppress Tier 4 Mythic monsters by 30%.

For a time, Shi Feng was fraught with indecision.

He had initially planned to purchase the Advanced Mana Gathering Magic array, saving his remaining points for special tools that could aid him in the Mourning Battlefield. However, the Starlight Gathering Magic Array just too tempting.

He had experienced such a powerful array in a Super Guild’s main city in the past, and he had to admit that the magic array had been wonderfully effective. When he had practiced his combat techniques inside the magic array, his training efficiency had risen by leaps and bounds. Even the Divine Colosseum’s Trial Tower could not compare to that magic array’s effects. Only the Holy City of Titan could surpass it. However, to reach locations such as the Holy City, one’s status needed to be extremely high, and they needed to pay an exorbitant price. Very few large Guilds could afford such a price.

Forget it! Let’s just pick it!

Shi Feng gritted his teeth and chose the Starlight Gathering Magic Array.

It was extremely difficult to obtain War God’s Temple Merit Points. If he purchased the Advanced Mana Gathering Array, it would be a long time before he gathered enough points to purchase the Starlight Gathering Magic Array. Now that Stone Forest Town had stabilized, and he had begun his city’s construction, setting up the Starlight Gathering Array in both locations would further reinforce their popularity.

–

System: The Starlight Gathering Magic Array requires 12,000 Merit Points. You have 3,500 War God’s Temple Reputation Points. You may pay 20% of the Merit Point cost in Coins. Do you wish to use Coins?

System: Based on the system’s analysis of the current market, each Merit Point is worth 2 Gold Coins. Do you wish to proceed?

–

“Purchase!” Shi Feng agreed to the transaction without hesitation.

Four thousand eight hundred Gold for 2,400 Merit Points wasn’t particularly expensive.

Fortunately, the required currency wasn’t Magic Crystals. He wouldn’t have been able to fork over a single crystal.

Shi Feng wasn’t particularly surprised that the cost of Merit Points had increased. In the future, he would likely have to part with an exorbitant amount of Gold Coins in exchange for Merit Points. After all, as players reached higher levels, their income would continue to increase. The game’s player population was also increasing. As a result, more Coins would become available in God’s Domain. It was only natural for their value to depreciate. Of course, the Main God System constantly worked to lower inflation by reducing the number of Coins in the market.

Suddenly, Capra asked curiously, “Young adventurer, you have chosen a Celestial Magic Array?”

“Yes. I am very interested in learning the magic arrays that have been passed down since ancient times,” Shi Feng confirmed, nodding.

Practically every God’s Domain player had been interested in Celestial Magic Arrays in the past.

“I won’t stop you from purchasing it. However, I need to remind you that Celestial Magic Arrays aren’t like your conventional magic arrays. Producing them requires extremely rare materials. They are impossible to mass-produce,” Capra reminded.

“Thank you for the information, Lord Capra,” Shi Feng responded respectfully.

He had already been aware of the Celestial Magic Arrays’ flaws. However, even the Advanced Mana Gathering Magic Array’s materials were exceedingly difficult to obtain. Since both arrays’ materials were challenging to collect, it was wiser to choose the more powerful array.

Following which, Capra chanted an incantation. Suddenly, a palm-sized water ball separated from its massive counterpart. The ball of water then landed in Shi Feng’s hands.

After obtaining the Starlight Gathering Magic Array and leaving the War God’s Temple, Shi Feng received a communication request from Aqua Rose.

“What’s the rush? Has something happened?” Shi Feng asked when he saw the woman’s anxiety.

“Guild Leader, check the official forums! Some time ago, Heaven’s Burial signed an agreement with several top adventurer teams and dozens of well-known adventurer teams. These adventurer teams have officially occupied Heaven’s Burial’s town. News of this has already reached the various large Guilds,” Aqua Rose hurriedly reported.