Chapter 1355 - Adventurer House

Chapter 1355 – Adventurer House

God’s Domain had plenty of adventurer teams.

Aside from a few lone rangers, independent players with similar goals usually formed teams that were exempt from Guild restrictions.

Some of the top adventurer teams in the game were even as strong as some of the game’s Guilds.

Take the Midnight Tea Party for example. It explored various dangerous locations in God’s Domain, constantly challenging its limits. The adventurer team was little more than a power group of lunatics. When these people gathered, even Super Guilds feared their prowess.

Owl was another well-known adventurer team, just as famous as the Midnight Tea Party. However, Owl had more members than the Midnight Tea Party, and they weren’t as addicted to battle. Rather, Owl consisted of players that enjoyed challenging all kinds of quests. In the past, Owl had even completed a few quests that Super Guilds had failed.

Due to these top adventurer teams’ fame, the Guild towns and cities they occupied would become instantly popular as countless like-minded players swarmed to these locations.

However, the Midnight Tea Party had been an exception in the past. The adventurer team had never set up a fixed base, and the team member’s whereabouts had been a mystery, making the team nearly impossible to locate intentionally.

Meanwhile, when a large number of adventurer teams occupied a Guild Town, the ruling Guild would rake in considerable profit long-term, and these teams would help defend the town if it were attacked.

Other Guilds typically avoided targeting Guild towns and cities that had multiple top adventurer teams. After all, not only would these guilds make an enemy of the defending Guild by attacking the town, but they’d also make enemies of the adventurer teams. It simply wasn’t a wise decision.

Adventurer teams setting up in a Guild town always benefited the ruling Guild.

“They sure moved quickly.” Shi Feng was slightly confused as he watched the various adventurer team representatives outside of the Residence.

He had assumed that it would take some more time before these teams made a decision.

After all, the battle in Stone Forest Town had just ended, and investing in a Guild Town was an incredibly important decision that would affect the team’s development. They needed to consider their options carefully.

“When I first saw them, I had assumed that they were experts some Guild had sent to snatch the Town Token,” Aqua Rose said, giggling. “However, after listening to what they had to say, it seems that they were already interested in setting up in Stone Forest Town. Only, they were hesitant due to concerns over the town’s safety. After seeing Zero Wing’s foundations, they rushed over.”

“Tell them that Stone Forest Town still needs repairs, so we won’t be selling any adventurer houses just yet. Once we’ve repaired the town, we’ll construct five adventurer houses. When the time comes, the houses will be available in the Candlelight Auction and will go to the highest bidder,” Shi Feng decided after giving the matter some thought.

“This…” Aqua Rose was at a loss for words when she stared at Shi Feng’s serious expression.

Normally, Guilds hoped to house as many adventurer teams as possible in their towns to increase the town’s overall strength. Some large Guilds even sold their adventurer teams for a low price to attract these teams.

Yet, not only had Shi Feng decided to sell a limited number of these adventurer houses, but he also intended to sell them off to the highest bidders. Such a bold decision was likely to chase away these adventurer teams.

“Just convey my decision. A town’s development is never dependent on how many adventurer teams it has. As long as they are strong enough, two or three teams will be enough,” Shi Feng said.

A town’s land was limited, and adventurer houses easily took up enough space for 20 private houses. Rather than increasing the town’s security with a few measly adventurer teams, they’d benefit from more independent players visiting the town for rest and relaxation.

“Understood. I’ll let them know.” Aqua Rose could not help but sigh.

Although she, understood Shi Feng’s reasoning, not even powerful adventurer teams were likely to pay a high price to occupy a Guild town. After all, these teams would serve as free guards after investing in the town.

Although Stone Forest Town offered considerable benefits, these benefits meant little to powerful adventurer teams. At most, they’d buy one or two private houses over competing for an adventurer house.

Sure enough, once Aqua Rose informed the various teams of Shi Feng’s decision, it caused a commotion among the various players.

This incident immediately hit the kingdom’s official forums, dissuading a few well-known adventurer teams from occupying Stone Forest Town.

“They’re only selling five adventurer houses?! Do they want us to pay to sever as the town’s bodyguards?!”

“Zero Wing is dreaming! There are tons of Guild towns that want us! Only an idiot would compete for those five slots!”

“Zero Wing is too arrogant! Do they think that our only option is to set up in Stone Forest Town!?”

…

Zero Wing’s announcement came as a shock to ordinary players. They had never expected such a boastful stance from the Guild. Of course, these players had never considered setting up a base in the town. After all, they could only afford a private house in Stone Forest Town in their dreams, much less an adventurer house.

To Star-Moon Kingdom’s various adventurer teams, however, Zero Wing was just trying to scam them.

…

Meanwhile, inside an ancient ruin in the Apocalypse Empire, a 20-man team rested in its temple. Corpses of Level 55-plus monsters littered the ground around them. The weakest of their enemies had been a Chieftain, while the strongest had been a Great Lord, yet this 20-man team had slaughtered them. Moreover, not one member of the team had died.

“Hahaha! Black Flame, you really are an interesting man!” Endless Scars laughed when she heard about Zero Wing’s announcement.

“Big Sis Endless?” Cloud Yarn, the Cleric sitting beside her, was confused by Endless Scars’s smile.

Cloud Yarn wasn’t the only one; the other team members also turned to look at their leader. Even the other members of the team could not help but turn to look at Endless Scars.

Endless Scars had actually laughed. They could count the number of times they’ve seen her laugh since they had joined the team on their fingers.

“It’s nothing. Zero Wing intends to auction off adventurer houses, and they’re only selling a handful,” Endless Scars explained.

“They’re auctioning houses in limited quantities? What powerful adventurer team would be foolish enough to garrison in Stone Forest Town?” Everyone was surprised to hear about Zero Wing’s latest announcement.

No matter how excellent Stone Forest Town’s conditions were, the Stoneclaw Mountains was a Regional Dungeon with a level cap of 50. Many adventurer teams had already begun to purchase Mounts for their members, and it wouldn’t be long before they were over Level 50. There weren’t any other high-level and high-resource maps near Stone Forest Town. Powerful adventurer teams’ priority was to level up and upgrade their weapons and equipment; everything else was secondary. Even with the town’s high Mana density, there was no point to occupying Stone Forest Town.

What sane adventurer team would possibly be willing to pay a huge price to set up a base in the town?

“Foolish, is it?” As Endless Scars read the report about the siege war in Stone Forest Town, her interest in Zero Wing grew.

After all, the Guild had abandoned the opportunity to strengthen its town and used a completely different approach than the other Guilds. Endless Scars found the Guild’s actions both confusing and intriguing.

…

While Star-Moon Kingdoms various major powers discussed the matter, Shi Feng, the perpetrator of this commotion, returned to White River City. After leaving the Teleportation Hall, he took an advanced horse carriage to the War God’s Temple.