Chapter 1369 - Empire'S Rise

Chapter 1369 – Empire’s Rise

Angel Summoning!

This was the strongest trump card Shi Feng could use right now.

Although he knew that the ten Rock Guardians couldn’t hold off a Mythic ranked Orc for long, he hadn’t expected them to die so quickly. Only 22 seconds had passed since he had started the disabling process.

To make matters worse, he wasn’t allowed to receive damage or use Skills to defend himself. Doing so would reset the disabling process.

“Human! You have angered me! You dare come and steal the King’s treasure?! You will pay for this transgression with your life!” The Orc Chieftain’s wrathful bellow echoed throughout the hall, shaking the very stone. The Orc Chieftain’s eyes were bloodshot, and its muscles had expanded significantly. Flames danced across its body. As a result, when it dashed towards Shi Feng, it looked like a flying meteor.

Even with over 100 yards between them, Shi Feng couldn’t help but shudder when he felt the Orc Chieftain’s violent killing intent wrap around him.

Since he was so close to disabling the magic barrier, the Orc Chieftain had entered its berserk state, both its Strength and speed receiving significant buffs.

Although Anna could summon a Tier 4 Valkyrie, she was only Level 75. The Valkyrie she summoned would be the same level. A Level 75 Valkyrie was already at a disadvantage against a Level 85 Mythic Orc, not to mention while that Mythic Orc was in a Berserk state.

As the loading bar was nearly full, the Orc Chieftain stood less than 30 yards away from Shi Feng.

“Turn to dust!” the Orc Chieftain shouted as it swung its greatsword, the flames around the weapon descending on Shi Feng.

The Valkyrie finally moved as the flaming pillar was about to smash into Shi Feng.

Before anyone noticed, a golden lightning spear had appeared in the Valkyrie’s hand, and she threw the lightning spear at the flaming pillar.

Boom!

As the lightning spear left the Valkyrie’s hand, a thundering boom echoed throughout the hall.

The instant the spear encountered the pillar of fire, the flames scattered as the lightning spear continued towards the Orc Chieftain.

However, despite the lightning spear’s astonishing speed, moving so fast that even Shi Feng didn’t have time to react, the Orc Chieftain struck the incoming spear down with its greatsword, diverting the attack trajectory.

Boom!

When spear and greatsword collided, brilliant sparks scattered around the impact. The resulting shockwave of the collision was so powerful that even Shi Feng, who was quite far away from the Orc Chieftain, felt it.

Following which, the Orc Chieftain, who was in a Berserk state, flew over 20 yards backward, fear surfacing on its face as it stared at the Valkyrie.

So strong!

Shi Feng’s gaped at the scene.

Although he knew that the Valkyrie was quite strong due to being a member of the Angel race, he had never expected her to overwhelm a Mythic monster with a Tier 4 Domain. Furthermore, the Valkyrie was ten levels below the Orc Chieftain.

If not for Angel Summoning’s ten-second duration, the Valkyrie might even kill the Chieftain.

Shi Feng’s excitement grew as he thought about killing a Level 85, Tier 4 Peak monster. If he killed the Orc Chieftain, he could obtain loot that was even more extraordinary than what ordinary Mythic monsters dropped.

After all, every Tier 4 Peak monster was an overlord in God’s Domain. Every one of these creature’s deaths would send tremors throughout God’s Domain.

After landing her first attack, the Valkyrie’s wings trembled slightly. In the blink of an eye, she arrived before the Orc Chieftain wielding another golden lightning spear. This time, she thrust the spear forward, moving so fast that even Shi Feng’s eyes couldn’t keep up.

However, the Orc Chieftain wasn’t phased as he took a step forward and met the spear with his greatsword.

In an instant, the Valkyrie and Orc Chieftain exchanged several blows, the two Tier 4 existences filling the hall with lightning and fire. The battle’s residual power alone prevented anyone from approaching.

However, the numerous exchanges pushed the Orc Chieftain back, one step after another, increasing the distance between him and Shi Feng.

Shi Feng released a sigh of relief as the Valkyrie suppressed the Orc Chieftain.

In the meantime, the loading bar gradually continued to fill.

When the loading bar was full, the magic barrier protecting the treasury disappeared.

“Damnable human!” Seeing the magic barrier vanish, the Orc Chieftain’s eyes turned bloodshot as he glared hatefully at Shi Feng. “Die!”

Suddenly, the hall’s Mana grew violent as a gray, threefold magic array formed at the tip of the Orc Chieftain’s greatsword. The crimson flames dancing over the weapon also faded to a dark-gray, radiating a deathly aura that even Shi Feng was wary of.

Suddenly, the Orc Chieftain swung its greatsword in Shi Feng’s direction nine times, sending nine, gray fire pythons towards the Swordsman.

Although the Valkyrie tried to block the attacks with her lightning spears, she could only toss seven spears in a single breath, striking down seven fire pythons. The remaining two continued towards Shi Feng unhindered.

Watching the two fire pythons approach, Shi Feng did not dare to be careless as he activated Absolute Defense while trying to open the doors before him.

Although the treasury doors were massive, Shi Feng pulled one open without much force. Although the gray fire had wrapped around him, they couldn’t do any harm.

“Success!” Shi Feng was ecstatic.

The Orc Chieftain watched helplessly as Shi Feng disappeared into the treasury with Anna at his heels.

The treasury contained a teleportation array connected to a special space. The special space was similar to a Dungeon. Once players entered, monsters and players outside wouldn’t be able to reach them.

Upon entering the treasury, Shi Feng stood before a large, golden shrine.

Various treasures had been put on display inside the shrine, and every one of these items was extremely valuable to current players.

“It’s here!” Shi Feng was elated to see the pitch-black war axe inside one of the shrine’s Magic Crystal Pillars.

The war axe inside the Magic Crystal Pillar was none other than the Disintegration Axe, the weapon which had once belonged to the Orc Empire’s founding emperor. Legend had it that this axe possessed boundless power, and a single hit could destroy a city. The Disintegration Axe had been the reason the Orc Empire had prospered and been feared by God’s Domain’s various empires.

However, for some unknown reason, the Disintegration Axe had been shattered, resulting in the Orc Empire’s eventual downfall. The Disintegration Axe before him was merely one of the larger fragments.

Although the Disintegration Axe’s fragment was right before him, Shi Feng didn’t hurry to grab it. Instead, he slowly checked the shrine’s other treasures.

If the Orc Palace’s treasury were a unique Dungeon, then these treasures were its loot. Only, while some of the items on display were available in unlimited quantities, some items would disappear forever once they were claimed.

However, whether or not players could claim these items would depend on their abilities.

Every team that entered the palace treasury only had two chances to pick an item. The higher-quality the items they chose were, the stronger their opponent would be. Only after killing these monsters would players be granted their chosen item. After the two attempts, players would have to wait five days before reentering the treasury.

Shi Feng had long since familiarized himself with the monsters that could appear in the treasury, including their level of difficulty. Only, he wasn’t sure if his quest would trigger any changes.

After confirming the Disintegration Axe’s location, the sound of a system notification reached his ears as he scanned through the nearby items.

–

System Announcement: A player has triggered the new expansion pack “Empire’s Rise.” The System will undergo an update. The estimated duration is 10 hours. Please prepare to log out.