Chapter 1368 - Mythic Orc

Chapter 1368 – Mythic Orc

Upon hearing the footsteps, Shi Feng instinctively activated Omniscient Eyes. Immediately, he could see everything happening within 100 yards.

A patrol squad?

With Omniscient Eyes’ perception, he sensed a group of six Level 85 Orc Warriors moving towards his position, every one of them a Great Lord. If not for the Orc Warriors having to disable the various traps, they would’ve long since reached his position.

After watching the Orc Warriors disable the traps one after another, Shi Feng made a rough estimate.

His guess was that these Orc Warriors needed roughly 20 seconds to disable each trap—which meant they would take a maximum of only three minutes to reach him.

Moreover, the corridor leading to the treasury did not have any forks. Once the patrol squad disabled the traps and entered the corridor, he would have nowhere to hide.

The security here is really tight. It seems I can only give that thing a shot.

Shi Feng shifted his gaze to the Orc Chieftain resting before the treasury.

Now that his goal was already before him, there was no way he would simply retreat without doing anything. Besides, these Orcs were highly intelligent. Who knew what sort of changes would occur on his next attempt at entering this place?

Also, judging by the earlier sight of Orcs continuously entering the city gates, he could tell that the number of Orcs in the ancient city would most likely become even more frightening in the future.

Following which, Shi Feng took out a Summon Guard Scroll from his bag and summoned Anna. He then took out the Bible of Darkness and summoned a Tier 3 Demon.

Although a Level 64, Tier 3 Demon was no different from a fly to a Level 85, Mythic ranked Orc, right now, every second counted.

When he had visited the Orc Palace in his previous life, there had been no Orc Chieftain defending the treasury. However, there had been a magic barrier, and the toughness of this magic barrier could even rival the magic array protecting White River City. Even Tier 4 Mythic monsters would be helpless against it.

In order to enter it, players needed to use one Mana Stone to disable the barrier temporarily.

While he had already prepared the Mana Stone required, disabling the magic barrier was time-consuming.

To be precise, it took 30 seconds to disable the barrier.

Thirty seconds might not be a long time, but surviving against a Level 85 Mythic Orc for 30 seconds would be an extremely challenging feat for Shi Feng’s current self to accomplish.

After Anna appeared, she summoned ten Level 75 Rock Guardians and one Level 75 Great Lord ranked Golden Giant. Although these summoned creatures were nothing in the face of the Orc Chieftain, they could buy him some time.

“Good! Let’s begin!” Shi Feng commanded.

Anna promptly controlled the Golden Giant to dash forward, the Great Lord making the ground shudder as it ran.

Almost immediately, the Orc Chieftain, who was still over 200 yards away from the Golden Giant, discovered the Great Lord’s presence. Upon opening its eyes, the Orc Chieftain gave the Golden Giant a look of contempt.

In the next moment, a wave of crimson energy flooded out into the surroundings from the Orc Chieftain’s body.

The instant this energy wave enveloped the Golden Giant, the Golden Giant’s movements turned sluggish as if the Great Lord had just run into a muddy swamp. Even its Basic Attributes fell by 20%.

Impossible! An Orc has actually grasped a Tier 4 Domain?!

Shi Feng was shocked when he saw the crimson domain that had formed around the Orc Chieftain.

Even Tier 4 NPCs would not necessarily possess a Tier 4 Domain Skill. Any monster or NPC that managed to grasp a Tier 4 Domain would have their strength categorized as Tier 4 Peak. Unless one had a sufficiently powerful magic array, defeating such monsters and NPCs was practically impossible for player teams below Tier 4.

After all, not only could a Domain suppress its user’s enemies, but it could also strengthen its user. Unless one possessed a Domain of their own to serve as a counter or had overwhelming power, they would definitely be killed.

Although the Orc Chieftain’s Domain was not very powerful and had a range of only 200 yards, even a 1,000-man elite team would not be able to defeat it without the aid of an Advanced Magic Array’s suppression.

The Golden Giant had only crossed a distance of 10 yards or so when the Orc Chieftain already appeared before it.

In terms of size, the Orc Chieftain looked no different from an infant as it stood before the Golden Giant. However, when the Golden Giant, a Strength-based Great Lord, sent a punch at the Orc Chieftain, the latter easily stopped the blow with just one hand.

In the next moment, too lazy to even use its weapon, the Orc Chieftain countered with a punch of its own at the Golden Giant’s body.

Along with a loud

boom

, a strong gust of wind enveloped the entire hall as the Golden Giant went flying over 30 yards. Its body got embedded deep inside a wall while its HP instantly plummeted over 1,000,000 as well.

The Orc Chieftain’s Strength surprised even Shi Feng.

Whether it was in terms of speed or Strength, the Orc Chieftain was simply not an opponent that players at this stage of the game could go up against. Just one attack would be more than enough to kill a Tier 2 MT of the same level with their Lifesaving Skill activated. The Orc Chieftain was an existence that was far superior even to the Evil Earth Dragons that appeared during the siege war.

When the Orc Chieftain appeared before the Golden Giant once more and was about to swing its fist at the Great Lord again, Anna quickly had the ten Rock Guardians rush forward and form a magic barrier, trapping the Orc Chieftain in it.

Unless the Orc Chieftain killed the Rock Guardians, it would not be able to escape the barrier. Meanwhile, with the barrier activated, not only did the Rock Guardians’ Basic Attributes increase, but the damage they received would also be shared equally among themselves. Hence, it would take the Orc Chieftain some time to whittle down the Rock Guardians’ combined HP of over 200,000,000.

“Good!”

Seeing the Orc Chieftain trapped, Shi Feng activated Wind Rider and dashed towards the doors of the treasury without hesitation.

“Despicable thief!” The Orc Chieftain immediately noticed Shi Feng approaching the treasury’s doors, the originally playful look on its face turning serious. It then retrieved the greatsword slung on its back and sent a fierce slash at the magic barrier.

The Orc Chieftain’s slash opened a crack in the magic barrier, nearly slicing the barrier in two. For a moment, Shi Feng even thought that the magic barrier would fail to contain the Orc Chieftain.

Fortunately, the Orc Chieftain’s attack did not reach the magic barrier’s shattering limit, and the barrier mended itself rapidly by absorbing a portion of the Rock Guardians’ HPs.

However, in the blink of an eye, each Rock Guardian lost over 100,000 HP.

After seeing its first attack fail, the Orc Chieftain shifted its target from the magic barrier itself to one of the Rock Guardians. Scorching flames enveloping its greatsword, the Orc Chieftain swung the weapon down on its new target. Immediately, every one of the Lord ranked Rock Guardians lost over 300,000 HP. Their destruction was only a matter of time.

As for the Golden Giant, that was similarly trapped inside the magic barrier. Although it tried to interfere with the Orc Chieftain’s attacks, the latter paid no attention to the Golden Giant whatsoever. The Orc Chieftain simply focused on attacking the Rock Guardians, chipping away at their HP. Moreover, the rate at which the Rock Guardians were losing HP kept rising.

“Quick! Move quickly!” After arriving before the treasury’s doors and starting the disabling process for the magic barrier, Shi Feng could not help but grow anxious as he looked at the loading bar that appeared before him.

At the rate at which the Orc Chieftain was dealing damage, the Rock Guardians would die in less than 30 seconds. Meanwhile, while Shi Feng was disabling the magic barrier, he could not suffer any interruption at all. As long as he came under attack or tried using a Skill or tool, he would have to start the disabling process all over again.

Five seconds… Ten seconds… Twenty seconds…

When two-thirds of the loading bar was filled up, the sound of an explosion entered Shi Feng’s ears. All ten Rock Guardians were annihilated. Moreover, right now, the Orc Chieftain’s body was covered in flames. It was obvious that the Orc Chieftain was no longer pulling its punches.

Letting out an angry roar, the Orc Chieftain dashed straight at Shi Feng.

Gnashing his teeth, Shi Feng shouted, “Anna!”

Just in time, Anna finished chanting the last verse of her incantation. In the next moment, a golden magic array formed at the ceiling of the hall. A silver-armored Valkyrie then appeared covering Shi Feng’s back.