Chapter 1366 - Ancient Treasure Chest

Chapter 1366 – Ancient Treasure Chest

The instant Shi Feng appeared before the towering palace, he immediately sensed two sources of killing intent locking on to him.

If an ordinary player were standing in his place, the pressure definitely would’ve suffocated them.

Sure enough, the game won’t let players enter the palace so easily.

Shi Feng glanced at the two stone statues situated on each side of the palace’s main entrance. The killing intent he felt came from none other than these two statues.

Originally, he thought that once he had lured away the Orcs surrounding the palace, he could enter the palace undetected. However, his distraction attempt had failed to draw these two Gargoyles from their stations, as they simply stood guard before the palace’s entrance.

–

[Gargoyle] (Demonic Beast, Great Lord)

Level 85

HP 90,000,000/90,000,000

–

The instant these two Gargoyles awakened, they let loose an angry roar that echoed throughout the entire ancient city. Their cries immediately notified the Orcs, which had left the city to deal with the invaders, that there was an intruder at the palace. The Orcs promptly turned around and raced back.

Damn it.

Shi Feng promptly activated Wind Rider and dashed into the palace.

The terrain inside the Orc Palace was complex. Moreover, the interior was slightly cramped. There, he would not have to take the full brunt of the Orc army.

In the next moment, Shi Feng transformed into a streak of light as he disappeared into the inner section of the palace. As for the awakened Gargoyles, they flapped the wings on their backs and chased after him.

“Guild Leader, not good! The three Mythic ranked Orcs returned to the city right away after destroying the Miniature Ballistas!” a Zero Wing member, who was hiding at the foot of a mountain, reported hurriedly in the team chat when he saw the Mythic Orcs flying back to the city.

Already?

Shi Feng frowned slightly. He then replied, “I got it. You guys should leave this place now.”

Although the Gargoyles were currently chasing after him, after he activated Wind Rider, he was much faster than they were. Moreover, now that he had entered the palace, with the interior of the palace akin to a maze, even if he couldn’t throw the Gargoyles off his trail, the Gargoyles wouldn’t be able to do anything to him within a short period.

The only problem was the three Mythic Orcs. If they spotted him, he definitely wouldn’t even have a chance to escape. He needed to locate the Disintegration Axe before those Mythic Orcs discovered him. If he failed in his attempt this time, the difficulty of his next attempt at entering the palace would no doubt be much higher.

Fortunately, Shi Feng was still relatively familiar with the palace’s terrain. Without faltering, he rapidly wound closer and closer to the palace’s underground treasury.

“Roar!”

As Shi Feng neared the underground treasury, the two Gargoyles grew enraged, continuously letting out one roar after another while also spitting out gray breaths.

Everything that came in contact with this breath was immediately petrified. Players could not block this move, only dodge.

When Wind Rider’s duration was close to running out, Shi Feng was still more than halfway to the underground treasury. Meanwhile, like navigators, the two Gargoyles constantly reported their exact locations to the Orcs inside the city.

If I don’t get rid of these two Gargoyles, those three Mythic Orcs will most likely find me in short order.

A deep frown formed on Shi Feng’s face as he looked at the two Gargoyles dogging his heels. He finally understood why nobody managed to complete this commission in the past.

Anyone who wished to complete it needed sufficient combat power to capture the ancient city. However, doing so was easier said than done.

Although he had managed to get into the palace using a trick, if he did not kill the two Gargoyles chasing after him, it would be only a matter of time before he had to face off against the three Mythic Orcs.

However, even if the two Gargoyles simply stood still and did nothing, he wouldn’t be able to kill either one of them due to their ridiculously high HPs.

Just as Shi Feng was trying to think of a way to deal with the Gargoyles, he suddenly discovered a forked path ahead of him. Meanwhile, the two branches headed in opposite directions.

A forked path?

Shi Feng’s lips curled up slightly when he saw the fork ahead.

Although killing the Gargoyles was beyond him, throwing them off his trail would be sufficient to achieve his goal. As long as he could escape the Gargoyles’ perception range, the two Great Lords would no longer be able to locate him.

Following which, Shi Feng activated Phantom Kill. He and his doppelganger then split up, each of them taking one of the paths ahead. However, the path Shi Feng himself chose did not lead to the palace’s treasury but to the underground library.

The Gargoyles had long since locked on to Shi Feng’s presence, so they completely ignored the doppelganger as they continued in pursuit of the real body.

Soon, the distance separating Shi Feng and his doppelganger widened.

One hundred yards… Three hundred yards… Five hundred yards…

When Wind Rider’s duration ended and Shi Feng landed back on the ground, the two Gargoyles immediately moved to surround him. They then revealed sinister expressions as they stalked up to Shi Feng step by step.

Seven hundred yards…this should be enough.

Looking at the Gargoyles that were already preparing to assault him, Shi Feng silently guessed the distance between him and his doppelganger.

In God’s Domain, different monsters had different perception ranges. According to statistics, setting aside those with very high intellect, monsters at the Great Lord rank generally had a maximum perception range of 500 to 600 yards, while Mythic monsters’ was between 1,000 and 1,500 yards. Thus, when players were targeted by Mythic monsters, escape was generally impossible.

As for the Gargoyles, due to them being Demonic Beasts, they could be considered relatively sensitive monsters. Hence, their maximum perception range should exceed 500 yards. As a precaution, Shi Feng chose to put at least 700 yards between himself and his doppelganger before swapping positions.

In the next moment, the two Gargoyles let loose angry roars as they spat out gray whirlwinds from their mouths. In this cramped space, it was practically impossible for Shi Feng to avoid the whirlwinds.

Replace!

Shi Feng directly used his Doppelganger Replace Skill, switching positions with his distant doppelganger.

At the same time, he also had his doppelganger activate Defensive Blade to buy him as much time as possible.

“You guys have fun with my doppelganger.” Shi Feng smiled faintly when he appeared in the other pathway. He could tell that the killing intent locked on him had already disappeared. He then activated Windwalk and dashed towards the underground treasury.

Although there were no longer any monsters on his tail, Shi Feng did not dare to be careless. He immediately activated Omniscient Eyes to constantly scan his surroundings.

The reason he had done so was the increase in density of traps as one got closer to the palace’s treasury, and accidentally triggering even one of them might result in death.

When Shi Feng had come here in the past, the Orc Palace had long since been explored by other players. Back then, the traps inside the palace were mostly disabled already. He had only visited it to try his luck and see if he could come across any Treasure Chests.

After all, Treasure Chests spawned randomly. Meanwhile, the chances of stumbling across a Treasure Chest in a location like a palace was much higher than elsewhere.

Hm? What?! There really is a Treasure Chest!

Shortly after Shi Feng headed off to the treasury, he discovered a small, secret room in a corridor leading to a small courtyard, and placed inside the secret room was a Treasure Chest.

I don’t think I saw this secret room in the past. However, the magic barrier set up to protect this room really is complex. I wonder what rank the Treasure Chest stored inside is?

Omniscient Eyes only allowed him to perceive the shape of the Treasure Chest. He could not determine the quality and color of the materials used to create the Treasure Chest itself.

Following which, Shi Feng walked over to the secret room.

Fortunately, no traps were set up inside the secret room. There was only a magic barrier that concealed the room from the eyes of players, so there was no danger whatsoever.

If he did not take away such a Treasure Chest, then he really would be doing a disservice to himself.

“The concealment technique used is really brilliant. Not only is there a magic barrier to hide the room’s presence, but there is also a physical mechanism hiding it. Even an expert in cracking traps would not be able to notice this room. No wonder nobody managed to discover this place in the past,” Shi Feng muttered in astonishment.

Unfortunately, even if the room was skillfully hidden, such trickery was no use against Omniscient Eyes.

Breaking through the magic barrier was a piece of cake. Shi Feng just activated Flame Burst and sent ten or so attacks at the wall concealing the room. Once the barrier was shattered, the real wall appeared before him. He then pulled the chain hidden by the foot of the wall.

In the next moment, the wall slowly rose, revealing the secret room.

The instant the secret room was opened, Shi Feng felt a dense wave of Mana washing over him, giving him a pleasant feeling. His mind also felt refreshed. In the next moment, however, a terrifying aura enveloped his body, making even movement difficult.

After Shi Feng saw the true nature of this Treasure Chest, he could not help his surprise.

An Ancient Treasure Chest!