Chapter 1364 - The Price Of Playing With Fire

Chapter 1364 – The Price of Playing with Fire

“Guild Leader, you intend to compete against them?” Melancholic Smile was startled when she heard Shi Feng’s words.

Before this, Red Iron Town had become quite popular among the kingdom’s players due to its strategic location and its connection to Evernight City. Once Heaven’s Burial opened the Red Iron Mine to the public, it had attracted even more players and adventurer teams.

Now, the town also had an Auction House, allowing players to sell their items there while paying a cheaper processing fee than in the Auction Houses in NPC cities. Furthermore, the town had received its promotion to Intermediate rank, able to accommodate even more players.

If they truly wanted to compete with Red Iron Town, they’d have to lower their asking prices for Stone Forest Town’s private houses and Shops.

The other Zero Wing upper echelons might not know the Guild’s top secrets and current financial state, but Melancholic Smile, who managed a large portion of Zero Wing’s affairs and transactions, did.

Right now, Zero Wing urgently needed 35,000 Gold to cover the additional expenses incurred while constructing the Guild’s new city.

Without the reimbursement fee, the city’s construction would halt. Moreover, the longer they delayed paying off this debt, the higher the fee would become.

This was the true reason for auctioning off Stone Forest Town’s private houses and Shops.

Now that Stone Forest Town had lost its advantages over Red Iron Town, competing with Heaven’s Burial wasn’t wise.

“Since Heaven’s Burial wants to play, as Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild, Zero Wing cannot back down!” Shi Feng declared, laughing. “However, since they want to play, let’s raise the stakes. Announce to the public that any player or adventurer team that purchases a private house or Shop from Heaven’s Burial will be banned from all of Zero Wing’s towns and cities!”

“Guild Leader! This… Isn’t that going a little too far?!” Shi Feng’s words shocked Melancholic Smile.

Such a declaration was tantamount to declaring war against Heaven’s Burial.

Now that Stone Forest Town didn’t have a clear advantage, such a move was far too risky.

“Relax. Just announce it. I’ll have someone bring you the recipe for the Magic Soul Potion soon. Have the Guild’s alchemists produce them as quickly as possible. Craft as many as you can,” Shi Feng instructed calmly.

“Magic Soul Potion, hmm? Alright…” Melancholic Smile nodded helplessly. Since Shi Feng had given the command, she could only manage Stone Forest Town to the best of her ability. Although she was somewhat opposed to Shi Feng’s decision, she, too, was a little miffed at Heaven’s Burial. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to use this opportunity to put the Guild in its place. This way, Zero Wing would secure its position as Star-Moon Kingdom’s overlord.

Following which, Melancholic Smile disconnected the call and organized her subordinates to see to the necessary preparations. She also posted Shi Feng’s declaration on the kingdom’s official forums.

The announcement flabbergasted the players that heatedly debated the two towns.

“This is crazy! Zero Wing has lost its mind!”

“Heaven’s Burial is merely provoking the Guild. Does Zero Wing need to take things this far?”

“All hail Zero Wing! This is what you get for provoking Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild for no reason! Heaven’s Burial’s upper echelons will cry with regret!”

“I agree. When Heaven’s Burial’s upper echelons see this message, they’ll regret their provocation. Of all the things they could do, they had to steal traffic from Stone Forest Town. Not only will they fail, but they might have spelled doom for their town.”

“This is going to be interesting. I wonder which of them will survive in the end?”

Shortly after Melancholic Smile created her post, it had been upvoted to the top of the forums. Ordinary players were more than happy to watch such an interesting development. After all, neither the Guild town’s private houses nor the Shops had anything to do with them.

The various adventurer teams and merchant players, however, had a different reaction to the news.

This was especially true for the various adventurer teams that had already garrisoned in Red Iron Town. When they saw the post, they turned deathly pale.

“Zero Wing is insane!”

“Why are they being so desperate?”

Although they had already set up in Red Iron Town, they still visited Stone Forest Town’s Battle Arena to train and improve their combat techniques. Moreover, if they obtained the championship in the Battle Arena’s tournament, they’d have the opportunity to learn a Secret Technique.

But Zero Wing’s announcement had destroyed their chances. After all, even large Guilds’ core members had a very low chance of learning a Secret Technique, much less adventurer teams’ independent players.

They would also lose the opportunity to purchase the items from the town’s wandering merchant NPCs…

The various adventurer teams that had garrisoned in Red Iron Town began to resent Heaven’s Burial. Of all the things the Guild could do, it had to play with fire and provoke Zero Wing. Now, their adventurer teams had been caught in the crossfire.

Five short minutes after Melancholic Smile announced Zero Wing’s intentions, over a dozen well-known adventurer teams in Red Iron Town declared their intent to withdraw. The merchant players who had considered purchasing Shops in the town had begun to hesitate as well.

Although Red Iron Town was prosperous, it was no match for Stone Forest Town. Most importantly, Stone Forest Town had the money-making machine, the Battle Arena. With the Battle Arena, the town attracted countless experts.

The top adventurer teams in Red Iron Town also began to panic.

“Zero Wing! Do you really think we need your Battle Arena to improve!?”

“Zero Wing thinks too highly of itself. Such tactics are only useful against well-known adventurer teams.”

Although the post had somewhat shaken the three top adventurer teams, they were still confident of their own strength. Even without the Battle Arena, they could find areas to train their combat standards.

Moreover, they were confident that with their assistance, Heaven’s Burial could nurture Red Iron Town to surpass Stone Forest Town.

…

Meanwhile, in the Mourning Battlefield, Aqua Rose, Alluring Smile, Blackie, and the other upper echelons had reached Level 50 while Shi Feng had conversed with Melancholic Smile.

“Wonderful! I’ve finally reached Level 50!” Blackie laughed when he saw the golden glow envelop his body. “I can finally challenge my Tier 2 Promotion Quest!”

The rest of these core members were also excited.

Currently, every expert’s goal was to obtain their Tier 2 class.

This was especially true for Aqua Rose and Zero Wing’s other upper echelons, as they knew Shi Feng had already completed his. They had also witnessed Shi Feng’s battle against Evil Fire, so they were fully aware of how powerful a Tier 2 class was. It was on a completely different level from a Tier 1 class.

“Since you’ve reached Level 50, you can go and challenge your Tier 2 Promotion Quests now.” When Shi Feng saw that Aqua Rose and some others had reached Level 50, he took a fist-sized stone tablet from his bag. It was none other than the Sea God’s Legacy, which Shi Feng had obtained in the Sea Dragon Secret Land. Smiling, he said, “I have a special Legacy. I’m sure you’re all aware of hidden classes’ flaws, so I won’t go into detail. Whoever wants to class-change into a hidden class can apply with me. There are a total of 10 slots available.”

“Ten slots?”

Shi Feng’s words rendered Aqua Rose and the others speechless.

Every player in God’s Domain sought to obtain a hidden class. God’s Domain’s various superpowers constantly tried to obtain high-rank Legacies. Unfortunately, even they had only gotten their hands on a few.

Yet, Shi Feng had ten Legacy slots…

Moreover, the instant Shi Feng had revealed the Sea God’s Legacy, it seemed as if the space around them had frozen. They felt the tablet radiate an intense pressure, so much so that they felt a bit sluggish. One could easily imagine how extraordinary the stone tablet was. The Legacy was definitely a high-rank.