Chapter 1367 - God'S Possession

Chapter 1367 – God’s Possession

Shi Feng’s breathing grew short as he looked at the pitch-black Treasure Chest, which was covered in a thick layer of dust, sitting inside the room.

An Ancient Treasure Chest!

This was something he had only heard about in rumors, but an Ancient Treasure Chest was a Treasure Chest handed down from the Ancient Gods. Although the Treasure Chest seemed to be made of black iron, in reality, it was made of Obsidian Crystal, one of the materials that were second to only the Seven Luminaries Crystal.

Every Ancient Treasure Chest was worth an unimaginable amount of money in God’s Domain because they contained the possession of Gods. Rumors had it that even the most inferior item one could obtain from an Ancient Treasure Chest could rival those from an Epic Treasure Chest, while better ones could rival even the items from Legendary Treasure Chests.

Meanwhile, the rarity of Ancient Treasure Chests was on par with Epic Treasure Chests. Shi Feng had only ever heard about them and never personally seen one before.

According to rumors, one could come across an Ancient Treasure Chest only in extremely dangerous ancient ruins.

He never imagined that he would actually find one in the Ancient Orc Empire.

So this is an Ancient Treasure Chest? It really is amazing!

When Shi Feng arrived before the Ancient Treasure Chest, he felt as if his entire body was about to be crushed.

As the Ancient Treasure Chest was an item personally created by a God—in addition to the divine runes carved by a God on the Treasure Chest—the closer Shi Feng approached the Ancient Treasure Chest, the stronger the Divine Might he experienced.

Now that he was standing right in front of the Ancient Treasure Chest, it felt as if the blood inside his body had turned to lead. Right now, his body was so sluggish that even a Lord ranked monster of the same level could kill him easily.

If a Tier 1 player were standing in his place right now, they would’ve already collapsed to the ground and become paralyzed.

However, this was also the reason why the Ancient Treasure Chest was not locked. The Divine Might the Treasure Chest exuded was the best protection.

The instant Shi Feng activated the Ancient Treasure Chest, the divine runes carved on it started glowing. Immediately, the Mana inside the secret room rampaged as the Treasure Chest sucked it in.

This phenomenon continued for several seconds before ceasing. By the time the Treasure Chest stopped absorbing the ambient Mana, the pressure it exuded had also grown significantly.

Only one item?

Shi Feng could not help falling speechless as he looked at the pitch-black ring floating inside the Treasure Chest.

The Ancient Treasure Chest’s size was equivalent to a large wardrobe, yet the space inside the Treasure Chest was only the size of a basketball.

However, Shi Feng did not pay heed to this contradiction for too long as he picked up the pitch-black ring and inspected it.

“Cannot be appraised?

“So this is an item left behind by a God?”

No matter how he tried to examine the ring, as if the ring was just a stone on the side of the road, it revealed no information whatsoever.

This was the first time Shi Feng had come across an item that could not be appraised in God’s Domain.

Even when he obtained the Destroyer of Immortality before, when he first tried appraising the item, he had at least managed to get a name from it, albeit an extremely vague one.

If not for the shabby ring in his hands being stored inside the Ancient Treasure Chest just a moment ago, he might’ve treated it as garbage and tossed it aside. After all, the pitch-black ring was simply too ordinary; there was nothing special about it whatsoever.

However, although he was unable to appraise it, he had no intention of giving up.

After waiting for ten minutes, he activated Omniscient Eyes and started appraising the ring once more.

What?! It still can’t be appraised?! Just what is this ring?!

Shi Feng could not help being surprised when he saw the system’s response.

Until now, Omniscient Eyes had never failed to appraise an item. Even someone as powerful as Sharlyn had praised the Omniscient Eyes before. Yet, now, Omniscient Eyes was actually ineffective on the pitch-black ring.

Meanwhile, there was only one possibility for Omniscient Eyes to give a response of “Cannot be appraised,” and that was because Omniscient Eyes’ appraisal rank was still insufficient. He required a stronger Appraisal Skill.

Shi Feng could only think of one Appraisal Skill that surpassed Omniscient Eyes—Eyes of Truth!

This was something he had learned from Sharlyn.

However, as to how he could obtain the Eyes of Truth, that, he did not know. He could only try asking Sharlyn about it later on. But before then, he couldn’t do anything about the pitch-black ring.

Following which, Shi Feng stored the ring and left the secret room.

Compared to identifying the pitch-black ring, completing his quest was more important right now.

There were many traps on the way to the underground treasury, and any trap could easily end a player’s life. Even a peak Assassin would lose their life here if they were not careful.

Hence, for Shi Feng, who was a Swordsman, reaching the treasury was even more difficult.

The only choice he had was to rely on Omniscient Eyes to avoid the traps. If he came across an unavoidable trap, then he would use Absolute Defense to tank it.

In the end, Shi Feng took several times longer to complete the journey, which originally should’ve taken only ten minutes or so.

As he neared the treasury, he suddenly received a message from Melancholic Smile.

The message was very simple.

Some time ago, many Evil Demons started appearing around White River City and Stone Forest Town. Meanwhile, the Evil Demons that appeared were all Lord rank and above. Moreover, these Evil Demons moved with great caution. As soon as they executed an attack in one location, they would immediately move elsewhere, giving the Zero Wing members dispatched no opportunity to surround them.

This situation suddenly depressed the number of players wishing to travel to Stone Forest Town significantly.

Although Stone Forest Town itself was safe from the invasion of monsters, ordinary players and adventurer teams that did not possess a private house in Stone Forest Town could only get to Stone Forest Town from the nearest NPC town via horse carriage.

Meanwhile, although horse carriages were fast, they did not possess any offensive capabilities. Hence, the only fate awaiting ordinary players assaulted by Evil Demons was death.

With the journey to Stone Forest Town so dangerous, many players would naturally give up on going to Stone Forest Town.

“So Heaven’s Burial is no longer even trying to hide that it’s colluding with the Evil God’s Temple?” Shi Feng’s complexion darkened. This situation left him with no choice but to complete his quest quickly and return.

Even ordinary experts would be no match for Lord ranked Evil Demons. Only experts on Aqua Rose’s level had a chance against such monsters. However, Aqua Rose and the others were currently challenging their class-change quests and Promotion Quests, so there were no powerful experts stationed in Stone Forest Town right now. Hence, the only way to deal with the Evil Demons was to surround and kill them in groups.

However, the Evil Demons would flee as soon as they launched an assault, giving no opportunities for Zero Wing’s members to do anything.

Now, only he could do something about this situation. As soon as an Evil Demon appeared, if he was notified of the coordinates of the assaulted players, he could go to the scene immediately using the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Space Movement.

However, he had just managed to enter the Orc Palace after going through so much trouble. If he returned before completing his quest, it would be much more difficult to get into the palace again on his next attempt.

Following which, Shi Feng sent Melancholic Smile a message, telling her to have Zero Wing’s members form patrol squads and patrol the routes leading to Stone Forest Town for the time being. Although doing so required a lot of manpower, they would be able to suppress the Evil Demons to a certain extent and prevent them from casually attacking the merchant routes.

…

Time passed quickly. After spending another two hours or so traveling inside the palace, Shi Feng finally arrived at the hall before the palace’s treasury.

Inside the spacious hall, which was strengthened by divine runes and magic arrays, an armored Orc with its eyes shut sat quietly before the treasury’s doors. From afar, the Orc looked just like a statue.

I was wondering why no Orcs came searching for me at the Underground Treasury after such a long time had passed. So there was still such a guard here.

Shi Feng could not help but frown as he looked at the armored Orc while hiding in a dark corner of the corridor.

Although the Orc guarding the treasury was not very large—it could even be described as thin and old—any player that crossed it at this stage of the game would definitely die.

The reason for this was this Orc being none other than the chieftain of a tribe.

–

[Orc Chieftain] (Humanoid Creature, Mythic)

Level 85

HP 320,000,000/320,000,000

–

Against this monster, even a 100-man elite team of Level 85, Tier 2 players would be annihilated. Shi Feng knew this because he had led a team to raid an Orc Chieftain before, except that he had already been promoted into a Tier 3 Sword King back then.

In terms of strength, the Orc Chieftain was much more powerful than the three Mythic ranked Orcs that had charged out of the city. Moreover, its intellect could rival even that of an NPC; it was like a sage among Orcs. Even a 1,000-man elite team of the same level would wipe unless they had a tool that could target the Orc Chieftain’s weakness.

Just as Shi Feng was thinking about how to get past the Orc Chieftain, he suddenly heard footsteps coming from behind him. Moreover, the sound was also growing louder.