Chapter 1365 - Extravagant Assault

Chapter 1365 – Extravagant Assault

“Who’s up to the challenge?” Shi Feng asked as he looked at Aqua Rose and the others.

Although he had held onto the Sea God’s Legacy for a while, he had kept it hidden in his bag due to its Level-50 requirement.

Now that Aqua Rose and the others had reached Level 50, this was a good opportunity for them to take the challenge and obtain the Legacy.

Other players would likely need to improve their equipment after reaching Level 50, but Aqua Rose and the other upper echelons already wore complete Tier 1 Set Equipment. Moreover, Aqua Rose and the others had consumed the Moonlight Fruit, their physiques improving considerably. At their current standards, improving their combat power would take a lot of time and effort.

Hence, this was the best time for them to attempt the class-change.

If one of them obtained the Sea God’s Legacy, Zero Wing would have another peak expert. During naval combat, the Sea God’s Legacy player’s performance would be even more impressive.

“Guild Leader, what rank is the Legacy?” Aqua Rose asked curiously.

“Among the ten Legacy slots, nine are for the Sea God’s Guard Legacy. At its weakest, its an Advanced Legacy. The last slot is the Sea God’s Legacy. It’s the strongest, even superior to Peak Legacies. Whether or not you obtain these Legacies depends on your strength,” Shi Feng explained.

“Even superior to Peak Legacies?” Everyone gasped, their eyes shining as they gazed at the Legacy tablet.

Even Advanced Legacies were beyond most players’ reach, yet among Shi Feng’s ten Legacy slots, the weakest was Advanced rank, and the strongest was superior to a Peak Legacy. If news of this went public, it would cause a huge commotion throughout God’s Domain. It might even tempt superpowers to move against Zero Wing.

Thoughts of obtaining these Legacies flooded these players’ minds.

As for Alluring Summer and Cola, they glanced at each other and smiled bitterly. If not for the Dragon Soul Potion, they, too, could’ve tried for the Sea God’s Legacy.

Since Violet Cloud already had the Astromancer hidden class, she didn’t mind missing the opportunity to obtain the Sea God’s Legacy.

Following which, Shi Feng sent Aqua Rose and the others, who were up to the challenge, into the Legacy space. As for Violet Cloud, Alluring Summer, and Cola, Shi Feng gave them the Magic Soul Potion Recipe and sent them back to White River City for their Promotion and Class-change Quests, respectively.

Once Aqua Rose and the others completed their class-change, Shi Feng intended to claim the Manatite Mine in the Sea of Death, solving Zero Wing’s Magic Crystal problem. The crystals from the Stoneclaw Mountains, the Battle Arena, and Team Dungeons simply weren’t enough for the Guild’s expenditures.

He also had the Ring of Gospel, which he needed to give a frightening number of Magic Crystals each week.

Shi Feng had considered securing the Manatite Mine earlier, but the island it was on was too dangerous. Current players simply couldn’t contend with the monsters there. Hence, he had put the matter on hold.

However, if Aqua Rose and the others obtained the Sea God’s Legacies, they could claim the mine. Only the various superpowers had qualified to hold the Manatite Mine in the past. If Zero Wing had their own, it would boost the Guild’s development by leaps and bounds.

Quickly, Shi Feng suppressed the excitement in his heart.

Completing the Ancient Orc Empire quest was his current priority. It was the reason he had led this legion to the Mourning Battlefield.

Following which, Shi Feng led Zero Wing’s members and cleared out the Orc armies in their path, slowly advancing towards the Ancient Orc Empire’s capital.

Once in the Mourning Battlefield’s inner region, the legion encountered far more, stronger Orcs. On average, these Orcs were above Level 80. If not for the Miniature Ballistas, they wouldn’t have been able to continue.

After another three hours or so grinding, Shi Feng and the others finally reached the ancient city’s ruins.

As the capital of an empire that had once shaken the God’s Domain continent, one could still feel the city’s might even after the corrosion of time.

The city walls alone were 50 meters tall, and the main gates depicted over a dozen, massive, divine figures. Numerous high-rank buildings filled the city. Among them, the most awe-inspiring was the Ancient Orc Empire’s palace. It loomed like a massive mountain, and one could easily overlook the entire capital from the top of the palace.

Despite having fallen to ruin, the capital’s mana was far denser than elsewhere. Even from outside, Zero Wing’s players could feel it.

However, compared to those factors, the number of Orcs inside the city was shocking; the legion was stupefied.

The ancient city should’ve been lost to history, yet Zero Wing’s members felt as if they had just walked into a current Orc city. Orcs constantly passed through the city’s main gates, and those that entered the city seemed like well-trained soldiers. Their auras and levels were far superior to the Orcs the legion had encountered on the way here.

Even the lowest-leveled Orc was Level 80. Chieftain ranked Orcs were everywhere as well. From time to time, these players also spotted Level 85 Grand Lords leading squads as they patrolled the walls. Their eyes shone with wisdom.

“Guild Leader, you don’t intend to attack this city, right?” Zero Wing’s members gulped as they stared at the ancient city before them.

They were the elite among Zero Wing’s elites, and even the weakest among them could reach the Trial Tower’s fifth floor. They were quite confident in capturing a Dark Town with 50 Miniature Ballistas, but as they stared at the scene before them, they couldn’t help but panic.

They could already see tens of thousands of Orcs, including at least twenty Level 85 Grand Lords and more than 200 Great Lords. There was doubt that more Orcs lay beyond the city walls. This wasn’t a place for current players.

Moreover, Orcs weren’t like Wild Beasts. These monsters possessed a certain degree of intellect. If they attacked even one of these Orcs, they might aggro every Orc in sight.

Even with two Level 64, Tier 3 Demons on their side, they had little hope against these powerful Orcs.

Why are so many monsters here?

Shi Feng, who stood at the foot of a mountain, was similarly stunned as he stared at the imperial capital before him.

Is this because of the quest?

When he had come here in the past, only a few Orc tribes had lived in the area. Now, however, the ancient city had a large Orc Population.

But after giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng found the situation reasonable.

After all, this was an SSS-rank commission. The system wouldn’t make it easy to obtain the Disintegration Axe. Otherwise, Star-Moon Kingdom wouldn’t have failed all three of the freebie SSS-rank commissions.

“We won’t be able to force our way through the front gates. We’ll have to lure the Orcs out.” Glancing around the ancient city, Shi Feng discarded his plan of a direct assault.

Unless he had a team of 3,000 Level 80 elite players and a large stock war weapons, clearing out the Orcs on the city walls would be impossible.

With their current combatants, they had no chance of defeating these Orcs.

However, after going through great lengths to reach the city, Shi Feng refused to give up without a fight.

“Lure the Orcs?” When everyone heard of Shi Feng’s crazy plan, they wondered if they had misheard him.

Whether or not they could lure these Orcs without dying, how were they supposed to enter the city if they succeeded?

However, Shi Feng didn’t offer an explanation as he began to distribute tasks.

The imperial capital had four entrances, all of which were heavily guarded. Forcing their way in would be suicidal. Even the Tier 3 Demons would die instantly in a head-on charge. After all, the level gap was too massive. There were also so many high-tiered monsters defending the entrances.

If they wanted to lure these Orcs out of the city, they had to use the Miniature Ballistas.

The Miniature Ballistas had a maximum range of 3,000 yards. Even Level 85 Grand Lords would need some time to cross such a distance.

Shi Feng would have Zero Wing’s members use the Miniature Ballistas to lure the Orcs from all four entrances. However, they wouldn’t target the Orcs on the walls, but the Orcs inside the city.

Fortunately, he had the Seven Luminaries Ring. As long as he input the correct coordinates, he could use Space Movement to infiltrate the imperial capital. He would never use such a strategy to enter a normal capital, but the Ancient Orc Empire’s main city had long since fallen into ruin. It was no longer protected by magic arrays. Aside from the Orc Palace, which was strengthened by divine runes that would prevent him from teleporting into the building, he could teleport anywhere within the city.

The Orcs inside the city were the only problem. Even if he were familiar with the terrain, he would undoubtedly die if he teleported into a group of Orcs. He needed them to leave the city first. Only then would he have an opportunity to infiltrate the Orc Palace.

Following which, Shi Feng selected 16 Miniature Ballistas with the least amount of Durability remaining, stationing them near the four entrances. He then gave the players manning the Miniature Ballistas Tier 1 Instantaneous Movement Scrolls. This way, these players could leave the battlefield as soon as the Orcs left the city. They could then find a safe location and use a Return Scroll to leave the Mourning Battlefield. He had the rest of his legion take the remaining Miniature Ballistas back to Stone Forest Town and rest.

Although this plan would sacrifice 16 Miniature Ballistas, it would be a worthwhile trade if he successfully entered the Orc Palace.

When Zero Wing’s members heard Shi Feng’s crazy plan, they thought it was extravagant. Shi Feng wanted to trade 16 Miniature Ballistas for a single opportunity.

Throughout God’s Domain, Shi Feng was likely the only player mad enough to do something like this. The other superpowers’ Guild Leaders would never make such a gamble.

…

Time passed quickly. Under Shi Feng’s command, the sixteen Miniature Ballistas moved into position.

“Guild Leader, our side is ready.”

“Alright! Begin!”

Once everyone was prepared, Shi Feng adjusted his position and gave the command.

Immediately, the sixteen Miniature Ballistas launched Exploding Arrows at the ancient capital’s walls.

The Exploding arrows passed through the walls easily. Before the Orcs on the walls could even react, the Exploding Arrows exploded inside the city.

Boom… Boom… Boom!

A series of explosions shook the air. Deafening roars then echoed from beyond the city walls.

What?! Mythic monsters are inside the city?!

Shi Feng inwardly rejoiced when he saw three figures appear above the city and charge towards the Miniature Ballistas.

Had he snuck into the city recklessly, he would’ve lost his life.

Shortly after these Mythic ranked Orcs left the city, the Orcs inside the capital went into a frenzy, too, surged out of the city.

There’s my chance!

Seeing the Orcs pour out of the city and the three Mythic Orcs more than 200 yards away from its walls, Shi Feng activated Space Movement and leaped into the spatial tear that formed before him. After vanishing from the foot of the mountain, he appeared before the Orc’s Palace’s main entrance.