Chapter 1363 - Dispute Between Towns

Chapter 1363 – Dispute Between Towns

Now that they had eliminated the Orc Captains on the ramparts, dealing with the Orc Sentinels had become much easier. They didn’t even need a full volley of Exploding Arrows to kill a Sentinel.

The team on had to watch from afar. Only the healers were a little worn out as they had focused on healing the Purgatory Demon from time to time. With the Miniature Ballistas firing one volley after another, it took less than half an hour to clear out the Orcs on the wall.

Although the Orc Sentinels hadn’t given as much EXP as the Captains, everyone’s experience bars rose by a sizeable chunk. Their leveling speed was dozens of times faster than normal.

“This leveling speed is amazing!”

“At this rate, we’ll level up again in a few more hours.”

…

Zero Wing’s members were ecstatic. They hadn’t experienced such astounding leveling speed since obtaining their Tier 1 classes.

Only, sustaining this leveling speed required a large number of Exploding Arrows.

Of course, EXP wasn’t the only thing the Zero Wing legion had obtained. There was also the items scattered above the ramparts.

Following which, Shi Feng jumped onto the wall to collect the loot while the rest of his Guild members pushed the Miniature Ballistas forward.

The benefits of pioneering a new map are wonderful. The drop-rate is much higher than usual.

Shi Feng was inwardly astonished as he picked up the loot.

After reaching Level 50, monsters’ drop-rate in God’s Domain would decrease drastically. A Level 50-plus Chieftain might not drop as much as Elite monsters right now. However, contrary to expectations, the loot dropped by the Orcs was considerably good.

Over 8 Gold had dropped in Coins alone. There were also 20-plus Level 70 Common Weapons and pieces of Equipment, which could be dismantled for raw materials. Three Level 70 Bronze Weapons and pieces of equipment and various ordinary materials had dropped as well.

All of those items were only the Level 75 Orc Sentinels’ loot. The Orc Captains’ loot was far more impressive.

In total, the Orc Captains had dropped over ten Level 70 Mysterious-Iron Weapons and pieces of Equipment. If sold, each piece of equipment could easily fetch 5 Gold or more, while the weapons could go for at least 10 Gold; they were far more valuable than Mysterious-Iron Weapons and Equipment below Level 50. The Orc Captains also dropped two pieces of Level 70 Secret-Silver Equipment: a pair of mage boots and a pair of plate gloves. Each of these items could easily fetch over 100 Gold. The Orc Captains had also dropped high-ranking potions and Tier 2 Magic Scrolls.

Overall, the loot’s value, more or less, made up for the Exploding Arrows’ cost.

Hm?! An Advanced Recipe Fragment?!

As Shi Feng organized the Orc Captains’ loot, he noticed half of a tattered a piece of paper. When he clicked to check its description, he could not help his elation.

Magic Soul Potion Recipe Fragment!

In God’s Domain, Advanced rank recipes and designs weren’t easy to purchase. Moreover, most Advanced Recipes and Designs dropped as fragments. Players rarely found complete recipes and designs.

On the market, Advanced Recipes and Designs generally sold for a minimum of 500 Gold, though this was only in the case of ordinary recipes and designs. Players couldn’t even buy valuable ones with Coins, and people generally wanted items of equal value.

Shi Feng had never expected to obtain the Magic Soul Potion Recipe, which was an extremely rare drop in the Mourning Battlefield.

The Magic Soul Potion was a rare potion. It was an Advanced Potion that increased the user’s Basic Attributes by 10% and Magic Resistance by 100% for one hour. Unlike the potions that gave a fixed amount of Magic Resistance, the Magic Soul Potion would never become outdated. Even after players had reached Level 200, the potion had been incredibly popular in the past.

Hence, many large Guilds had often grinded in the Mourning Battlefield. Unfortunately, the recipe’s drop-rate was abysmal. In the end, very few Guilds had obtained the complete recipe.

Could this be a benefit of pioneering the map?

Shi Feng wondered.

If he could obtain a complete Magic Soul Potion Recipe, it would be a great help to Guild members when raiding large-scale Team Dungeons.

Moreover, they wouldn’t need to prepare as much to raid the Frost King with the Magic Soul Potion. They could start raiding the Boss once the team’s Basic Attributes met the requirements.

“Guild Leader, has something good dropped?” Aqua Rose asked when she saw Shi Feng’s smile.

“It’s certainly not bad.” Shi Feng then shared the loot information in the team chat.

When the legion members saw the list, they couldn’t help but gasp.

“We killed all those Great Lords and Chieftains, yet we got so few items in return?”

“Guild Leader, why don’t we go somewhere else? We’ll only lose money if we stay here.”

Blackie and the others suggested.

If they continued at this rate, although their levels might increase very quickly, the Guild would suffer for it.

“While it is true that we’re not compensating for our losses, if we can gather four more Magic Soul Potion Recipe Fragments, we’ll earn back everything we’ve lost and more,” Shi Feng said, chuckling nonchalantly. He proceeded to lead everyone deeper into the Mourning Battlefield.

In reality, their losses hadn’t been that great. After all, he also had the Soul Orb, which allowed him to absorb souls from Great Lord rank monsters and above. He could turn every 30 souls he absorbed into a Soul Crystal. He had obtained one from their first slaughter, lessening their losses considerably.

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, the legion regained its motivation as they silently swore to complete the Magic Soul Potion Recipe.

As the team ventured farther into the Mourning Battlefield, they encountered far more Orcs. Their strength continued to increase as well. Unlike the first Orc army, which had only consisted of Great Lords and Chieftains, the following armies included Lords and High Lords as well.

Fortunately, Shi Feng could summon an additional Tier 3 Demon after three hours. This time, he had called forth a magical class Demon.

With one melee and one magical class Demon, the demons could barely weather the Orc armies’ attacks, buying Zero Wing’s members enough time to kill the high-tiered Bosses.

After grinding for nearly nine hours, Shi Feng and the others finally left the Mourning Battlefield’s outer region, reaching the inner area. Throughout their expedition, the previously Level 42 and 43 players had gained one or more levels. Now, most of the legion’s members were Level 45. If they chose, they could monopolize all top 100 spots on Star-Moon Kingdom’s Ranking List.

Aqua Rose and the others who were Level 49 hadn’t gained any additional levels due to the massive amount of EXP they needed to cross the hurdle. Even so, they were not too far from Level 50, either. As for the Magic Soul Potion’s recipe fragments, due to Shi Feng’s continuous use of Divine Providence, the team had gathered four fragments by the time they reached the inner region.

While the legion explored the Mourning Battlefield, Stone Forest Town’s repairs had almost completed. The Battle Arena had resumed its normal operation, and more players than ever before had gathered in the town. The town’s player population had already passed the 1,000,000 threshold. Among these players, many were merchant players and adventurer teams originating from other kingdoms and empires.

All of these players had come to attend the Candlelight Auction tomorrow, which would include Zero Wing’s private houses and Shops as the main attractions.

Overall, Stone Forest Town’s prospects were impressive. In fact, Phoenix Rain, Zero Wing’s collaborator, had reaped a massive profit from the situation. Currently, all the virtual products[1] in her virtual store sold like hotcakes. Among the products, the most popular were the furniture and fashion coats made from wood and cloth in God’s Domain.

Meanwhile, Red Iron Town had also attracted a lot of attention in Star-Moon Kingdom.

Red Iron Town was home to the first player-operated Auction House in Star-Moon Kingdom. The town’s Popularity among NPCs had risen considerably due to its Auction House, so much so that Red Iron Town had been promoted to Intermediate rank.

Now, Heaven’s Burial even surpassed the Star Alliance.

Moreover, Heaven’s Burial had recently announced that it would hold an auction for Red Iron Town’s private houses and Shops at the same time as the Candlelight Auction.

Almost everyone on Star-Moon Kingdom’s official forums discussed the situation. Which town would they decide to develop in?

After all, both towns had advantages. With Red Iron Town’s rise to glory, many players who had been interested in Stone Forest Town’s houses and Shops began to hesitate.

At this time, Melancholic Smile contacted Shi Feng and asked, “Guild Leader, should we hold the auction earlier than planned? If we hold it at the same time as Heaven’s Burial, it’ll be difficult to encourage high bids.”

Interesting. So, they’ve already started working with Beast Emperor?

When Shi Feng saw Red Iron Town’s Auction House, he instantly understood what was happening. After all, the Auction House Design wasn’t easy to obtain. Shi Feng could not help but laugh at the situation as he said, “Fine. Since they want a competition, let’s give it to them.”