Chapter 1376 - The Seven Luminaries Ring'S Power

Chapter 1376: The Seven Luminaries Ring’s Power

Translator: Exodus Tales  Editor: Exodus Tales

Chapter 1376 – The Seven Luminaries Ring’s Power

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

When the Great Lord ranked Evil Demon’s body hit the ground, the battlefield fell silent.

“How is that possible!?” Graceful Moon wore an incredulous look as she stared at the Evil Demon sprawled in the dirt. Turning her gaze towards Shi Feng, she muttered, “Just what did he do?”

Without using any special tricks or magic arrays, contending with a Level 70 Great Lord was impossible for current players. Even if Remnant Cloud, Firecloud Fox’s commander, activated his Berserk Skill and Lifesaving Skill, he’d be lucky to survive even a moment against such an advisory, much less throw such a monster over a dozen yards.

Graceful Moon wasn’t the only one shocked. Every player that had witnessed the scene was stupefied.

“That can’t be a player, right?”

“What is going on?”

“No, that’s not right. There’s a green marker above his head. He must be a player.”

“Who is that?!”

…

Everyone’s gaze fixed on Shi Feng. For a moment, they tried to guess the man’s identity, both curious and surprised.

“Fellow friend, hurry and leave this place. There are too many monsters here,” Remnant Cloud advised as he turned to Shi Feng, who stood behind him. Although he hadn’t seen how the Even Demon had been thrown, not one of the experts he was familiar with were capable of sending a Level 70 Great Lord flying.

With such strength, Shi Feng could definitely shatter the Evil Demons’ encirclement.

“You want to leave?” Ghost Shadow, still hiding in the forest, sneered as he asked, “Do you think you can?”

Although Shi Feng’s counterattack had surprised him, that was all. Since Shi Feng had already joined the battle, he shouldn’t cling to any hope of leaving alive.

After all, Shi Feng had only used some special method to knock back the Great Lord; the Swordsman was not truly capable of defeating one. Moreover, more than ten Great Lords participated in this operation. If one was not enough, he simply needed to send two more at the newcomer.

As Remnant Cloud was about to warn Shi Feng of this, one of the nearby Great Lords and five Lord ranked Evil Demons dashed towards the Swordsman, dark fog wrapping around their claws as they swiped at Shi Feng. To make matters worse, the Evil Demons coordination was only slightly inferior to expert players.

Seeing this, Remnant Cloud frowned.

Even as a Shield Warrior, he could only stand against three Evil Demons at once. No Swordsman could block six Evil Demons simultaneously without activating a Lifesaving Skill.

However, just as the six Evil Demons were about to land their attacks, a galaxy of stars appeared around Shi Feng, radiating a brilliant blue glow.

Compared to Shi Feng’s previous executions, his current Sword’s Orbit was more complete and beautiful.

Peng… Peng… Peng…

When the blue glow illuminated the area, the six Evil Demons were instantly sent flying by over 20 yards. They hadn’t even managed to reach the edge of Shi Feng’s cloak, much less deal any damage. Meanwhile, each of the six Evil Demons had instantly lost over 20,000 HP, with some losing nearly 50,000 HP due to a critical hit. As Evil Demons had much less HP than ordinary monsters, their HP bars had decreased significantly.

“This…” Remnant Cloud was dumbfounded.

Shi Feng’s previous feat of throwing a Great Lord could have been brushed off as a powerful Skill. Now, however, Shi Feng had launched six Evil Demons with a single move. Even an experienced expert like Remnant Cloud could not help his surprise.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng, who remained in his original position, glanced down at the Abyssal Blade, astonished.

After upgrading the Abyssal Blade, the Magic Weapon had gained the Passive Skill Abyssal Will, which improved his physique depending on the surrounding Mana density. Due to the Seven Luminaries Ring, the Mana density around him had increased considerably, which, in turn, improved his physique further.

If not for the combination of these factors, he would not have executed such a perfect Sword’s Orbit.

I wonder how this move will fare? Shi Feng suddenly vanished.

Void Steps!

“He disappeared?”

“Where did he go?”

“Did he leave?”

“That’s not right. He was using two one-handed swords. He should either be a Berserker or a Swordsman. How could he possibly be an Assassin?”

“Was he a ghost?”

Before everyone could recover from their shock, Shi Feng’s sudden disappearance surprised them once more.

“Impossible! I’ve already sealed the area! Players can only enter, not leave!” Ghost Shadow’s eyes widened in surprise. Quickly, he turned to look around the battlefield, trying to locate the Swordsman. But no matter how he searched, he couldn’t find the player.

As players began to wonder if they had hallucinated, a figure appeared behind the three Evil Demons that Remnant Cloud faced. Fresh blood fountained from the three Evil Demons’ bodies as they curled like shrimp and flew over 20 yards away.

“So fast!” By the time Remnant Cloud realized what had happened, the three Evil Demons before him had disappeared. When he tried to get a good look at his savior, he realized that the figure before him was only an afterimage.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng reappeared over a dozen yards away. Once again, four Evil Demons were struck and sent flying.

In such a way, Shi Feng’s figure vanished and reappeared all over the battlefield. Each time he appeared, his attacks sent several Evil Demons through the air. He seemed like a deadly ghost on the battlefield.

“Commander, just who…is that?” Graceful Moon could not help but ask as she watched Shi Feng’s afterimages flood the road.

She had encountered and fought many experts in the Black Dragon Empire. She had even sparred with the empire’s top ten experts. Although she hadn’t been a match for those players, she could estimate how much of a difference separated them. However, as she watched Shi Feng, she couldn’t fathom how vast the gap was between this man and herself. She felt as if she were staring into a bottomless abyss.

“I don’t know, either.” Remnant Cloud smiled bitterly.

Once Shi Feng had thrown over 300 Evil Demons, he stopped 50 yards away from the battlefield. He seemed like he had just casually strolled through the area, coming and going with ease.

My physique should’ve improved by nearly 10%. Shi Feng rejoiced as he glanced at his Abyssal Blade.

Although the burden of using Void Steps so many times consecutively was great, it wasn’t intolerable due to his high Attributes and physique. Moreover, executing Void Steps was now easier than ever before thanks to the high Mana density encasing his body.

His current location’s average density was the only limiting factor. If he fought in a high Mana density environment, the effects would be unimaginable.

After a short pause, the 300-plus Evil Demons that he sent flying charged at him like maniacs. The weakest among these Evil Demons was a Chieftain, and the charge included eight Great Lords.

He’s insane! He aggroed so many Evil Demons! Remnant Cloud’s eyes twitched as he watched the Evil Demons stampede towards Shi Feng. He could not fathom what Shi Feng intended to accomplish by luring so many monsters.

When the Evil Demons were within 30 yards, Shi Feng smiled faintly as he thrust the Abyssal Blade into the ground.

Abyssal Curse!

A pitch-black light pillar emerged from within the Evil Demon group, extending into the sky. The pillar then expanded to a radius of 30 yards, preventing all Evil Demons within range from moving. Even the Great Lord ranked Evil Demons felt as if they had just stepped in mud. No matter how hard they struggled, they couldn’t break free. Moreover, their Attributes were rapidly reducing.

Following which, a frightening amount of Mana gathered around one of Shi Feng’s hands, a crimson magic array forming above his palm. He then directed the magic array at the army before him.

Flame Domain!

A twofold, crimson magic array formed in the center of the Evil Demon army, crimson shockwaves radiating from the center.

Before everyone could figure out what was happening, a towering pillar of fire rose up from the ground, forming a mountain of flame as it enveloped every Evil Demon that had charged at the Swordsman. The scorching fire ripped pained screams from the Evil Demons’ throats as their HP plummeted.

Initially, the Evil Demons had lost around 350,000 HP. In the next second, they lost over 400,000 HP. Then, they lost another 500,000 HP. By the time the flames scattered, the Lord ranked Evil Demons had less than half their HPs remaining. The Chieftains had been utterly annihilated. The fire’s horrific damage had stupefied the witnesses.

However, before these players could recover their senses, Shi Feng followed up Flame Domain with Lightning Blade, dealing another a heavy blow.

Following which, he took out two Tier 3, large-scale destruction Magic Scrolls and used them consecutively against the remaining Evil Demons. In the end, all 300-plus Evil Demons turned to dust.

Suddenly, a golden glow flashed on Shi Feng’s body as he rose from Level 55 to Level 56.