Chapter 1373 - Ring Of Legends Promoted

Chapter 1373 – Ring of Legends Promoted

“The Disintegration Axe or the wooden box?”

Shi Feng’s gaze traveled between the Disintegration Axe in his hand and the wooden box Renee held.

Currently, he was both confused and elated. He was also slightly hesitant.

He hadn’t expected the commission’s reward to be the Disintegration Axe itself. He had to admit that the reward for an SSS-rank commission was truly frightening.

There was no doubting the Disintegration Axe’s power. Although he couldn’t see the weapon’s information, based on the power he felt from holding it, he could tell that if the weapon were repaired and given to a Berserker, said Berserker would become a God of Destruction.

Meanwhile, the wooden box in Renee’s hands had been decorated with ancient, divine runes. It even radiated a faint trace of Divine Might. It was obvious that the wooden box’s origin was not ordinary. Otherwise, the Adventurer’s Association wouldn’t offer it as a replacement reward.

“Lady Renee, may I know the contents of this wooden box?” Shi Feng asked.

“Of course,” Renee answered, giggling. “Although I cannot let you open the box, I can tell you that the item inside is called the Sacred Stone. It’s not that I don’t wish to show you the item, but the Sacred Stone is somewhat special. Once the wooden box has been opened, the Sacred Stone will vanish if it’s not used within three hours.

“The Sacred Stone has a variety of uses. I would say that it’s greatest purpose is reinforcing a weapon or piece of equipment. However, as we only have one stone, the highest-rank it can upgrade an item to is Fragmented Legendary rank. Moreover, the item’s base materials must be of sufficiently high quality. Otherwise, the upgrade will fail. If you wish to reinforce the item further, you’ll need to collect more Sacred Stones. Unfortunately, Sacred Stones were even difficult to come by in ancient times, much less now.

“You don’t have to choose immediately. When you’ve made your decision, you may come to me to retrieve your reward.”

Hearing Renee’s explanation, Shi Feng stared at the wooden box in shock. He had never imagined that the Adventurer’s Association would be so generous as to offer such a treasure.

Shi Feng had heard about the Sacred Stone in the past. Indeed, as Renee had explained, it was an extremely valuable item. It was even rarer than your average Fragmented Legendary item.

God’s Domain had extremely few Fragmented Legendary items. As a result, obtaining just one was excruciatingly difficult, not to mention finding an item that was suitable for oneself.

Meanwhile, the Sacred Stone could upgrade a suitable item to Fragmented Legendary rank.

It was common knowledge in God’s Domain that the more compatible one was with a weapon or piece of equipment, the more benefits one would gain from said item. Hence, rather than using a weapon or piece of equipment with powerful Attributes, expert players preferred to use items that they were compatible with. This was also why after reaching the later stages of the game, many experts would turn down weapons and equipment from Dungeons, searching for customized items instead.

In the past, one Sacred Stone had been worth two Fragmented Legendary items.

As Renee had said, he only had this opportunity because he was the first player in Star-Moon Kingdom to complete an SSS-rank commission quest.

“Lady Renee, I’ve made my decision. I will choose the Sacred Stone,” Shi Feng said without hesitation.

Although the Disintegration Axe was quite powerful, the weapon would be limited to Fragmented Legendary rank after its recasting. Repairing it fully would likely be even more challenging than repairing the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath. Who knew how long it would take to repair the weapon?

Moreover, Rampant Blade, Shadow Sword, and Gentle Snow, Zero Wing’s top three Berserkers, didn’t use war axes. They wouldn’t be able to utilize the weapon to its fullest potential.

Since that was the case, he might as well select the more valuable Sacred Stone.

–

System: Congratulations! You have completed the SSS-rank commission quest Ancient Orc Empire. Rewarding one Sacred Stone, Adventurer’s Association Reputation +1,000, Star-Moon Kingdom Reputation +1,000, Humanity Reputation +100, Legacy Skill Points +15, and Free Attribute Points +60.

–

When the sound of the system notification reached his ears, a golden glow wrapped around Shi Feng’s body as he leveled from Level 54 to 79% of Level 55. The quest awarded an abundant amount of EXP. If not for the nature of Shi Feng’s hidden class, he would’ve reached Level 56 with the awarded EXP.

The rewards are astounding. I actually got 15 Legacy Skill Points.

The quest’s rewards astonished Shi Feng.

At his level, 60 Free Attribute Points was nothing.

At Tier 1, players would gain 8 Free Attribute Points with each level up. At Tier 2, that number increased to 20. In other words, the 60 points were on par with three levels for a normal player.

However, the Legacy Skill Points were a different story. Players only gained one point for every three levels, yet he had just earned 15 points.

Following which, Shi Feng allocated his Free Attribute Points to Strength and Agility, increasing each by a considerable amount. For Tier 1 players, this many Attribute Points was the equivalent to an additional piece of Level 35 Mysterious-Iron Equipment…

Shi Feng had to admit that this was the frightening part about Tier 2 classes. Tier 1 classes simply couldn’t compare. The sooner players completed their Tier 2 promotion, the more benefits they could gain. If they only completed their promotion quest after Level 60, they would have 120 Free Attribute Points less than players who completed their promotion at Level 50. Unless they intentionally died and returned to Level 50, recovering those points was impossible.

Shi Feng didn’t take the time to learn a new Tier 2 Legacy Skill after he finished allocating his Free Attribute Points. Fifteen points simply weren’t enough to purchase a useful Skill. He intended to save them, instead. He then fetched the Sacred Stone from his bag.

Shi Feng already knew how he would use the Sacred Stone; he would upgrade the Seven Luminaries Ring!

The Seven Luminaries Ring was, by far, the best Epic item he had ever seen. Not even the Sacred Sword Killing Ray could compare. Unfortunately, the Seven Luminaries Ring was a Replica. It couldn’t be repaired as he had with the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath. The Sacred Stone was his only hope of upgrading the item.

The Seven Luminaries Ring was a perfect choice.

The Seven Luminaries Ring Replica’s creator had attempted to craft a Fragmented Legendary ring, so one could imagine the quality of the materials used in its production. Unfortunately, the ring had been Epic rank. In fact, he should be able to upgrade the ring to Legendary rank with enough Sacred Stones.

However, Shi Feng only played with the thought of upgrading the Seven Luminaries Ring to Legendary rank.

Quite a few God-rank players had attempted to upgrade their weapons and equipment to Legendary rank with Sacred stones, but even after ten years, not one of these players had succeeded.

The reason for their failure was simple. Upgrading an item to Legendary rank required far too many Sacred Stones. Even God-ranked experts with Super Guilds’ support hadn’t been able to gather enough. As for exactly how many Sacred Stones were required, no one knew. However, there was a rumor that one God-ranked expert had failed to upgrade their item to Legendary rank even after investing over a dozen Sacred Stones…

Let’s see how much potential you have!

Shi Feng then opened the wooden box and picked up the white, palm-sized Sacred Stone. He then chose to use it on the Seven Luminaries Ring.

Suddenly, the Sacred Stone radiated an incomparably intense power. Golden energy streamed from the stone, flowing into the Seven Luminaries Ring in Shi Feng’s other palm.

A moment later, the Sacred Stone turned to dust while the Seven Luminaries Ring underwent an earth-shattering transformation. Seven different streams of light flowed out of the ring, giving it a mesmerizing look. Moreover, the ring now emitted a faint trace of pressure. It was hard to imagine that this item was only a ring, not a weapon.

So strong!

When Shi Feng called up and read the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Attribute Panel, he could not help but gasp.