Chapter 1378 - Kill

Chapter 1378 – Kill

“Black Flame?”

When the other Ghost Shadow Legion members heard their leader’s realization, they could not help but shift their gazes on to the distant Shi Feng, their mouths falling wide open as a chill crawled down their backs.

Black Flame’s fame had long since spread throughout the kingdom. Many players even treated his battle records like classics. He was Star-Moon Kingdom’s undisputed number one expert!

However, Black Flame’s tracks were always a mystery. Even Zero Wing’s inner members did not know Black Flame’s whereabouts.

They had only heard of Black Flame’s strength, that he was akin to a monster. They had thought the rumors were just exaggerations. However, it would seem that the real deal was even greater than the rumors had made him out to be.

After all, Black Flame could actually hold his ground against two Level 70, Great Lord ranked Evil Demons by himself. This was simply too terrifying.

“Commander, isn’t this a good chance to kill Black Flame?” the blue-clad Assassin asked with a smile. “We haven’t received any reports of Stone Forest Town mobilizing forces. Black Flame must be acting on his own this time. Although Black Flame is monstrously strong, at the end of the day, he is only one person, and we still have many Evil Demons. We can use them to wear him down. His death will be far more meaningful than destroying an NPC merchant fleet.”

Hearing this, everyone’s eyes suddenly glowed with excitement. They all agreed with the blue-clad Assassin. If they were here without their demonic support, it would be impossible to deal with Black Flame, but the Ghost Shadow Legion was backed by the Evil Demon army. They even had two Grand Lords. This was a heaven-sent opportunity to kill Black Flame.

If they defeated Black Flame, the blow to Zero Wing’s reputation would be far more severe than simply destroying an NPC merchant fleet.

“Indeed, this is a golden opportunity.” Ghost Shadow nodded his agreement. “Notify everyone to gather at our location immediately. Order the Lord ranked Evil Demons and above to keep an eye on Black Flame, as well! Do not let him get away!”

Black Flame had already used his Berserk Skill. Once the duration ended, with the Evil Demon army attacking head-on and the Ghost Shadow Legion assisting from the sides, they would take the Swordsman’s life.

Upon receiving Ghost Shadow’s command, the Ghost Shadow Legion members assisting the Evil Demons in destroying the fleet left their positions and stealthily surrounded Shi Feng. The 100-plus Lord ranked Evil Demons remaining also shifted their focus towards the player.

Remnant Cloud and the other defending players sighed with relief.

“What’s going on? Are they giving up?”

As she watched the Ghost Shadow Legion’s Assassins withdraw, Graceful Moon was confused. Had those Assassins continued their assault, they would’ve been defeated.

She watched as hundreds of Lord ranked Evil Demons and above charged for Shi Feng, shock and lamentation filling her heart.

Given enough time, she was confident in becoming one of the top 10 Summoners in the Black Dragon Empire, yet it was obvious that their attackers didn’t view her or the other guard players as important. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have switched targets so suddenly at such a crucial moment.

She was a little frustrated at being looked down on.

Moreover, was it really necessary to send so many players and Lords against a single player?

“Good! All Great Lord ranked Evil Demons, distract Black Flame’s Personal Guards while the other Evil Demons focus on Black Flame! Everyone else, find an opportunity to land a killing blow!” Ghost Shadow gave out the command to attack once his people were in place.

Unlike the prior attack, the Evil Demons put more space between themselves. Even if Shi Feng had more large-scale destruction Spells, he couldn’t put them to good use. Furthermore, he wouldn’t have another opportunity to use a Magic Scroll with the two Grand Lords distracting him.

“Roar!”

With Ghost Shadow’s command, over a dozen Great Lord ranked Evil Demons charged at Anna and Kite, while the other Evil Demons dashed for Shi Feng. The Level 40-plus Assassin experts nearby stealthily approached their target as well.

“Black Flame, today will be your funeral!” Ghost Shadow exclaimed as he watched the Grand Lords force Shi Feng into a defensive position.

Quite a few superpowers had attempted to kill Shi Feng, but none had succeeded.

Today, however, he would put an end to Zero Wing’s legend.

“Crap, everyone’s coming for me?” Shi Feng, who had activated Omniscient Eyes to scout for ambushes, discovered countless Evil Demons and players around him. Moreover, these Evil Demons and players aimed for his life.

Dealing with the two Grand Lords had only become easier after he had summoned Anna and Kite. If so many Evil Demons and players joined into the fight right now, he’d be in trouble.

Seeing the Evil Demon army and player army inch closer, Shi Feng switched the Aura of Fire to the Aura of Time.

Forbidden Domain!

A silvery-gray space formed in a 500-yard radius around him. The Skill prevented all enemies in range from using Skills or tools for 30 seconds. It also decreased enemies’ Movement Speed and Attack Speed by 40% within 200 yards of him.

Due to this Forbidden Domain, the stealthed Assassins were promptly exposed. The dark fog that shrouded the Evil Demons’ claws also disappeared.

The Ghost Shadow Legion panicked when they realized they had lost their ability to use Skills and tools.

Assassins were powerful was because of their Skills’ damage and control effects. If they couldn’t use their Skills, they were practically crippled. They wouldn’t even be able to exhibit 30% of their true combat power.

“What are you afraid of?! This Silencing Skill will only last a short moment! Charge! No matter what, he mustn’t escape!” Ghost Shadow shouted arrogantly.

While not being able to use Skills and tools was a disadvantage, they wouldn’t get another opportunity like this to kill him again if they failed.

Hearing Ghost Shadow’s words, the panicked Assassins calmed quickly as they tightened the encirclement around Shi Feng. They might not be able to exhibit their full strength right now, but the same wasn’t true for the Evil Demons. Even if the Evil Demons couldn’t use their Skills, it would only affect their combat power slightly. There were more than enough Evil Demons to whittle Shi Feng down They could leave the offense to the demons while they contained Shi Feng.

“Escape?”

Shi Feng formed a sinister smile as he surveyed his surroundings. That smile made the Ghost Shadow Legion members shudder involuntarily as they realized that something felt off.

However, before they could react, Anna, who stood beside Shi Feng, finished reciting her incantation.

Immediately, a massive, golden magic array appeared in the sky, its imposing appearance visible to anyone within 500 yards.

Following which, a golden-armored Valkyrie descended from the array.

The moment the Level 75 Valkyrie appeared, a powerful aura washed over the battlefield like a tidal wave. The Ghost Shadow Legion felt an unprecedented pressure weigh them down.

“Crap! Everyone, retreat!” When Ghost Shadow saw the Valkyrie, he instantly understood the meaning behind Shi Feng’s sinister smile. Shi Feng hadn’t used a Silencing Skill to escape. Rather, he had used the Skill to prevent them from escaping.

Even without Ghost Shadow’s warning, the Ghost Shadow Legion members had already turned and fled. Unfortunately, the Valkyrie already held a Spear of Thunder. She then swept the spear towards her targets.

Countless arcs of golden lightning streaked forward, dealing devastating damage to everything within 150 yards in a cone-shaped area.

The Valkyrie used the Tier 4 Skill, Roaring Thunder. She also dealt double damage against Dark Creatures. As a result, the fragile Lord ranked Evil Demons died on the spot. Only the High Lords and above barely survived. As for the players within range, not even their bodies remained after the attack…