Chapter 1377 - He Is Black Flame

Chapter 1377: He is Black Flame

Translator: Exodus Tales  Editor: Exodus Tales

Chapter 1377 – He is Black Flame

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Amazing! Just who is this guy!?”

The players still fighting the Evil Demon army gaped when they saw Shi Feng turn over 300 Evil Demons to dust in just a few moments.

A single Chieftain ranked Evil Demon could easily kill any one of them. If not for the Level 80 NPC guards, they would’ve long since been annihilated.

Yet, the mysterious, cloaked Swordsman before them had slaughtered these Evil Demons as if he were grinding Common monsters…

It was an extravagant grinding method!

Evil Demons weren’t like ordinary monsters. They did not drop any loot, only offering slightly higher EXP.

Setting aside the fire Spell Shi Feng had used, the two Tier 3, large-scale destruction Magic Scrolls could easily sell for over 1,000 Gold. With that kind of money, a player could purchase a valuable plot of Land in an NPC city. Moreover, even with enough money, Tier 3 Magic Scrolls weren’t easy to purchase, much less large-scale destruction Magic Scrolls.

In reality, however, Shi Feng hadn’t wasted the two scrolls. Chieftain rank Evil Demons had a considerably high chance of dropping Evil Energy Crystals. In Shi Feng’s previous life, a single crystal had sold for 10 Gold on the market.

Among the Evil Demons that he had killed, over a hundred had dropped Evil Energy Crystals. Not only had he earned back the money for the scrolls, but he had also made a profit.

“Damn it! Where did this person come from?!” Ghost Shadow frowned, his expression grim as he stared at the distant Shi Feng.

Evil Demons feared large-scale destructions Spells almost more than anything.

Unlike ordinary monsters, although Evil Demons had very high combat power, they didn’t have a lot of HP. Even a Level 70, Grand Lord ranked Evil Demon only had 35,000,000 HP, not to mention the Great Lords and below.

“Commander, what should we do? We’ve lost nearly one-third of our Evil Demons. At this rate, it will be difficult to destroy the merchant fleet,” a Level 42 Assassin, clad in blue, asked worriedly.

Powerful magic barriers protected the NPCs’ carriages. Breaking a single barrier would take some time. In addition, the magic barriers buffed the nearby NPC guards. With these buffs, the three Level 80, Tier 3 NPC guards were ridiculously powerful. They needed only a short time to kill Great Lord ranked Evil Demons. Only the Grand Lord ranked Evil Demons were a threat.

Yet, Shi Feng had eliminated nearly one-third of their forces. This wasn’t in the plans.

“He must be sick of living! He dares to treat Heaven’s Burial’s Evil Demons as EXP! Use our trump cards. Have the two Grand Lords prioritize that player. Lead three parties and assist the monsters from the side. Do not let him get away!” Ghost Shadow growled, sneering.

“Understood!” the blue-clad Assassin immediately went into action.

The Ghost Shadow Legion members, who had been hiding in the forest, snuck towards the Tier 3 NPC guards with bluish-purple scrolls.

When they were less than 30 yards away from the Tier 3 NPCs, they revealed themselves and unfurled the scrolls.

Suddenly, three purplish-gold magic barriers, each manned by 36 players, appeared and trapped the three Tier 3 NPCs and a large number of Tier 2 NPCs, freeing the Evil Demons from their opponents. No matter how these NPC guards struggled against the barriers, the purplish-gold walls didn’t waver in the slightest.

As for the two Grand Lord ranked Evil Demons, which suddenly found themselves without an opponent, they promptly left behind afterimages as they darted for Shi Feng.

The sudden development inspired despair in the defending players.

The Evil Demons alone were more than they could handle. Now, hundreds of Assassin players had joined the battle. Even Remnant Cloud, someone who had experienced many fierce battles, could not help his bitter smile.

The fact that several hundred players had emerged to attack them proved that someone was in command of these Evil Demons. There was a huge difference between monsters under a player’s command and those that were not. After factoring in the several hundred Assassin players, his people had no chance of surviving this fight.

As for their savior, Shi Feng, he needed to face-off against two Level 70 Grand Lords. Unfortunately, the Swordsman would be lucky to keep his own life, let alone help them.

The Grand Lord ranked Evil Demons were incredibly fast. Upon reaching Shi Feng, they swiped their fog-clad claws at the player. These Grand Lords were far superior to their Great Lord cousins in terms of both Strength and speed. In addition, they executed Rapid Switch while coordinating with each other.

Not daring to be careless, Shi Feng activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power, increasing his Strength by 150%, Agility by 60%, Defense by 300%, and HP by 500%. Instantly, his maximum HP shot past the 400,000 threshold.

He then executed Sword’s Orbit, creating a perfect defense around himself.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

As blades and claws clashed, explosions rang out across the battlefield. With each collision, the ground beneath Shi Feng and the Grand Lords’ feet trembled. Even players 30 yards away from the fight could feel intense shockwaves.

Both sides exchanged attacks so rapidly that it was impossible for the naked eye to keep up with them. All anyone could see was the ground sink as the impacts formed a crater. The residual power of Shi Feng and the Grand Lords’ attacks also left numerous furrows in the dirt around them. Seeing this, the nearby Assassins, who had intended to ambush Shi Feng, hesitated, afraid of getting caught in the crossfire.

For a moment, the scene stupefied every player on the battlefield.

How was this even a battle between a player and monsters? This was practically a monster-on-monster fight.

“How is that possible?!”

Ghost Shadow, who had lain in wait to ambush the Swordsman, could not believe his eyes when he saw Shi Feng holding his ground against the two Grand Lord ranked Evil Demons.

Despite being just a player, Shi Feng could fight two Level 70 Grand Lords to a standstill. No one would ever believe this.

In reality, Shi Feng was rather proud. After upgrading the Seven Luminaries Ring, he only needed to activate one Berserk Skill to raise his Strength to a Level 70, Grand Lord ranked Evil Demon’s level. Factoring in his reaction speed and physique, he could contend with two Grand Lords with only Sword’s Orbit.

However, continuing the fight at this rate was not an option.

Shi Feng could feel his Stamina and Concentration depleting. Even though his battle recovery could mitigate the Grand Lords’ damage, it did nothing to recover the lost Stamina and Concentration.

Before Heavenly Dragon’s Power’s duration ended, he’d run out of Stamina and Concentration.

Following which, Shi Feng activated Divine Steps and switched positions with one of his doppelgangers, temporarily distancing himself from the two Evil Demons. He then retrieved two Summon Guard Scrolls from his bag and began to summon Anna and Kite.

Although the Grand Lord ranked Evil Demons were relatively fragile compared to ordinary monsters of the same rank, each still had 35,000,000 HP. With their incredible reaction speed, they could also dodge or block a large portion of his attacks.

If this were a one-on-one fight, he might have a chance to kill the Evil Demon using only Heavenly Dragon’s Power. In a two-on-one situation, however, he had no hope of defeating the Evil Demons with a single Berserk Skill.

Shortly after, Anna, Level 75, and Kite, Level 74, appeared beside Shi Feng.

Anna and Kite’s appearance immediately attracted everyone’s attention.

“Crap! Am I seeing things?! That guy actually has a Level 75 Personal Guard?!” When they saw Anna’s level, the players gasped.

The highest-leveled Personal Guard they knew of was only Level 69. They had never even heard of a Personal Guard reaching Level 70, much less Level 75. Moreover, both NPCs wore brilliant equipment.

When Ghost Shadow saw Anna and Kite, a familiar sensation struck him. After going through his memories, these two NPCs seemed very similar to the two powerful Personal Guards that had appeared during Heaven’s Burial’s first assault against Stone Forest Town. Only the NPCs’ weapons and equipment were different.

Ghost Shadow’s calm expression changed abruptly.

“Commander, what happened?” the blue-clad Assassin asked curiously.

“Crap! He is Black Flame!” Ghost Shadow exclaimed.