Chapter 1374 - Humanoid Great Lord

Chapter 1374 – Humanoid Great Lord

Staring at the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Attributes, even Shi Feng could not believe that it was merely a Fragmented Legendary item.

The ring had already been the most powerful Epic ranked ring he had ever seen.

Now that he had upgraded to Fragmented Legendary rank, not only had its physical appearance undergone a massive transformation, but its Attributes had as well.

–

[Seven Luminaries Ring (Replica)] (Ring, Fragmented Legendary Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 1,200, Agility 1,000

Attributes will be adjusted according to user’s level.

Strength +130, Agility +115, Intelligence +102, Endurance +105, Vitality +106 (Current Level: 55)

When equipped:

Increase Strength by 40%, Agility by 40%, Intelligence by 40%, Endurance by 30%, and Vitality by 30%;

All negative environmental effects weakened by 50%;

Ignore Levels +15;

All item level requirements reduced by 10 Levels.

Additional Skill-

Seven Luminaries Aura: There are seven different Auras: earth, water, wind, fire, time, illusion, and space. Only one Aura can be used each time, and there will be a Cooldown of 20 seconds when changing between Auras.

[Aura of Earth]

(Requires 2,000,000,000 EXP to level up)

Defense increased by 100%;

Damage taken reduced by 50%.

Activatable Skill-

Absolute Domain: Become immune to all damage for 10 seconds. All allies within a 50-yard-radius become immune to all damage for 5 seconds.

Cooldown: 2 minutes

[Aura of Water]

(Requires 2,000,000,000 EXP to level up)

Healing effects increased by 100%;

Cast Consumption reduced by 50%.

Activatable Skill-

Life Domain: Heals all allies within a 50-yard radius for 10% of their HP every second for 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 3 minutes

[Aura of Wind]

(Requires 2,000,000,000 EXP to level up)

Movement Speed increased by 80%;

Attack Speed increased by 60%;

Reaction speed increased by 20%.

Activatable Skill-

Gale Domain: Enables temporary flight and Movement Speed increase of 300% and reduces the Movement Speed of all enemies within a 100-yard radius by 50% for 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 3 minutes

[Aura of Fire]

(Requires 2,000,000,000 EXP to level up)

Damage increased by 50%;

Target’s Defense reduced by 80%.

Activatable Skill-

Flame Domain: Inflicts 1,500% damage within a 60-yard radius for 7 seconds. Damage upscales by 20% every second.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

[Aura of Time]

(Requires 3,000,000,000 EXP to level up)

Cooldown of all Skills reduced by 50%;

Enemies within a 200-yard radius will have their Movement Speed and Attack Speed reduced by 40%, and Cooldown of Skills increased by 50%.

Activatable Skill-

Forbidden Domain: Prevents enemies within a 500-yard radius from using any skills or tools for 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 3 minutes

[Aura of Illusion]

(Requires 3,000,000,000 EXP to level up)

All Attributes increased by 40%;

Enemies within a 200-yard radius will have all their Attributes reduced by 40%.

Activatable Skill-

Fantasy Domain: Immunity to all Magic Damage and 20% of Magic Damage received will be converted to healing to recover player’s HP for 20 seconds. For 180 seconds, all negative effects within a 100-yard radius will be removed.

Cooldown: 3 minutes

[Aura of Space]

(Requires 3,000,000,000 EXP to level up)

Immunity to all control and restricting effects.

Activatable Skill 1-

Space Movement: Instantly move to any location within a radius of 600,000 yards.

Cooldown: 3 minutes

Activatable Skill 2-

Spatial Gate: Opens a Spatial Gate that allows players to go through it. Spatial Gate can be connected to any location within a 300,000-yard radius. Spatial Gate will stay open for 1 minute.

Cooldown: 20 minutes

–

Although the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Basic Attributes were sub-par for a Fragmented Legendary item, even inferior to the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, all players dreamed of using its Activatable Skills. The Skills were useful in nearly all aspects of battle. Most importantly, these Skills wouldn’t only benefit the user as they also benefited one’s allies.

The Aura of Space’s new Skill, Spatial Gate, was particularly useful as it could allow the ring’s user to take a player team with them wherever they wished. With this Skill, traveling to dangerous maps to farm Bosses would become much easier. After all, 300,000 yards was the equivalent of an average leveling map.

Spatial Gate?

Shi Feng’s lips curled into a smile as he read this new Skill.

I had thought that claiming the Manatite vein was going to be troublesome. It seems I’ve just saved myself a lot of time.

The Sea of Death’s Manatite vein was not that easy to obtain. He had planned to secure a Group Instantaneous Teleportation Scroll, but it seemed that he no longer needed to.

When Shi Feng re-equipped the Seven Luminaries Ring, it felt as if the power of an ancient beast welled within him. Moreover, his mind became much clearer and more active than before.

Is this the ring’s hidden effect?

Shi Feng was surprised to notice the surrounding Mana converge towards him.

Although the affected area wasn’t large, only two yards around his body, the Mana density was roughly 30% higher than normal. Despite such a low percentage, it shouldn’t be taken for granted. In a high Mana density environment, the results would be staggering.

Following which, Shi Feng’s fist shot out in a mock punch.

Peng!

He heard an explosion as his fist created a gust of wind that extended up to ten yards away.

My Strength and speed can match a Great Lord of the same level now.

Shi Feng balled his fist as he estimated his current Strength.

Previously, he had nearly had as much Strength as a Great Lord of the same level. Now, he was certain that his Strength was on par with a Great Lord’s. Although there did not seem to be a huge difference between the two, the gap was massive.

If his Strength were only close to rivaling a Great Lord of the same level, he’d receive a lot of damage in a head-on confrontation. Without a healer’s support, it was only a matter of time before the monster whiddled him down as monsters had far more HP than players. However, if he had truly reached the Great Lord standard, his battle recovery could make up for the damage he took in a one-on-one fight. He could fight until he ran out of Stamina.

Meanwhile, as long as he dealt enough damage, he could solo a Great Lord without any special tricks. He could now fight foes of a higher tier.

In the past, he had envied apex experts and their frighteningly high Attributes, yet now, he stood among them upon reaching Tier 2. If the apex experts in his past knew about this, their jaws would hit the ground.

Now that I’ve completed my quest, it’s about time to visit Sharlyn.

Shi Feng smiled, satisfied. Before he left the Adventurer’s Association, though, he hid the Seven Luminaries Ring’s hidden effect. Otherwise, he would attract a lot of attention even with a Black Cloak.

As soon as Shi Feng left the Adventurer’s Association, he received a call from Melancholic Smile.

“Guild Leader, the Assassins I’ve dispatched have discovered a large group of Evil Demons. There are three times as many as those that assaulted our patrol teams. By the looks of it, their target seems to be an NPC merchant fleet,” Melancholic Smile anxiously reported.

When she had taken over Stone Forest Town’s management, she had learned just how important the NPC merchant fleets were to the town. Without these NPC merchant fleets, Stone Forest Town would lose all sorts of special merchandise. If NPC merchants stopped visiting the town, the town’s Popularity growth would slow to a crawl. To put it simply, the NPC merchant fleets were crucial to Stone Forest Town’s promotion.

However, these NPC merchant fleets normally hired both NPC and player guards, making them difficult to mug. They simply weren’t opponents current players could go up against. However, with so many Evil Demons participating in the assault, these NPC merchant fleets could suffer defeat.

“They’re targeting the NPCs already?” Shi Feng smiled faintly. “Good. I can use this opportunity as a test.”

“Guild Leader, do you really intend to solo all of those Evil Demons?” Melancholic Smile was stunned. The idea was simply too reckless! The opponent consisted of over a hundred Evil Demons, including Great Lords. Even a 100-man expert team would risk extermination, much less a single player.

“Relax. Send me the coordinates. Also, tell the Assassins to be a little more careful and avoid discovery at all costs. Those Evil Demons have very sharp senses,” Shi Feng said as he tried to soothe Melancholic Smile’s panic. He then disconnected the call and retrieved a Guild Transfer Scroll from his bag.

He then transformed into a streak of light before vanishing.