Chapter 1370 - Weapon Of Legends Secured

Chapter 1370 – Weapon of Legends Secured

The system announcement immediately caused a commotion among God’s Domain’s players.

“What?! Why is the system starting an update now?! I just joined a party for a Dungeon!”

“Who’s the bastard that triggered a new expansion pack this time?!”

“Ten hours? This update is so long! I wonder what will have changed the next time I log in?”

…

For a time, the players heatedly discussed the announcement. Everyone was interested to see what the new expansion pack would bring. This was especially true for the game’s various major powers. After all, every new expansion pack represented a new opportunity. If they could take advantage of the new opportunity, they might secure certain benefits.

The expansion pack “Demon God’s Disturbance” was one such example This expansion pack had spawned Dark Cities in the various kingdoms and empires, giving many Guilds an opportunity to rise to prominence.

The Ancient Orc Empire’s rise has such a massive effect?

Shi Feng was slightly astonished as he read the system announcement.

As far as he could remember, normal expansion packs hadn’t triggered updates in the past. Only large-scale expansion packs would do so. Moreover, the Empire’s Rise expansion pack had triggered a 10-hour long system update. Such a lengthy system update could rival a system upgrade.

But Shi Feng didn’t give it too much thought as he decided to log out and rest.

No one would know the new expansion pack’s contents until after the system update finished.

It was currently 5 am in the real world. As soon as Shi Feng logged out of God’s Domain and opened his eyes in the virtual gaming cabin, a series of messages and voicemails bombarded his screen.

It seems that I have a lot to do since winning the friendly competition.

Shi Feng briefly glanced through the messages and voicemails. Liang Jing had sent the majority of these messages, while a small portion were invitations, inviting him, the Big Dipper Dojo’s Head Instructor, to participate in various companies and corporations’ events. He hadn’t been this popular before the White Tiger Dojo’s competition.

Due to the fact that the White Tiger Dojo had gone to great lengths to promote the friendly competition, the Big Dipper Dojo had become incredibly popular after defeating the White Tiger Dojo. People came every day to join the dojo, including a few local, professional fighters.

In addition, based on a report from Blackie, Zero Wing had recently recruited nearly 100 newcomers for internal nurturing. Blackie had also stated that if they continued recruiting internal members at this rate, the Greenwater Villa would soon reach maximum occupancy.

Shi Feng had also considered this issue.

However, Gentle Snow’s negotiations had not been favorable as those several companies still refused to let go of Ouroboros’s training grounds. All she could do now was wait. They would sell the training ground, sooner or later, since its upkeep was quite expensive, and they wouldn’t be able to afford it for long. However, Shi Feng had also considered constructing his own training ground since he had received a massive amount of funding from Phoenix Rain some time ago. He had only avoided this option thus far simply because it was so time-consuming.

After going offline, Shi Feng began his busy day. Not only did he need to train, but he also needed to instruct Blackie and the others. When Shi Feng saw how cramped the Greenwater Villa was becoming, the need for his own training ground grew even stronger.

That the afternoon, Liang Jing contacted him and reported, “Head Instructor, a representative from the White Tiger Dojo has arrived with a message. It seems that Hall Master Jiang has invited you to the White Tiger Dojo for a drink. Would you like me to prepare for your departure?”

“The White Tiger Dojo wants to meet with me?” Shi Feng could not help but laugh. Jiang Tianyuan had already rejected his proposal, only offering a vague reply. Now, the man wanted to speak with him again. “This is interesting, but I don’t have time for that right now. God’s Domain’s system update will finish soon. Tell them that I’m very busy, and we’ll talk next time.”

“Next time?” Liang Jing was dumbfounded. They were talking about an invitation from Jiang Tianyuan. Even Chairman Xiao would obediently meet the man, yet Shi Feng rejected the invitation…

However, since Shi Feng had given his reply, Liang Jing could only follow his instructions accordingly and reject the White Tiger Dojo’s invitation.

Meanwhile, Xie Qiwen, who waited in the Big Dipper Dojo, was momentarily stunned when he received Liang Jing’s reply. Shortly after, however, a sneer twisted his expression.

This punk is quite bold! He even dares to reject the Hall Master Jiang’s invitation!

Xie Qiwen had worried that Shi Feng might become a threat to his position seeing as Jiang Tianyuan had actually sent the man a personal invitation, but he was more than happy to help Shi Feng dig his own grave. “Alright, I’ll report to the Hall Master, word for word.”

After Xie Qiwen left, Shi Feng returned to his room and drank a bottle of A-rank Nutrient Fluids before logging back into God’s Domain.

When Shi Feng logged back in, nothing had changed. He couldn’t find anything different about the shrine. He was a little confused.

Such lengthy updates normally generated some change, yet nothing was different…

Forget it. I’ll worry about it after I get my hands on the item.

Shi Feng promptly gave up on searching for the system update’s changes and began to search through the shrine’s items.

He was very familiar with the monsters inside the Orc Palace’s treasury. He knew this area’s rules like the back of his hand.

After players selected an item, a monster between Level 50 and 100 would appear. Normally, the monster would only be five levels higher than the player. The monster’s rank depended on the selected item, ranging between Grand Lord and High Lord. A different number of monsters would also appear. This number depended on how many players had entered the treasury. The treasury allowed up to a maximum of 20 people to enter at a time, and NPC guards would be included. If a 20-man team entered the treasury, three challenge monsters would appear per item. If it were a six-man party, though, only one challenge monster would appear.

For Shi Feng, who had Dark-Gold and Epic guards, this area was no more of a challenge than his own backyard.

He just needed to select his prize. He could leave the rest to Anna and Kite.

Shi Feng already knew what he was looking for: the Advanced Auction House Design!

In this treasury, the Advanced Auction House Design was only second to the Disintegration Axe. It was a reward for the first player to infiltrate the treasury; it was only available once.

It wasn’t long before Shi Feng found the Advanced Auction House Design and accepted its challenge.

After all, he did not know what kind of enemy to expect when he selected the Disintegration Axe. On the off chance that he was no match for the challenge monster, he would also lose his chance to obtain the Advanced Auction House Design as well.

Suddenly, a nine-meter-tall, Level 59 mechanical giant appeared in the middle of the shrine. Similar to Anna’s Rock Guardians, which were made entirely of stone, the mechanical giant was a mechanical lifeform.

–

[Guardian Warrior] (Elemental Creature, Grand Lord)

Level 59

HP 80,000,000/80,000,000

–

Shi Feng instantly had Anna summon a Level 75 Golden Giant to tank the Guardian Warrior, while Kite and Anna attacked from the sides. While Shi Feng attacked the Guardian Warrior, he also paid attention to the Golden Giant’s HP, healing it with Life Bloom whenever its HP fell to a critical low.

Although the Level 75, Great Lord ranked Golden Giant didn’t have an overwhelming advantage against the Level 59, Grand Lord ranked Guardian Warrior, it had no problems facing the Guardian Warrior on equal footing.

In less than 15 minutes, the Guardian Warrior collapsed at Shi Feng’s feet, allowing Shi Feng to obtain the Advanced Auction House Design.

“With this, this trip hasn’t been in vain.” Shi Feng smiled at the Advanced Auction House Design.

Due to the Advanced Auction House, Ouroboros had been the envy of many superpowers in the past. The income of the Advanced Auction House alone had been a considerable portion of Ouroboros’s total income. Moreover, this was only the result of constructing the Advanced Auction House in one of the Guild’s towns. If the Advanced Auction House occupied a superpower’s main city, it could generate several times more wealth.

After obtaining the Advanced Auction House Design, Shi Feng had Kite and Anna retreat. He would decide whether or not to involve his Personal Guards in the fight after he saw the challenge monster. He then waited another three hours for the Bible of Darkness’s Demon Summoning Skill to finish its Cooldown, only accepting the Disintegration Axe’s challenge after summoning a Level 64, Tier 3 Demon.

As soon as Shi Feng chose to take the challenge, he heard the sound of a system notification.

–

System: You have discovered the Disintegration Axe. Do you wish to collect the weapon?

–

Confused, Shi Feng chose to collect the weapon.

Suddenly, an extra item appeared in his bag; it was none other than the Disintegration Axe, which had previously been inside the Magic Crystal Pillar.

“I got it, just like that?” After seeing the Disintegration Axe in his bag, he glanced around him, searching for monsters.

He then heard another system notification.

–

System: You have selected two items from the treasury. You will be teleported to the nearest NPC city in 3 seconds.

–

Before Shi Feng could even inspect the Disintegration Axe’s Attributes, his body transformed into a streak of light as he vanished from the treasury.