Chapter 1380 - Fame Spreading Throughout Star-Moon Kingdom

Chapter 1380 – Fame Spreading throughout Star-Moon Kingdom

Hearing Ghost Shadow’s order to retreat, the Ghost Shadow Legion members breathed a sigh of relief.

They had lost the courage to face Shi Feng.

Shi Feng had stood against a Level 70 Grand Lord ranked Evil Demon in a direct confrontation. Killing them would be child’s play. It hadn’t been easy for them to reach their current level, and if they died here, recovering their lost progress would be even more difficult.

With Ghost Shadow’s command, the Evil Demons and Ghost Shadow Legion fled, not daring to linger in this land of death for a second longer.

“Don’t even think of escaping so easily!” Seeing his opponents run, Shi Feng pointed the Abyssal Blade at the sky and activated Skywheel Sword.

Suddenly, golden, divine swords descended, one after another. All Assassins caught in the rain of divine swords died instantly. Three Great Lords and over a dozen Lords were also within range of the AOE, unable to leave the area.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s Personal Guards and doppelganger launched an assault on the Great Lord ranked Evil Demons.

Evil Demons were not easy to produce, particularly the Grand Lords and above. Evil God’s Temple players treasured every one of these high-ranking Evil Demons dearly. Hence, Shi Feng had prioritized the strongest Evil Demons first.

As for Shi Feng, he charged at the escaping players.

While inside the Forbidden Domain, all enemies would receive a Movement Speed penalty. With his superior Attributes, Shi Feng could effortlessly catch the felling players. Taking these Assassin’s lives, who couldn’t use Skills or tools, was like taking candy from a baby. Every time he swung his sword, a player died.

Moreover, Shi Feng had already activated Omniscient Eyes, so he knew the situation within a 100-yard radius like the back of his hand. This made it much easier to track down the players that had escaped into the dense forest.

Following which, Shi Feng transformed into a black shadow as he darted around the battlefield, player screaming in agony as he passed before they transformed into particles of white light and vanished. The fleeing players paled with fear when they saw the horrific scene, shuddering uncontrollably. Their opponent was nothing like a player, but a Death God harvesting lives as he listened to his prey’s screams.

Even the guard players’ blood ran cold.

Despite facing an Evil Demon army and hundreds of Level 40-plus Assassins by himself, Shi Feng had actually forced his opponents to run for their lives after such a short battle.

“So strong! Who is that?”

“So, this is a true expert player?”

…

Everyone stared in shock as they watched Shi Feng chase down the last Ghost Shadow Legion members.

They felt as if they were looking at a whole new world.

The Ghost Shadow Legion members were all Level 40-plus Assassins and equipped with top-tier weapons and equipment. To ordinary players, they were definitely experts, yet hundreds of these experts did everything they could to flee from a single player…

“Black Flame! Don’t get too full of yourself! Do you really think we’re afraid of you?!” Ghost Shadow, who stood in the distance, could not help but shout at Shi Feng as he watched the Swordsman slaughter his subordinates.

The Ghost Shadow Legion members he had brought with him were the elite among elites. Nurturing each one of them had cost a lot of resources. Watching them fall, one after another, Ghost Shadow wanted nothing more than to charge in and kill Shi Feng himself.

However, he knew that he wasn’t a match for the Swordsman right now. He could only use the Lord ranked Evil Demons to buy as much time as possible for his people to get away.

“Full of myself?” Shi Feng laughed. “You’re the ones who came to Stone Forest Town to rob our merchants. Do you really think that I’ll let you leave alive?”

Shi Feng’s words echoed throughout the forest, the cold, killing intent lacing his words causing the escaping Ghost Shadow Legion members to shiver.

Shi Feng stopped holding back as he switched to the Aura of Wind and activated Gale Domain, increasing his Movement Speed as he decreased enemy Movement Speed within 100-yard radius by 50%.

Suddenly, several players in the forest transformed into light particles and disappeared. The Lord ranked Evil Demons couldn’t even slow Shi Feng.

Although the escort players were some distance away from the fight, both Shi Feng and Ghost Shadow had been quite loud. When they overheard the conversation, their jaws dropped.

Practically everybody in Star-Moon Kingdom had heard of Black Flame].

But they had never imagined that he was so powerful.

They had heard that Black Flame was only slightly stronger than first-rate Guilds’ top experts. However, he was clearly more than

slightly

stronger.

“What?! That is Zero Wing’s Guild Leader?!”

“I don’t think it’s a mistake. After all, he even admitted it.”

“No wonder why he’s so powerful! As expected of the Sword King, Black Flame! He sent hundreds of experts running for their lives by himself! He’s too awesome!”

“I have to join Zero Wing after this!”

“Right, has anyone recorded the battle? I’ll pay 10 Silver for a copy!”

“I recorded parts of it, but forget about the money. I’m going to upload it to the forums, so you can watch it later.”

“What a pity. I should’ve snuck over and watched the fight between Black Flame and the two Grand Lords.”

…

For a moment, the players escorting the merchant fleet brimmed with excitement. They had never expected to witness Star-Moon Kingdom’s mythical character in action personally. Moreover, they got to watch this mythical character create another legend.

Graceful Moon turned to Remnant Cloud and asked, “Commander, why don’t we garrison our adventurer team in Stone Forest Town?”

“What? You’ve changed your mind already?” Remnant Cloud teased when he saw the glimmer in Graceful Moon’s eyes.

In truth, he had the same thought. After all, Shi Feng’s battle had allowed him to witness a whole new world, and as an expert, he desperately wanted to learn more.

He finally understood why the experts that had recently entered the top 100 class rankings in the Black Dragon Empire fixated on Stone Forest Town’s Battle Arena.

“Of course,” Graceful Moon responded without a shred of shame. On the contrary, she righteously declared, “If Black Flame is this powerful, Zero Wing’s other experts shouldn’t be weaklings even if they’re not as strong as he is. If we garrison in Stone Forest Town, we must sign a partnership contract with Zero Wing. We might even get to know those experts and get to spar with them.”

“If we want to occupy Stone Forest Town, we’ll have to prepare. I heard that the adventurer houses are not cheap.” Remnant Cloud nodded, agreeing with Graceful Moon’s reasoning. However, he had to consider how they would earn enough money. “Once we complete this quest, we should return to the empire and start preparing immediately.”

Firecloud Fox was more than capable of affording a private house in Stone Forest Town, but it was a different story if they wanted an adventurer house. They’d likely need several times more Gold than what they currently possessed. Moreover, Stone Forest Town’s houses would certainly become more expensive after this battle.

Fortunately, he learned about the change early. If he had only discovered this after news hit the Black Dragon Empire, it would be more difficult to prepare enough Coins.

News of the battle quickly spread to Star-Moon Kingdom’s forums, and everyone who watched the battle video was astounded.

Without any backup, Black Flame had killed two Level 70, Grand Lord ranked Evil Demons. Hundreds of Evil Demons and expert players had even fled from this terrifying player…