Chapter 1383 - Advanced Combat Room

Chapter 1383 – Advanced Combat Room

Stone Forest Town, Battle Arena:

Nowadays, the Battle Arena was the heart of Stone Forest Town. Almost every player that visited the town visited the arena.

As soon as Shi Feng entered the central hall, he was greeted by the sight of over 400 players in the rest area, waiting for their turn in the combat rooms. Several times more players lined up for the payment counters.

Although the traffic in the Battle Arena was no match for the number of players that had visited during its peak, it still raked in over 1,000 Gold of pure profit per day. It was enough to cause even first-rate Guilds to feel envious.

Of course, first-rate Guilds earned more than just 1,000 Gold each day. However, the larger a Guild was and the more members it had, the greater its expenditure would be. This was especially true after a Guild obtained a town of its own. Developing a Guild town was not unlike throwing money into a bottomless pit. Normally, first-rate Guilds had to invest a large majority of their funds to develop a town properly. There was very little left each day.

Moreover, this was only possible because of first-rate Guilds’ firm backgrounds and financial support from major corporations. Otherwise, supporting the initial cost of managing a town would be impossible.

In Stone Forest Town’s case, however, the Battle Arena’s earnings largely made up for the town’s development costs. Hence, the other large Guilds had begun to construct their own Battle Arenas.

It was thanks to this income, and the income from both the Candlelight Trading Firm and the teleportation house, that Zero Wing dared to develop multiple fronts, investing in both Zero Wing’s Branch Guild in the Black Dragon Empire and Immortal Light.

However, once Zero Wing’s city was complete, the Guild would have another bottomless pit to fill. If they did not prepare, Zero Wing’s funds would quickly dry up, and funds were already quite tight.

After observing the situation in the Battle Arena for a short moment, Shi Feng made his way to the top floor.

“Guild Leader, you’ve come.” As soon as Shi Feng arrived, a charming woman in a light-blue dress greeted him.

This woman’s name was Judy, and she was one of the ten advanced NPC managers Shi Feng had hired. She had 76 points in Wisdom, even higher than an ordinary Tier 3, magical class NPC. In God’s Domain, she was an extremely rare NPC manager.

The Battle Arena’s smooth operation, despite how large it had grown, was all due to advanced NPCs like Judy. No player would’ve been able to produce the same results.

“Help me retrieve the blueprint for the seventh floor. I want to reorganize the layout,” Shi Feng said and nodded a greeting. Although he wore a Black Cloak, he had personally contracted the arena’s ten advanced managers. They could recognize him even under the cloak.

“Understood.” Judy bowed and left.

NPCs were incredibly efficient. After just a short moment, Shi Feng, who had waited in a VIP reception room, obtained the blueprint for the Battle Arena’s seventh floor.

A portion of the seventh floor was allocated for tournament grounds, while another portion had been allocated for private rooms. However, after Stone Forest Town’s upgrade to Intermediate rank, the Battle Arena had grown. As a result, there were quite a few vacant private rooms. It just so happened that he could modify these rooms, creating advanced combat rooms.

Originally, the Evil God’s Tablet had only covered a 50-yard-radius area. However, after its upgrades, it now covered a 100-yard-radius area. As long as he remodeled the seventh floor’s layout, he could easily fit multiple combat rooms within the Evil God’s Tablet’s coverage and allow players to train against the illusory creatures.

“Guild Leader, if you wish to remodel the seventh floor in such a way, not only will it involve a lot of work, but it will also waste a lot of space. The remodel will cost 1,000 Gold. Are you sure you want to do this?” Judy asked upon seeing Shi Feng’s new layout.

Minor modifications to large buildings in God’s Domain didn’t cost extra. A large-scale modification, however, required the appropriate modification fees.

“It’s fine. Just get someone to see to the necessary changes.” The high reconstruction cost didn’t particularly surprise Shi Feng.

Although he would be wasting a lot of space by trying to maximize the Evil God’s Tablet’s efficiency, he could squeeze in nine combat rooms around the tablet by doing so. Overall, it was a worthwhile trade.

With this, he could maximize the number of players who could train against the illusory creatures.

When Shi Feng had observed the first-floor hall, he had noticed that the majority of experts there were only Level 41 or 42, and they mainly wore Secret-Silver and Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment. There were very few expert players in Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment.

This was due to the limited benefits for experts of that caliber, yet those were the players with a lot of resources to spend.

Now that he had the Evil God’s Tablet’s illusory space, this was a good opportunity to lure more top experts to the Battle Arena.

Although Shi Feng had thought of limiting the illusory space to Guild members, a Guild needed more than just experts to develop.

If he could lure to experts to the Battle Arena and secure the resources in their possession, he could push the Guild’s development speed to a whole new level.

Shortly after Shi Feng started the seventh floor’s remodel, news of the matter spread throughout Stone Forest Town.

“Huh? They’re not letting people on the seventh floor? What’s going on?”

“No idea. I’ve heard that some of the experts resting on that floor were requested to leave for a while. It seems that Zero Wing is remodeling the area.”

“Remodeling the seventh floor? Are they constructing more combat rooms?”

“That might be possible. Members hadn’t needed to line up for combat rooms in the past, but that had changed. If Zero Wing constructed more member-only combat rooms, it could reduce the time members have to wait in line.”

The players waiting in the Battle Arena began to discuss the new changes.

While everyone chatted about the situation, the seventh-floor remodel completed. Remodeling too far less time than constructing a building as the task was completed by NPCs. Altogether, only ten minutes had passed since Shi Feng had paid the fees.

Curious players rushed to the seventh floor to inspect the changes. Upon taking a look, however, they were shocked.

While it was true that Zero Wing had constructed more combat rooms, the number had surprised everyone.

The Guild had only constructed nine combat rooms…

Moreover, these nine rooms occupied as much space as 20-plus combat rooms on the sixth floor.

In addition, players could choose a new type of combat room at the first-floor counters: the advanced combat room. Moreover, only Battle Arena members had access, and the rental price was ridiculously high.

Renting one advanced combat room for 30 minutes cost two Magic Crystals!

Players had already griped about the 4 Silver per hour rental fees for ordinary combat rooms, yet Zero Wing had created a room that cost two Magic Crystals for a single half hour. Currently, each Magic Crystal cost 25 Silver on the market. However, players normally had to spend 26 or more Silver to purchase one.

“Is Zero Wing trying to rob players?!”

“Crap! This is fraud! Only an idiot would rent such a combat room!”

“Zero Wing is insane! If I had that kind of money, I’d rather spend it in the Divine Colosseum’s Trial Tower!”