Chapter 1381 - Town Competition

Chapter 1381 – Town Competition

As Shi Feng’s battle video spread on the forums, the news shook Star-Moon Kingdom. The battle’s outcome particularly affected the various major powers based in the kingdom.

Zero Wing’s position as Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild had been unshakable, but no one had expected Heaven’s Burial to rise so quickly. Red Iron Town’s development had exceeded everyone’s expectations.

Although players understood that Red Iron Town would develop quickly due to its Auction House, they hadn’t expected this level of speed.

In just one day, the cheap fees had lured over 300,000 players to consign and purchase items in Red Iron Town’s Auction House. Many super-rare items had even been placed on auction, attracting more independent experts and members of the various large Guilds. At this point, the town’s Auction House was far more popular than those in ordinary NPC cities.

If Red Iron Town’s Auction House continued to develop at this rate, it wouldn’t be long before it rivaled Star-Moon City’s Auction House. Heaven’s Burial’s income from processing fees alone would be astronomical.

Heaven’s Burial’s financial strength might even grow to rival, or even surpass, Zero Wing.

Rather than a single party ruling over the kingdom, Star-Moon Kingdom’s various powers would prefer two powerful forces vying for lordship. This way, weaker powers like themselves could thrive in secret. However, after witnessing Shi Feng exterminate so many powerful Evil Demons, they were at a loss.

“Not only is Black Flame powerful, but he even has a long-distance teleportation tool! This is ludicrous!”

“Heaven’s Burial will be in trouble after losing so many Evil Demons. I’ve heard that these Evil Demons are incredibly difficult to nurture. Since Black Flame can also teleport over long distances, Heaven’s Burial will find it much more difficult to cause trouble in Stone Forest Town.”

“That’s right! Some players had given up on Stone Forest Town thanks to the Evil Demons, but now that Black Flame has devastated their numbers, Heaven’s Burial won’t attack so casually in the future. People will start visiting Stone Forest Town again to train in the Battle Arena.”

As the various major powers recovered from their shock of seeing Shi Feng’s strength, Heaven’s Burial’s upper echelons, who were in the distant Frozen Scar, received the news.

“Guild Leader, the Ghost Shadow Legion has suffered grievous losses. Among the 600 members dispatched, less than 300 made it out alive. The Evil Demon army that Beast Emperor gave us suffered even greater losses. Of the two Grand Lords and dozen or so Great Lords we received, Black Flame killed them all…” Daybreak Fog reported, an ugly expression on her face.

The Ghost Shadow Legion was one of Heaven’s Burial’s trump card legions. Now that so many of its members had died, the lost weapons and equipment would burden the Guild’s finances. Moreover, it would take quite some time to catch up those members’ levels.

“I really underestimated Black Flame, but he won’t be able to stay complacent for much longer. As long as we take down the Frost King, so what if Stone Forest Town recovers to its peak? Moreover, Beast Emperor has nearly completed his quest. Just ignore Zero Wing for now,” Singular Burial said nonchalantly.

“I guess you’re right. It’s already too late for Zero Wing to do anything.” Daybreak Fog giggled as she directed her gaze towards the giant on the frozen throne inside the shrine.

This giant was none other than the Boss Star-Moon Kingdom’s various major powers vied for.

The Frost King!

…

Meanwhile, Stone Forest Town, Shi Feng received a call from Melancholic Smile shortly after returning to the Guild Residence.

“Guild Leader, you must be crazy! You dealt with all those Evil Demons by yourself! If Vice Guild Leader Aqua finds out about this, she’ll give me a lashing!” Melancholic Smile complained, glaring at Shi Feng with resentment. “Vice Guild Leader Snow has even called to ask me about the matter.”

The Guild Leader had gone into such a dangerous situation by himself. On the off chance that something had happened to Shi Feng, Zero Wing’s reputation would be wounded.

“Haven’t I returned?” Shi Feng asked, chuckling. “They would have noticed if I mobilized a large group. We would never have achieved such results.”

Although Shi Feng had considered taking reinforcements with him, when he recalled the spies in the Guild, he decided to go alone. He had also wanted to see how much he had improved.

Melancholic Smile saw the reasoning in Shi Feng’s explanation. Now that Zero Wing was Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild, it would be a lie to say that the other Guilds within the kingdom had not sent spies to infiltrate their Guild. In fact, even Zero Wing had sent its own spies to some of the noteworthy large Guilds.

Even if Zero Wing’s management were secure, it was impossible to contain all information.

It was also precisely because of Shi Feng’s ambush that Zero Wing once more stood in the limelight, becoming a hot topic on the kingdom’s official forums. Moreover, Stone Forest Town had begun to show signs of revitalizing, the tense atmosphere left over from the siege evaporating. Many of the town’s players discussed the event, livening up the town.

The Candlelight Trading Firm also saw a significant increase in the number of players inquiring about Stone Forest Town’s private housing.

“Right, how are the private houses and Shops I asked you to build coming along?” Shi Feng asked.

Before he had left for the Mourning Battlefield, he had tasked Melancholic Smile with managing Stone Forest Town’s affairs. This way, Blackie and Aqua Rose could take care of their Promotion Quests without worry.

“They’re complete. However, we’ve constructed them so far away from the central area. Will players really want to purchase them?” Melancholic Smile asked, confused.

Logically, one would construct private houses and Shops near a town’s business district.

Yet, Shi Feng had told her to build them very far away from the Candlelight Trading Firm and the Adventurer’s Association. To adventurer teams and merchant players, this would be inconvenient.

“It’ll be fine.” Shi Feng nodded.

“Guild Leader, regarding the surveillance you requested on Heaven’s Burial, based on the information we’ve received, it seems that the Guild is making progress in the Frozen Scar. We’re not sure how far they’ve reached, but based on our estimates, they’ll read the Frost King in the next few days. And due to their Auction House, Red Iron Town has attracted many players.

“I’ve heard that quite a few top adventurer teams from neighboring kingdoms have agreed to garrison in Red Iron Town.

“I’m afraid that it won’t be long before Red Iron Town’s popularity surpasses Stone Forest Town…”

Melancholic Smile felt powerless as she watched Red Iron Town’s development speed. Due to the town’s potential, many merchant players had allied with the town.

“Auction House?” Shi Feng revealed a faint smile. He then told Melancholic Smile, “This is a good opportunity. Send me 100 architects. It’s about time Heaven’s Burial had a wake-up call.”