Chapter 1389 - Gathering From All Sides

Chapter 1389 – Gathering from All Sides

After Shi Feng gave his command, Melancholic Smile promptly began contacting the relevant players. When everyone heard that they were being called upon by Shi Feng, they immediately dropped what they were doing and rushed back to the Guild Residence. Meanwhile, Shi Feng also took out a Return Scroll and traveled back to Zero Wing’s Residence in White River City.

If it were simply an ordinary Mutant, Shi Feng would not have bothered gathering so many players. After all, a newly born Mutant would only receive a small boost to their intellect and combat power. Given the minor level difference this time, he would only require a little effort to kill it.

However, the Frost King was a slightly special Boss. As the Final Boss of the Frozen Scar, the Frost King possessed the Innate Skill Frozen World that no other monster possessed.

Although Frozen World was only a Tier 3 Domain Skill, due to it being the Innate Skill of a Final Boss, it possessed effects rivaling that of a Tier 4 Domain Skill. The Skill covered a 1,500-yard radius, and players caught within range of Frozen World would have not only their Basic Attributes but also their Skills and Stamina forcibly weakened. Moreover, the more players there were fighting against the Frost King, the greater the Boss’s strength would become.

Due to these reasons, despite being only a Grand Lord, the Frost King’s raid difficulty was not one bit lower than a Tier 4 Mythic monster’s. After factoring in the severe environment, the Frost King might even be more difficult to raid than a Mythic monster.

Players who did not possess the appropriate countermeasures would definitely get annihilated by the Frost King.

After returning to the Guild Residence in White River City, Shi Feng quickly made his way to the Guild’s Warehouse. Without hesitation, he retrieved 1,000-plus bottles of Sea God’s Blessing as well as the Ancient Weather Book.

With these items, he would have the qualifications to raid the Frost King.

Right then, Melancholic Smile contacted Shi Feng and said, “Guild Leader, everyone’s already assembled at the Residence. They are ready to move out at any moment.”

“Okay.” Shi Feng immediately left the Warehouse.

Currently, Zero Wing’s main force, the Dark Gods Legion, and the selected reserve members were gathered inside Zero Wing’s Residence in White River City. Even the lowest-leveled player among them was Level 43, while the majority were Level 45. Meanwhile, even the most inferior piece of equipment found on these players was at the Level 40 Fine-Gold standard. As for the main force members, practically every one of them was fully equipped in Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment. To ordinary players, this could already be considered a set of divine equipment.

As the thousand-plus players waited before the Guild Hall, the intense aura they radiated stupefied the prospective applicants lined up outside the Residence as well as the passersby on the street.

When Zero Wing’s members saw Shi Feng walking over, they immediately dropped their conversations and stood at attention, looking at Shi Feng with eyes filled with excitement.

Although they had yet to hear the reason why Shi Feng had called them here, they could mostly guess that it had something to do with the suddenly mutated Frost King. By this time, information about the Frost King was no longer a secret, as many large Guilds had already organized their own armies and were hurrying over to the Frozen Scar.

“All of you, come collect your Sea God’s Blessing from me! Each person gets one bottle!” Shi Feng said as he sent a glance at everyone. “Also, send your personal data to me.”

The combat method of a 1,000-man team was different from that of a 100-man team. Hence, before starting an operation, one needed to reorganize the team’s formations. Otherwise, it would be very easy for chaos to ensue in battle.

Following which, Shi Feng spent roughly 20 minutes assigning specific roles to everyone in the team. As for the newly minted Dark Gods members, he also granted them the Berserk Skill Power of Darkness. Now, Power of Darkness had already become much stronger than an ordinary Berserk Skill.

“Alright, everyone, move out! Our destination is the Frozen Scar!” Shi Feng said after seeing everyone already ready to go.

Following which, everyone got on their Mounts and followed Shi Feng’s Demonic Flame Tiger to the Teleportation Hall. When the players on the street saw this lineup, they promptly stepped aside to give way to Zero Wing’s members. Meanwhile, when the members of other Guilds looked at the majestic Thunder Wolves Zero Wing’s members rode on, they could not help growing envious.

…

At an open plain at the Frozen Scar, a horde of players was currently gathered, their numbers easily exceeding 100,000. These players were all members of various large Guilds in Star-Moon Kingdom. As for independent players, they could only look at these Guild players from the Frozen Scar’s entrance. They did not dare to approach these Guilds at all, afraid of getting caught in the crossfire of the competition between these Guilds.

After all, among the Guilds present, even the Guild that dispatched the fewest members to this place had over 2,000 members, while some of the more powerful Guilds had sent over 6,000 members. In front of these Guilds, the 100-man teams formed by independent players like themselves were like specks of dust.

“Is there a need to mobilize such a force just to take down one Boss?” Many independent players were perplexed as they watched the constant stream of Guilds entering the Frozen Scar.

Previously, the various large Guilds had not been particularly enthusiastic about raiding the Frost King. Only a few powerful Guilds had been seen actually trying to reach the Frost King.

Yet, now, after word spread that the Frost King had become stronger, rather than decrease, the number of Guilds aiming for the King’s head had increased instead.

“Don’t you know? The various large Guilds did not try to raid the Frost King before because the Boss lived at the central area of the Frozen Scar. You need very high Ice Resistance if you want to survive there. However, the Frost King has already left the central area. Based on what I’ve heard, it seems that the Frost King is currently headed in our direction. Now that the raid difficulty has decreased significantly, the various large Guilds naturally won’t let go of this opportunity,” a player knowledgeable about the situation explained.

Just as everyone was having a hushed discussion among themselves, another large group of players arrived at the Frozen Scar’s entrance. The players numbered so many that they very nearly clogged up the entire entrance.

“Quick, look! The Star Alliance and Heaven’s Burial have arrived! They’ve brought along so many members!”

“They must’ve dispatched at least 10,000 members!”

“Ten thousand? What a lowball! From what I heard from one of Heaven’s Burial’s internal members, it seems that Heaven’s Burial has dispatched 20,000 members to take down the Frost King this time. As for the Star Alliance, they’ve dispatched 24,000 members. I really wonder, which Guild will get the Frost King in the end?”

…

“Guild Leader Galaxy, what a rare opportunity to meet you here. I never thought that you would take charge of the legion sent to raid the Frost King this time,” Singular Burial said, feeling slightly surprised as he looked at Galaxy Past, who rode on a large war bear.

At this moment, Galaxy Past was geared in silver armor engraved with golden, divine runes, and carried a purple, lightning-clad greatsword on his back. He also did not bother hiding the Epic glow effects of his breastplate and greatsword. As for Galaxy Past himself, he had already reached Level 45, and his body radiated a chilling aura. Compared to the Galaxy Past Singular Burial knew before, the current Galaxy Past was like a completely different person.

Previously, as Singular Burial had been entirely focused on surpassing Zero Wing, he had neglected to pay attention to the Star Alliance. In addition, the Star Alliance had kept a low profile for quite a long time, only developing itself peacefully and not participating in any Guild battles. Singular Burial never expected that after not seeing Galaxy Past for some time, the latter would actually become so powerful that even Singular Burial himself felt threatened by him.

Moreover, Galaxy Past wasn’t the only person that had changed. The Elementalist Red Feather, the Ranger Flourishing Willow, and the Elementalist Purple Eye had all become a lot stronger. Like Galaxy Past, they were also Level 45, and every one of them gave off a very dangerous feeling.

“Haven’t you personally come here as well, in order to gain Evernight City’s Reputation and status, Guild Leader Burial?” Galaxy Past countered, chuckling as he glanced askance at Singular Burial.

“Why don’t our two Guilds join hands and clear out the other Guilds present? Afterwards, we’ll rely on our own capabilities to compete for the Frost King. How about it?” Singular Burial suggested as he looked at the other Guilds in the distance that were currently getting ready to tackle the Frost King.

“Guild Leader Burial, while your suggestion indeed sounds good, allow me to refuse on behalf of the Star Alliance. In my opinion, the more, the merrier.” Galaxy Past immediately turned down Singular Burial’s offer. “If Guild Leader Burial doesn’t have anything else to say, we’ll go ahead to start making our own preparations.”

Saying so, Galaxy Past led the Star Alliance’s members towards the plains.

“Guild Leader, what’s up with Galaxy Past? Why do I feel as if he has transformed into a completely different person?” Daybreak Fog asked, surprise coloring her face as she watched Galaxy Past and the other members of the Star Alliance walk away.

“I don’t know. However, we’d best pay more attention to the Star Alliance in the future,” Singular Burial said, shaking his head. Although the Star Alliance had transformed remarkably, Singular Burial was still confident of claiming the kill on the Frost King. His previous offer to clear out the other Guilds was simply an attempt to probe the Star Alliance’s strength. In reality, it did not matter to him whether the other Guilds took part in the competition or not. “Alright, let’s go get ready ourselves.”

Daybreak Fog nodded in response and commanded the army forward.

Just as the various large Guilds were quietly waiting for the Frost King’s arrival, another batch of white lights appeared at the entrance of the Regional Dungeon, signifying the arrival of yet another group of players. The moment these players appeared, the many independent players crowding the entrance could not help but turn around to take a look at these newcomers.

The reason for such a reaction was the powerful aura they felt coming from these players. Every one of these players exuded an aura that made the onlookers shudder. Meanwhile, the exquisiteness of these players’ equipment was also off the charts. Moreover, every one of these players sat on Mounts, and they moved like a well-trained army. Compared to them, the previous Guild armies seemed more like a bunch of rabble.

“It’s Zero Wing! Zero Wing has come as well!”