Chapter 1384 - Empire Ranking

Chapter 1384 – Empire Ranking

Players in the main hall of Stone Forest Town’s Battle Arena voiced their dissent. Many complained about the advanced combat room’s price. They all felt that Zero Wing was asking for too much, and only a fool would willingly rent these rooms.

Independent players weren’t the only ones upset. Even Zero Wing’s members gasped when they saw the price.

Two Magic Crystals could only get them 30 minutes inside the advanced combat room!

Even Zero Wing’s core members were reluctant to pay such a price, much less the elite and normal members.

Everyone thought that this price was simply outrageous and no one wanted to rent the rooms.

While PvP and training combat techniques in a high Mana density environment was beneficial, there was a limit to how much one could actually gain.

When Shi Feng heard the conversations in the Guild chat, he simply chuckled. He then took a Return Scroll from his bag and activated it, intending to return to White River City for now.

While his asking price of two Magic Crystals was astonishingly high, and even he thought it was expensive, the Divine Colosseum’s Trial Tower only charged one Magic Crystal. However, his illusory space offered a stronger training ground than the Trial Tower. Not only was the Mana density much higher, but players could also spar with an illusory creature that possessed the same Skill set. The illusory creature could also execute said Skills with a 100% Completion Rate. No matter how he looked at it, the illusory space was far better than the Trial Tower.

He planned to take the gamble. If no one wanted to rent the advanced combat rooms after realizing the benefits, he could lower the price to one Magic Crystal.

He had left the Evil God’s Tablet and advanced combat rooms’ management to Judy. She would automatically activate the Illusory space when players entered the combat rooms.

Thirty seconds later, Shi Feng transformed into a streak of white light and left the Battle Arena.

…

A man and woman entered the Battle Arena’s lively first-floor hall. Both were exquisitely dressed, Level 43 players. As they entered the hall, they immediately attracted a lot of attention.

“Hm? Aren’t they Remnant Cloud and Graceful Moon, the commander and vice commander of Firecloud Fox?” A Level 41 Shield Warrior in silver armor immediately recognized the two people that just entered the building. “What’s an adventurer team from the Black Dragon Empire doing here?”

“It shouldn’t be so surprising. After all, several experts from the Black Dragon Empire have trained in the Battle Arena before. Those experts are pretty high ranked in the empire, some even ranking among the top 100. Those two are probably here to prepare for the empire’s ranking battle tomorrow,” a Level 42 Elementalist wearing purple robes said.

“I see!” Realization dawned on the Shield Warrior. “If I remember correctly, Firecloud Fox barely got into the top 50 adventurer teams in the Black Dragon Empire’s last ranking battle. It’s a pity that the team wasn’t quite strong enough. If Remnant Cloud could rank among the top 50 of his own class, he might be able to push Firecloud Fox into the top 50 this time.”

“That’s highly unlikely. Various superpowers recently debuted newcomers that they’ve been nurturing internally to contest for the top ten newcomers in God’s Domain. First-rate Guilds will also dispatch some of their geniuses for the competition. Since the ranking battles are such a good opportunity to gain combat experience, why would these new talents pass it by?” the purple-robed Elementalist said, shaking his head. “Just keeping their spot among the top 100 will already be impressive, let alone the top 50.”

“Developing in an empire is awesome. The Secret Pavilion only holds these battles from time to time in the empires. Players residing in these empires get to watch the battles, too. On the other hand, the Secret Pavilion hasn’t once hosted such a competition in Star-Moon Kingdom,” the silver-armored Shield Warrior said, sighing.

“It can’t be helped. God’s Domain is just too big. Keeping up with the various empire’s statistics is already challenging. Moreover, hosting such competitions costs a lot of resources. Even the Secret Pavilion can’t afford to keep track of experts in the various kingdoms. Though, that might not be the case in the future.” While the purple-robed Elementalist sighed in dejection as well, he also held a hint of hope.

Generally, only local players got to watch the Secret Pavilion’s ranking competitions. After all, the competition venue could only hold a limited number of people. The Secret Pavilion usually only invite active, well-known players, adventurer teams, and large Guilds within the hosting empire. Adventurer teams and players from other countries weren’t invited.

…

“The advanced combat room’s rent is so expensive! And only one person can use it at a time! Commander, let’s just settle for the ordinary combat rooms,” Graceful Moon exclaimed when she saw the prices.

Although she could afford the room, two Magic Crystals for 30 minutes of training was ridiculous no matter how she looked at it.

“Let’s give the advanced combat rooms a try. In any case, we’re just here to test out the effects of the town’s Mana density. If we go for the ordinary combat rooms, I’m afraid we’ll have to wait a long time before our turn. We don’t have that much time to waste right now,” Remnant Cloud said, shaking his head. He turned to the NPC behind the counter and said, “I’ll rent two advanced combat rooms.”

“Alright. The total cost is 4 Magic Crystals,” the NPC beauty responded with a smile.

Following which, Remnant Cloud paid four Magic Crystals and received two purple crystals in return. The purple crystals were keys to the corresponding combat rooms.

After receiving the keys, Remnant Cloud and Graceful Moon approached the staircase. Unlike other players, they didn’t need to wait in the rest area for their turn, and many players looked on with envy.

Only, when these players remembered the 2-Magic-Crystal cost, they shook their heads and gave up on the notion of renting an advanced combat room.

…

Meanwhile, Shi Feng had arrived in White River City. After leaving the Teleportation Hall, he made his way to the library.

Due to an unexpected situation, he had been forced to delay his plan of asking Sharlyn about the pitch-black ring. Now that the Evil Demon problem plaguing Stone Forest Town had been dealt with, he had to visit the woman. After all, if not even Omniscient Eyes could appraise the pitch-black ring, the ring’s origin must be extraordinary.

After riding an advanced horse carriage for ten minutes or so, Shi Feng reached White River City’s library.

However, the scene before the library had changed drastically.

Due to White River City’s promotion, the library’s appearance had become far more majestic. The guards standing by the main entrance had also been upgraded, now Level 180, Tier 2 Knights.

Upon entering the library, Shi Feng felt a distinct change to the building’s Mana density. It would now be far easier to learn and train Spells here than outside. Hence, far more magical-class players occupied the building.

Shi Feng did not waste too much time in the first-floor hall, quickly making his way to the library’s top floor.

Upon reaching the top floor, like his previous visit, Shi Feng felt as if he had just sunk into a muddy swamp. He wasn’t comfortable. When he entered the Star-Moon Hall, Sharlyn sat at a table, quietly reading an ancient book as she usually did. She gave off an indescribable sense of intimacy and tranquility.

“It seems your promotion has gone smoothly. You’ve made it back so quickly.” When Sharlyn saw Shi Feng enter the hall, she scrutinized him. A moment later, she smiled and said, “Well? Out with it. Why have you come this time?”

“Lady Sharlyn, I’d like your help in appraising an item,” Shi Feng answered straightforwardly. “This item is very special, and I cannot even inspect it with my Omniscient Eyes.”

“Even your Omniscient Eyes appraise it?” Sharlyn was slightly astonished. Setting her book on the table, she continued, “That is interesting. Let me have a look.”

Following which, Shi Feng revealed the pitch-black ring he had obtained from the Ancient Treasure Chest.