Chapter 1386 - Demon Ruler

Chapter 1386 – Demon Ruler

What powerful Mana!

Shi Feng was astonished as he stared at the floating Bible of Darkness.

Although the Bible of Darkness had previously exuded a powerful pressure, there was a world of difference when compared to the pressure it radiated now. Moreover, a layer of thick, black fog shrouded the book. The power of darkness was now so dense that he could see it with the naked eye…

Meanwhile, Sharlyn, who was very pale, lightly waved her hand. In the blink of an eye, the floating Bible of Darkness appeared in Shi Feng’s hands.

“Alright, I can only repair it to this extent. Whether or not you can repair the Bible of Darkness to its peak will depend on your luck and tenacity. As for Moloch’s Ring, try not to use it unless absolutely necessary as it will only accumulate more power of darkness.”

After saying so, Sharlyn waved her staff. Suddenly, Shi Feng’s world spun. Before he knew it, he had appeared in the plaza outside of the Stargazing Tower. His abrupt appearance attracted a lot of attention.

Isn’t she too quick to chase people away?

Shi Feng smiled bitterly as he surveyed his surroundings and noticed hundreds of people staring at him greedily. Fortunately, he was wearing a Black Cloak, so his identity remained a secret.

Following which, Shi Feng stored the Bible of Darkness and took out a Guild Transfer Scroll.

In Blackwing City’s plaza, the players watching Shi Feng easily recognized the Bible of Darkness as an extraordinary item. However, when they saw Shi Feng’s Transfer Scroll, they ground their teeth in anger. Since attacking a player in Blackwing City would result in extremely severe punishment, they could only watch as this mysterious player departed from Blackwing City.

…

Stone Forest Town, Zero Wing’s Residence:

As soon as Shi Feng returned, he found an empty room to inspect the Bible of Darkness.

–

[Bible of Darkness] (Fragmented Legendary Item)

The Bible of Darkness had been destroyed during the Great Destruction. However, the Bible contains an extreme amount of Power of Darkness. If one can gather the other fragments, they can restore the Bible’s power, gaining dominance over all Demonic Creatures and become the Lord of Demons.

Skill 1:

Demon Summoning: Summons the Demon Gate with the Power of Darkness, calling forth a random Demon that is no higher than 1 Tier and 15 Levels than the summoner (Maximum Tier cannot exceed Tier 5). Holder of the Bible of Darkness can command the summoned Demon for up to 6 hours.

Cooldown: 2 hours 30 minutes

Skill 2:

Gate of Darkness: Allows teleportation to the Dark Den. Can also be used in the Dark Den to teleport to the outside world. Can teleport a maximum of 20 people at a single time.

Cooldown: 1 day

Skill 3:

Light of Darkness: Strengthen a player with the Power of Darkness, allowing said player to wield the Power of Darkness. Can strengthen up to a maximum of 1200 people. Every player strengthened provides one Source of Darkness to the wielder of the Bible of Darkness.

Skill 4:

Power of Darkness: Fill your body with the Power of Darkness, increasing all Attributes by 100%, decreasing Cooldown of all Skills by 30%, and increase damage by 50%. Duration will be equal to number of Source of Darkness*0.5 seconds. (Power of Darkness cannot stack. Can only strengthen players up to a maximum of Tier 5 classes)

Cooldown: 6 hours

Skill 6:

Demon Ruler:

Passive effect – Increases the Attributes of Demonic Creatures under user’s control by 30%. Forcibly decreases the Attributes of all enemy Demon Creatures within a 1,000-yard radius by 30%.

Active effect – When activated, there is a 10% chance to control a Demon Creature that is no higher than 2 Tiers and 30 Levels than the user for 2 hours. Can control up to Tier 5 creatures. Can control up to a maximum of three creatures at a time.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

–

This book can truly give its user the power to rule over Demons.

Shi Feng was ecstatic as he read the tome’s Attribute Panel.

With these Attributes, the Bible of Darkness was on par with a Legendary item, yet it was only Fragmented Legendary rank.

With the shortened Cooldown for Demon Summoning, it was now possible to summon three Demons at a time. This would be of great help on his future quests. Meanwhile, with the Demon Ruler Skill, he could potentially control up to six Demons at a time.

If he could restore the Bible of Darkness to its peak, he could form a powerful Demon army. His army would be no weaker than Beast Emperor’s Evil Demon forces. Moreover, he’d still be an ally of the human race.

Now that the maximum number of people I can grant Power of Darkness to has increased from 600 to 1,200, I can use this opportunity to expand the Dark Gods Legion.

Shi Feng thought as he read the Light of Darkness Skill.

As Zero Wing continued to expand, its number of experts continued to increase. However, due to the previous limit of Light of Darkness, he couldn’t have more than 500 people in the Dark Gods Legion. Now, however, he could have a true 1,000-man legion. Moreover, the Bible of Darkness’s repair had also upgraded the Berserk Skill, Power of Darkness’s effects.

When he thought about arming a 1,000-man legion with Berserk Skills, he could not help but shiver with excitement.

Even ten years after God’s Domain’s launch, Berserk Skills had been incredibly rare. Not every expert would have a chance to learn one. It’d be impressive enough if a first-rate Guild had a 100-man berserk team. Not even Super Guilds could form a 1,000-man berserk legion.

As Shi Feng was about to select new members for the Dark Gods Legion, he received a call from Gentle Snow.

“Guild Leader, I’ve just received an invitation from the Secret Pavilion. The Secret Pavilion has requested that you and several core upper echelons spectate tomorrow’s ranking competition in the Black Dragon Empire. Moreover, the Pavilion has given Zero Wing five participation slots. We can join the official competition without going through the qualifiers,” Gentle Snow reported before forwarding the invitation to Shi Feng.

“They’ve invited Zero Wing to participate in the ranking competition as well?” Shi Feng was slightly astonished.

The Secret Pavilion’s ranking competitions had been the most famous competitions throughout God’s Domain in the past. They were one of the few major competitions that players had access to and could watch.

However, the organization wouldn’t invite just any Guild to participate. The Secret Pavilion only invited large, local Guilds. Moreover, due to the venue’s capacity, a limited number of Guilds were invited to spectate. Usually, the Secret Pavilion only prepared slots for 100 Guilds. Among the Guilds invited, the weakest were second-rate Guilds. Other local Guilds would then contest for the leftover slots.

As this ranking competition was the best opportunity for a Guild to increase their renown in an empire, an intense competition among the local third-rate Guilds would break out before every event.

Unfortunately, as both God’s Domain’s size and player population were too massive, it was unrealistic to hold the ranking competitions in every country. Hence, during the game’s early stages, the Secret Pavilion only limited the ranking competitions to the various empires. However, as the Secret Pavilion continued to develop and grow stronger, it would host a few events in some of the more powerful kingdoms.

These ranking competitions were also why Shi Feng knew about various experts in Star-Moon Kingdom and the various empires.

Shi Feng had never thought that his Guild would be invited as well.

However, after giving the matter some thought, he found it reasonable. Zero Wing already had a Branch Guild in the Black Dragon Empire. In addition, Zero Wing was Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild. It wasn’t unusual for the Guild to receive an invitation.

“Guild Leader, this is a good chance for Zero Wing to increase its fame in the Black Dragon Empire. As this is our first invitation and you’re our Guild Leader, you have to attend,” Gentle Snow said seriously.

There were too many large Guilds in the Black Dragon Empire, and quite a few first-rate Guilds would be participating in the competition. The first-rate Guild, Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion would also attend.

Developing in the Black Dragon Empire wasn’t easy for Zero Wing.

Now that the various top-ranking Guilds in the empire would gather in one location, this was a good opportunity to display Zero Wing’s strength. Although the Guild Leader couldn’t participate, he was still the symbol of strength for a Guild. It would be a huge waste if Shi Feng missed the event.