Chapter 1397 - Zero Wing Takes Action

Chapter 1397 – Zero Wing Takes Action

The players near the Frozen Scar’s entrance were confused as they watched Zero Wing’s members approach the Frost King.

Every one of these players had seen for themselves how powerful the Frost King was.

Not only did the Boss have a Domain that could suppress his enemies’ Attributes, but he also possessed frightening, destructive power. Current players had no hope against this monster. Not even the most common zerg tactics had any effect on the Frost King, much less a measly army of 1,000 players.

Even Level 44 Shield Warriors with over 40,000 HP had died instantly after activating Shield Wall.

If none of their MTs could tank the Frost King, how were they supposed to raid this Boss?

Although Zero Wing’s 1,000-man team was incredibly powerful, that strength was nothing more than a joke before the Frost King.

“Guild Leader, they’re not really trying to raid that thing, are they?” Curiosity overtook Purple Eye as she watched Zero Wing’s army inch closer to the Frost King.

“I don’t know, but Black Flame should be fully aware of the Frost King’s might. He shouldn’t be foolish enough to challenge that Boss. Perhaps he’s trying to gather some intel to prepare for a future raid attempt,” Galaxy Past said, shaking his head. He didn’t understand Zero Wing’s actions, either.

In his opinion, they’d likely need a 1,000-man team of Tier 2 players to kill the Frost King. Trying to raid the Boss with anything less would be futile. Players simply couldn’t fill the gap in strength with numbers.

As everyone’s attention shifted towards Zero Wing, Shi Feng waved his hand. Suddenly, Miniature Ballistas began to appear within the Guild’s army. In the blink of an eye, 50 Miniature Ballistas were organized into five rows. Following which, Zero Wing’s members began to assemble the war weapons.

“Crap! Zero Wing’s using siege weapons to deal with the Frost King?!”

“That’s way too extravagant!”

“Madness! This is madness!”

“Are they not afraid that the Frost King will destroy the Miniature Ballistas?”

The spectating players could not help but gasp as they saw the rows of Miniature Ballistas, unable to believe their eyes. The various large Guilds’ upper echelons were particularly dumbfounded.

Zero Wing was using siege weapons to raid a Field Boss! Not even Super Guilds would dare to be so wasteful. It was just too much of a risk. Even if they killed the Boss with the siege weapons, the losses would far exceed their gains.

Every siege weapon was extremely valuable. Moreover, since these weapons posed a greater threat, monsters almost always targeted them first.

Yet, not only had Zero Wing brung siege weapons to a Field Boss raid, but they had brought 50 Miniature Ballistas in total…

“Just what does Zero Wing intend to do? They’re mobilizing their Guild’s foundations to raid a Boss. Aren’t they worried that other powers will take advantage of the fight and try to rob them?” Purple Eye gaped when she saw the Miniature Ballistas.

While the potential profit of killing the Frost King was quite valuable, it was likely less valuable than 50 Miniature Ballistas. If Zero Wing lost those weapons in battle, it would severely impact the Guild’s overall combat power.

“Do you think that any power remaining in Star-Moon Kingdom would dare steal or destroy those weapons?” Galaxy Past asked, smiling bitterly.

In reality, Zero Wing’s revelation of their siege weapons in this raid was a declaration that it wasn’t afraid of a theft attempt. It was proof of the Guild’s strength.

They had already witnessed Zero Wing’s power, particularly Black Flame’s strength. Black Flame had killed Heaven’s Burial’s Guild Leader amidst an army of thousands of elites. The other members from Heaven’s Burial had only been able to watch helplessly as he took their Guild Leader’s life.

With such strength, who would possibly dare pick a fight with Zero Wing?

To put it bluntly, doing so was suicidal.

It was much different from the attitude Zero Wing had adopted when the weapons and equipment Heaven’s Burial had dropped littered the battlefield. Despite so much precious loot before them, none of the various large Guilds or independent players had dared to claim them.

…

Along with the Miniature Ballistas, Shi Feng had used Demon Summoning and called forth a Level 72, Tier 3 Inferno Demon. Due to Demon Ruler’s effect, the Inferno Demon’s Attributes received a 30% buff, becoming significantly stronger than a normal Tier 3 Demon.

–

[Inferno Demon] (Dark Creature, Demon)

Level 72

HP 33,800,000/33,800,000

–

Shi Feng also summoned Anna.

As a Grand Lord ranked Mutant, the Frost King was even stronger than a Mythic monster of the same level. As a Mutant, its intellect was also quite high. Zerg tactics wouldn’t be effective against this Boss. If they were, the various large Guilds of the past wouldn’t have suffered so many losses to deal with a single Mutant, even going as far as mobilizing siege weapons to exterminate the creature. Not even an army of hundreds of thousands of players could defeat it.

Of course, the Mutants back then had grown over a considerable amount of time. They weren’t like the Frost King, who had just become a Mutant and hadn’t had much time to increase his strength. However, as the Frost King’s initial tier was high, it could even annihilate a 1,000-man team of Tier 2 players if not dealt with properly.

“Guild Leader, the Boss is coming!” a Ranger scout announced.

“Good. Main force, prepare to move. Dark Gods Legion, protect the Miniature Ballistas. Exterminate anyone that dares to approach!” Shi Feng instructed.

“Guild Leader, rest assured; if any Guild or player tries to pull something, we’ll wipe them off the map!” the Dark Gods Legion members guaranteed as they patted their chests.

Saying so, the Dark Gods Legion members spread out around the Miniature Ballistas. A few members took out Magic Array Scrolls for the Double Protection Barrier, constructing a magic barrier around the siege weapons.

Meanwhile, the main force members spread out and charged towards the Frost King.

Due to the Frost King’s Domain, the main force members’ Attributes fell significantly upon entering the Boss’s sphere of influence. Upon sensing the approaching players, the Frost King swung one of his sabers at the crowd.

A streak of blue light swept towards Zero Wing’s MTs.

Just before the blue light struck, a shadow descended from the sky and stood before the MTs. Holding its flaming spear before it, the Inferno Demon blocked the streak of light.

Boom!

The impact immediately threw the Level 72 Inferno Demon over 30 yards, its HP decreasing by over 100,000. The distant spectators gasped when they saw the Frost King’s display of Strength.

What Strength!

Shi Feng was similarly astonished.

Despite blocking the attack, the Inferno Demon had still received so much damage from one casual attack. If not for the Bible of Darkness’s buff, it wouldn’t have lasted long against the Frost King.

Noticing the Boss prepare to launch his second attack, Shi Feng took out the Ancient Weather Book and used Weather Control.

Suddenly, the chilling atmosphere began to warm rapidly as a scorchingly hot sun dominated the sky.

While the Ancient Weather Book didn’t seem to have any practical effect against monsters, the exact opposite was true.

In God’s Domain, players weren’t the only ones affected by their environment. The same was true for monsters. If a monster fought in an environment that ran counter to its nature, the monster’s combat power at least would decrease by half. This was also why the various large Guilds had searched for any Skills or Spells that could affect weather in the past. However, Skills and Spells of this type were even rarer than Curses and Taboo Skills of the same tier. Generally, only superpowers could get their hands on one.

Suddenly, the snowy plains transformed into a burning hellscape. Although players didn’t prefer this fiery environment either, Zero Wing’s members had consumed the Sea God’s Blessing. They could adapt to hot or cold adequately.

In contrast, the Frost King, an ice elemental, was exceedingly uncomfortable. Disregarding Zero Wing’s members, the Frost King turned and attempted to flee the hellscape.

“Stop him! Don’t let him get away! All Ballistas, attack!”

Upon Shi Feng’s command, the assembled Miniature Ballistas launched Exploding Arrows simultaneously.

Xiu… Xiu… Xiu…

A rain of fire descended upon the Frost King, the scene far more spectacular than normal Boss raids.