Chapter 1391 - Monstrous Army

Chapter 1391 – Monstrous Army

As soon as Shi Feng finished speaking, silence descended upon the snowy plains.

“Madness! This is madness! Are they really going to start a fight right now?!”

“This can’t be, right? Does Zero Wing intend to take out all of Heaven’s Burial’s members?”

“Zero Wing isn’t aiming for mutual destruction, right?”

…

For a moment, these players wondered if they had heard wrong. None of them dared to believe that Zero Wing would actually try to deal with Heaven’s Burial right now. The Guild only had a thousand or so members here. Although Zero Wing’s members possessed extraordinary combat power, Heaven’s Burial had plenty of experts as well. A large number of the Guild’s elite members had also tagged along.

Fighting in such an open field was very disadvantageous for the smaller army.

If it really came down to a fight, even Zero Wing would suffer grievous losses.

“Guild Leader, what is Black Flame thinking? Is he actually planning to take on Heaven’s Burial here?” Purple Eye, wearing a set of luxurious mage robes, revealed a confused expression as she looked at the distant Shi Feng. “He’s not joking, right?”

Although the Zero Wing was very powerful, she did not think that the Guild could defeat Heaven’s Burial’s 20,000 members with only 1,000 experts. Not everyone was as powerful as Black Flame. There was a limit to their strength.

“I don’t know, but Singular Burial must be pretty frustrated right now,” Galaxy Past said, smiling faintly as he glanced at the Guild Leader. “Of course, we’ll benefit most from their mutual destruction. Warn our members to stay away when they start fighting. Do not let us get dragged into this.”

“Understood. I’ll notify them right away.” A smile similarly appeared on Purple Eye’s face.

If Zero Wing and Heaven’s Burial started to fight, regardless of who won or lost, neither would be able to compete for the Frost King.

As everyone quietly discussed the situation, Shi Feng turned towards Heaven’s Burial and loudly announced, “Everyone, charge! Leave none of those Heaven’s Burial bastards alive!”

As Shi Feng gave the command, he activated a Guild War Order, locking down the Frozen Scar and preventing anyone from using a Return Scroll. If one wanted to leave the Regional Dungeon, they’d have to walk out with their own power.

“Wonderful! We finally get the chance to teach those Heaven’s Burial punks a lesson!”

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, Zero Wing’s members shifted their gazes towards Heaven’s Burial, excitement flashing in their eyes. Like ferocious beasts released from their cages, they ushered their Mounts forward in unison.

“Has Black Flame lost his mind?” Singular Burial’s expression turned ugly as he watched Zero Wing’s members charge towards his own.

He had never expected Zero Wing to start a fight like this.

All 1,000-plus of these Zero Wing members were experts. Their overall combat power was most likely superior to a 10,000-man elite army.

He had expected some friction between their Guilds before he had arrived in the Frozen Scar. As a preventive measure, he had led an army of 20,000 elites. However, he hadn’t expected Zero Wing to be so reckless to pick a fight at the risk of mutual destruction.

Daybreak Fog frowned as well as she turned to Singular Burial and asked, “Guild Leader, what should we do?”

“Prepare for battle! I refuse to believe that Zero Wing can take us out with only 1,000 members!” Singular Burial was enraged. Now that Zero Wing had made the first move, the Guild would become a laughingstock in the kingdom if Heaven’s Burial fled despite its overwhelming numbers.

Upon Singular Burial’s command, Heaven’s Burial’s members prepared for battle. Shield Warriors and Guardian Knights quickly moved to the front and formed a human wall. As for the ranged classes in the back, they had also readied themselves to attack at a moment’s notice. The Assassins instantly entered stealth, circling to the enemy army’s sides.

The distance between the armies rapidly vanished.

Three hundred yards… Two hundred yards… One hundred yards…

“Begin!” Shi Feng shouted in the team chat.

Suddenly, Zero Wing’s members retrieved bottles of Sea God’s Blessing from their bags, downing the potions and increasing their Basic Attributes and Resistances. They then activated Power of Darkness, increasing their Basic Attributes by another 100%.

Zero Wing’s main force members and Dark Gods Legion members’ Attributes were already impressively high. Now that every one of them had activated a Berserk Skill, their auras resembled those of Lord ranked monsters.

“This… How is this possible?!”

“What?! All of these people have Berserk Skills?!”

The distant spectating players gasped. Berserk Skills were extremely rare in God’s Domain. A large Guild would be fortunate if they secured a few dozen Skill Books. Even first-rate Guilds generally had around 200 or 300 Berserk Skill Books.

These players would be shocked to see Zero Wing have four or five hundred members with Berserk Skills, but all 1,000-plus members had activated these rare buffs. Moreover, it was obvious that these Berserk Skills were extraordinary based on the Guild members’ auras.

While everyone stared in shock, Shi Feng used Space Movement to appear among Heaven’s Burial’s rear-line. He then switched the Aura of Space to the Aura of Fire before turning Flame Domain on Heaven’s Burial’s healers.

Suddenly, a crimson ripple devoured the healers. A towering pillar of fire rose from the ground, flames enveloping a large portion of the enemy’s healing force. Even from the Frozen Scar’s entrance, everyone could see the burning pillar.

The instant the fiery pillar appeared, Heaven’s Burial’s healers turned to ash. They hadn’t even had a chance to flee. In the blink of an eye, over half of Heaven’s Burial’s healers had died…

“Black Flame!” Wrathful flames burned in Singular Burial’s eyes as he glared at Shi Feng. With uncontrolled rage, he shouted, “Everyone, kill him!”

In just one move, the army had lost 1,000 healers. Singular Burial’s heart bled at the sight.

As soon as Flame Domain ended, Shi Feng executed Lightning Edge with his Killing Ray, aiming for the dazed magical class corps. Immediately, countless arcs of lightning left the Sacred Sword, devouring hundreds of magical class players. Only a few expert players reacted quickly enough to activate their Lifesaving Skills, keeping themselves alive.

In just two moves, Shi Feng had killed over 1,500 players…

“This is insane!”

“So, this is Black Flame?”

The jaws of the distant spectating independent players hung as they watched, none of them able to believe their eyes.

The battle had just begun, yet Shi Feng had devastated Heaven’s Burial’s army…

As for the various Guild players, cold sweat drenched their foreheads as they watched the slaughter. They inwardly celebrated the fact that they hadn’t made an enemy of Zero Wing. Black Flame alone would be more than enough to annihilate their Guilds.

“Kill him, quickly!” Singular Burial bellowed as he retrieved the longbow and arrows from his back.

Reacting to Singular Burial’s words, the other members recovered their senses and peppered Shi Feng with a rain of arrows and Spells.

In response, Shi Feng executed Void Steps, vanishing instantly. In the end, none of the attacks had even scratched the man’s cloak. Shi Feng then reappeared beside the healers that had survived the previous AOE attacks. Even without a Berserk Skill, Shi Feng’s Strength was as high as a Great Lord of the same level. As a result, every swing of his blade claimed the life of another healer.

Due to Shi Feng’s interference, Zero Wing’s 1,000-man army reached Heaven’s Burial’s unhindered. These experts proceeded to massacre the other Guild’s members.

Despite Heaven’s Burial’s MTs activating their Lifesaving Skills, they only survived two or three hits before transforming into light particles and disappearing.

Like a meat grinder, Zero Wing’s army devoured Heaven’s Burial’s people. Not even the enemy healers could keep up with their damage.

The other Guilds were stupefied.

How was this even a battle? This was no more than a one-sided massacre.