Chapter 1390 - Settling A Debt

Chapter 1390 – Settling a Debt

Upon Zero Wing’s arrival, the Guild attracted a lot of attention from the independent players crowding the entrance. One team after another appeared, surprising the spectating players more with each arrival.

“Level 45?! How are Zero Wing’s members so high-leveled?! The top 10 players on the Ranking List are only Level 45. By the looks of it, Zero Wing should have at least 400 Level 45 members…”

“Crap! Zero Wing has so many members in Level 40 Dark-Gold Equipment!”

…

Zero Wing’s appearance was truly eye-catching. The Thunder Wolf Guild Mount and six-winged emblem had become famous as Zero Wing’s symbols. As the crowd watched the massive Thunder Wolves, they could not help but drool.

At the moment of purchase, the Thunder Wolves’ Attributes rivaled that of Bronze Mounts despite their Common rank.

Although nurturing Guild Mounts was very difficult, it was obvious that the Thunder Wolf’s growth potential was very high, which would make it easier to nurture. Meanwhile, players could obtain items from the Eclipse Gate that could accelerate their Guild Mount’s growth. Zero Wing’s members were practically guaranteed to nurture their Thunder Wolves to Bronze rank.

Even for elite players, a Bronze Mount was a luxury. They’d have to be lucky to find one.

“Hm? What’s that Mount? Its aura is so powerful!”

“How can such a powerful Mount exist?!”

As Zero Wing’s members continued to arrive, everyone quickly noticed a ferocious, three-meter-tall beast. A pitch-black horn protruded from its head as arcs of white electricity danced around its body, and black flames surrounded its four paws. It was distinctively different from the Thunder Wolf Mounts. Players could even feel this beast’s aura from over 100 yards away. A single glance from this creature made them shudder.

This ferocious beast was like a king among Mounts. The moment it appeared, every other Mount submitted as it stepped aside.

“Wait, look at the rider! The player on that Mount seems to be Black Flame!”

“It really is Black Flame! I never thought he would lead an army here personally. The competition for the Frost King is about to become more interesting.”

“Crap! As expected of the Sword King! He even managed to get his hands on such a Mount. I wonder what rank it is? Since it’s so powerful, could it be an Epic Mount?”

“Black Flame’s capabilities are ridiculous. With such a powerful Mount, he won’t even need to take action to kill an expert player. He can simply let his Mount take care of it.”

Everyone stared at Shi Feng in shock.

A Dark-Gold Mount could, at most, rival a Chieftain of the same level. Although Chieftains were powerful, they were not insurmountable to the players here. However, Shi Feng’s one-horned Mount was clearly more powerful than a Lord ranked monster. At this point, the only explanation was that this Demonic Flame Tiger was an Epic Mount.

An Epic Mount! Even Super Guilds dreamed of obtaining such a creature. Unfortunately, the highest rank they had managed to secure was a Dark-Gold Mount…

These players’ awe for Shi Feng continued to reach new heights.

Of course, these players didn’t know that Shi Feng’s Demonic Flame Tiger had only become this terrifying after he had fed it a Ferocious Beast’s Bloodline Essence.

Although Shi Feng had only brought around 1,000 members to the Frozen Scar, the army’s aura was even more imposing than the Star Alliance and Heaven’s Burial’s forces.

Zero Wing’s appearance had also caused a commotion among the various large Guilds waiting in the plains.

“Guild Leader, what should we do?”

“Zero Wing has dispatched so many experts. On the off chance that they decide to move against us…”

The various large Guilds’ upper echelons and players began to panic as Shi Feng and Zero Wing’s army approached. The Guild Leaders were also on edges.

None of them had expected Zero Wing to join this competition. After all, the Guild hadn’t shown any interest in the Frost King before. Hence, they had come to try their luck and compete for the Frost King’s kill.

None of them were concerned with encountering Heaven’s Burial and the Star Alliance.

But it was a different story if Black Flame showed up…

He had fought in one major war after another, always emerging alive. He was even strong enough to instill fear in experts and an Evil Demon army as both had fled for their lives. For this man, taking a particular player’s life while surrounded by an army of tens of thousands of players was a piece of cake. Furthermore, 1,000 experts accompanied Black Flame. Against such a force, an army of 10,000 elite players was little more than cannon fodder.

“Don’t panic! We have dozens of large Guilds here right now. Zero Wing wouldn’t dare attack any of us if we join hands.”

“That’s right. After all is said and done, a Boss is a public resource. Moreover, we were here first. We should do this on a first-come, first-served basis. Although Zero Wing is Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild, I don’t think it will interfere.”

As Zero Wing approached, the various Guilds began to form temporary alliances. In reality, though, they understood that such an alliance wouldn’t pose any threat to Zero Wing. This was especially true after witnessing Black Flame single-handedly defeat the Evil Demon army. They all knew that attempting to deter Black Flame with numbers was a futile effort.

“Greetings, Guild Leader Black Flame. I am the Assassin’s Alliance’s Guild Leader, Cruel Sword. I am a friend of Zero Wing’s Elder, Ye Feng,” Cruel Sword said as he took the initiative to greet Shi Feng, anxiety and respect filling his voice.

Honestly, Cruel Sword did not want to greet the man.

Although he was the Guild Leader of the Assassin’s Alliance, a second-rate Guild, it was nothing compared to Zero Wing. Moreover, the Assassin’s Alliance mainly operated around White River City. If Zero Wing wished to do so, it could annihilate the Assassin’s Alliance at a moment’s notice.

However, as Cruel Sword had formed a connection with Zero Wing’s Ye Feng some time ago, the various large Guilds had pushed him forward as their representative in any negotiations with the monstrous Guild. Cruel Sword didn’t know whether he wanted to laugh or cry.

“Relax. I won’t do anything to you guys. If you want to compete for the Frost King, do it. Everyone will rely on their own abilities to secure the kill.” Seeing Cruel Sword’s tension, Shi Feng understood why the man had approached him. In this situation, he didn’t mind what the various large Guilds decided to do. After all, getting the Frost King’s first kill was much easier said than done.

However, Shi Feng couldn’t help a rueful sigh when he saw Cruel Sword at Level 43 with a set of silvery armor. The Assassin’s Alliance had been a towering existence to him in the past, but the tables had turned.

Shi Feng found the situation reasonable after giving it some thought. After all, Zero Wing was Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild. Its elite member count alone was over 100,000. The Guild also had more than 1,000 expert players. Their members wore the best weapons and equipment throughout Star-Moon Kingdom. A second-rate Guild simply couldn’t compare.

“Many thanks to Guild Leader Black Flame!” Cruel Sword thanked the man. If Zero Wing intended to chase these Guilds away, they’d have no choice but to leave obediently.

Hearing Shi Feng’s reply, the many upper echelons released a sigh of relief.

“However, I’d like to ask you all to step aside as Zero Wing has a debt to settle with Heaven’s Burial,” Shi Feng added indifferently as he glanced at the Guild’s distant army.