Chapter 1395 - Uproar In Star-Moon Kingdom

Chapter 1395 – Uproar in Star-Moon Kingdom

When Singular Burial collapsed, everyone on the battlefield was dazed.

“He died…”

“How is this possible?!”

“They can’t even escape?”

Everyone’s gaze shifted to Shi Feng. As they looked at the cloaked figure standing among thousands of enemies with one blue and one white sword in hand, they were filled with a sudden reverence.

Shi Feng had charged into the enemy ranks by himself, yet his advance never faltered. Moreover, everywhere he passed, life ceased to exist. Even when he took the life of Heaven’s Burial’s Guild Leader, Heaven’s Burial’s members could only watch, powerless…

Now, this… this was a real expert.

He even killed Singular Burial in such a predicament?

Galaxy Past could not help his astonishment as he watched Singular Burial’s body hit the ground, still holding the Instantaneous Movement Scroll.

Unlike Return Scrolls, Instantaneous Movement Scrolls could be used without an activation process.

Yet, not even Singular Burial had reacted in time to save his own life. One could just imagine how fast Shi Feng was. If it Galaxy Past had been in that position, he had no doubt that he would’ve suffered a similar fate.

“Kill him!” Daybreak Fog bellowed.

Now that quite a few people had already escaped the Forbidden Domain, they could naturally use Skills and tools against Shi Feng. Moreover, Shi Feng stood in the heart of Heaven’s Burial’s army. He had also just used several Skills consecutively, so they should be on Cooldown. They still had a chance to kill this man.

Moreover, Shi Feng had less than half of his HP remaining, which increased their chances of killing him.

Hearing Daybreak Fog’s command, many of Heaven’s Burial’s experts recovered their senses. Some immediately launched powerful Skills and Spells, while some used Magic Scrolls.

Watching these attacks rain down on him, Shi Feng activated Void Shield before dashing towards the nearby experts.

Shi Feng was already fast enough to dodge the majority of the Spells and Skills. Even when targeted by some rare, unavoidable attack, he could rely on his extraordinary senses to block them.

Meanwhile, Void Shield created a shield that had ten times its users’ maximum HP. After activating Power of Darkness, Shi Feng’s HP had broken past the 160,000 threshold. In other words, the shield could absorb over 1,600,000 damage in addition to increasing Shi Feng’s HP recovery rate by 500% and Movement Speed by 100%.

Shi Feng bobbed and weaved, avoiding the ranged attacks. Not only hadn’t his HP decreased, but it had begun to recover at a visible rate.

As Shi Feng passed, the players in his path promptly faded in a shower of sparkles. None of these players could survive his hits. Even the expert players died by the time Shi Feng was within melee range if they didn’t activate a Lifesaving Skill in time.

After a brief moment, hundreds of weapons and equipment joined the battlefield, dropping from Heaven’s Burial’s elites and experts that Shi Feng had killed.

The bloodlust Shi Feng radiated was many times stronger than that of Heaven’s Burial’s experts after they had consumed the Secret Potential Potion. His bloodlust was so intense that Heaven’s Burial’s members shuddered, unconsciously backing away.

They now realized that they hadn’t trapped Shi Feng. Rather, they had jumped into the tiger’s den as an offering.

“Impossible!”

“Is he the incarnation of a God?”

The distant spectating players were stupefied.

As Shi Feng took a step forward, Heaven’s Burial’s members took a step back. They maintained a distance of over 20 yards away from Zero Wing’s leader, not daring to move an inch forward.

Heaven’s Burial’s army consisted of over 10,000 elite members, yet not one of these players dared to charge at Shi Feng…

Seeing this, the various large Guilds in the distance inwardly celebrated. They were thankful that they had never provoked Zero Wing.

“Big Sis Fog, what should we do now?” a core member from Heaven’s Burial asked Daybreak Fog, who currently wore a grim expression. “Do we continue fighting?”

“Fight?” When Daybreak Fog watched Shi Feng walk through Heaven’s Burial’s army as if he were strolling through is own backyard, she could not help but shake her head and order, “Have everyone retreat.”

Shi Feng’s horrific combat power had long since frightened these players; they had lost any will to fight. If Heaven’s Burial continued this battle, it would only result in more casualties.

When Daybreak Fog gave the command to retreat, Heaven’s Burial’s members breathed a sigh of relief as they fled from the battlefield.

However, Shi Feng had no intention of letting Heaven’s Burial go. He led his Guildmates in the continued slaughter. He only gave up the chase after the enemy players left the Frozen Scar.

Meanwhile, recordings of this battle were instantly uploaded to the official forums, the outcome causing an uproar throughout Star-Moon Kingdom.

“Crap! Zero Wing is too strong! It exterminated over half of Heaven’s Burial’s 20,000-man army with just a team of 1,000 players! Who would dare doubt Zero Wing’s strength after this?”

“Now, that is what I call a Swordsman! As expected of the man nicknamed the Sword King by the Secret Pavilion!”

“This won’t do! I must join Zero Wing right away!”

…

For a time, the names ‘Black Flame’ and ‘Zero Wing’ became the focal point of Star-Moon Kingdom once again. Black Flame’s newfound fame inspired many independent players to join Zero Wing, eager to learn some of these combat techniques.

One player had repelled an entire Guild by himself!

No one had ever thought it was possible.

Without a doubt, the Sword King Black Flame was the perfect role model for independent experts. Why wouldn’t they want to join Zero Wing?

…

After the battle in the Frozen Scar ended, all kinds of weapons and equipment decorated the spacious battlefield. Every one of these items was enough to drive an ordinary player mad. These items would even tempt Guild elites, yet despite so many precious items laying on the ground, not a single player dared to approach them. They stood by quietly as Zero Wing’s members looted the battlefield.

“Zero Wing struck gold this time. Those are all items from over 10,000 elite players!” Purple Eye watched Zero Wing’s members jealousy as they collected the weapons and equipment.

Weapons and equipment were vital to a large Guild’s development.

Due to the lack of available weapons and equipment in a large Guild, ordinary members were sometimes forced to stay that way despite having combat standards of an elite member.

Now that Zero Wing had received so many weapons and equipment from Heaven’s Burial, it could nurture another large batch of elites, growing even stronger as a Guild.

…

“Heaven’s Burial’s members sure are wealthy!”

Shi Feng couldn’t help his astonishment as he read the item list his subordinates had compiled.