Chapter 1399 - Horrific Outbreak

Chapter 1399 – Horrific Outbreak

“He blocked the attack by himself?”

An indescribable shock filled the watching players when they saw Shi Feng emerge from the clash unharmed.

They had experienced the Frost King’s Strength personally. The Grand Lord had killed players with activated Berserk Skills as if they were a joke.

Yet, Shi Feng had repulsed the Frost King with a single blow.

Although the Frost King had weakened slightly after finishing off the Inferno Demon with that powerful Skill, players had no hope against its Strength.

“I wonder what Heaven’s Burial’s reaction will be if Zero Wing takes down the Frost King?” Purple Eye mused, smiling bitterly at the repulsed Frost King.

She had hoped that the Star Alliance could use the Frost King to elevate its status in Star-Moon Kingdom. Unfortunately, that plan was no longer feasible.

However, the setbacks the Star Alliance suffered were nothing compared to those of Heaven’s Burial. After overcoming so many challenges to gain an advantage over Zero Wing, not only had Heaven’s Burial failed to hurt the Guild, but it would also lose the advantage of its link between Red Iron Town and Evernight City.

“We can’t underestimate Heaven’s Burial. Although they’ve suffered a miserable defeat here, based on the Secret Pavilion’s report, the Guild has Beast Emperor’s backing. That Beast Emperor fellow has already taken control of several large Guilds—including the top first-rate Guild Overlord Dynasty—and is the Purple Thorns Kingdom’s undisputed ruler. It won’t be so easy for Zero Wing to defeat Heaven’s Burial,” Galaxy Past said, shaking his head.

Before the Secret Pavilion had secured ownership of the Star Alliance, his ambitions had been great. He had dreamed of becoming an overlord in God’s Domain one day. However, after joining the Secret Pavilion, he had come to understand one thing: God’s Domain was unlike any other virtual reality game that had ever existed.

Without the foundations of a super-first-rate Guild or Super Guild, ruling over a kingdom was easier said than done. The opponents on the surface were far from the only ones vying for dominance. Many powers lurked in the darkness, developing in secret. If these powers decided to take action, even a first-rate Guild might not withstand their might.

However, the fact that Zero Wing managed to become the ostensible overlord of Star-Moon Kingdom was already plenty amazing.

…

“The Guild Leader is so awesome!”

“He even blocked that kind of attack?”

Shi Feng’s performance had rekindled hope in Zero Wing’s Guild members whose confidence had begun to waver. They immediately resumed their bombardment, using the Miniature Ballistas to attack the Frost Kings madly.

Although the Golden Giant was having great difficulty in dealing with one of the two Frost Kings, now that the Frost Kings had weakened slightly, the Level 75 Great Lord ranked Golden Giant would not fall that easily, either. Not to mention, the Frost King Shi Feng was dealing with had very little HP remaining. Zero Wing definitely had a chance to emerge victorious in this raid.

“We don’t have much time left! Everyone, prioritize attacking my Frost King!” Shi Feng instructed hurriedly after repulsing the Frost King before him.

While he indeed possessed the strength of a Tier 4 player right now, he could maintain Twofold Berserk for only 24 seconds. If they did not finish this battle within that time, annihilation would be inevitable.

Shi Feng dashed at his Frost King, who was forced to retreat four steps.

Abyssal Bind!

Phantom Kill!

Nine Dragons Slash!

At this moment, Shi Feng no longer dared to hold anything back.

Suddenly, nine pitch-black chains emerged from the ground and bound the Frost King. Although Abyssal Bind had little effect on the Frost King, the Skill had still managed to freeze the Frost King’s movements momentarily, allowing Shi Feng and his doppelganger to arrive before the Frost King in tandem.

Flame Burst!

The swords carried by both Shi Feng and his doppelganger transformed into dazzling, miniature suns that assailed the Frost King’s body.

Among the 30 consecutive strikes that landed on the Grand Lord, each one dealt over -300,000 damage; critical hits dealt over -600,000 damage. In addition to Shi Feng and his doppelganger, the twelve Abyssal Blade phantoms also danced around the Frost King’s body, cutting at it. Not to forget, there were still the Exploding Arrows coming from a distance.

Although the Frost King managed to block most of the attacks sent at him, the Grand Lord’s HP still plunged to 8%. Shi Feng’s explosive power thoroughly stupefied everyone once more.

Sure enough, a Grand Lord ranked Mutant really is tough to deal with.

Shi Feng’s head ached when he looked at the Frost King maintaining its defense against the attacks sent at him.

The difference in physique was simply too massive!

If Shi Feng were up against an ordinary Grand Lord, he could easily overwhelm the monster’s defenses with his combat techniques and strike directly at its body, dealing substantial amounts of damage to it. However, despite the highly disadvantageous environment, the Frost King’s reaction speed and Attack Speed remained terrifying. It was just too difficult for Shi Feng to land an actual blow on the Grand Lord.

Even when Shi Feng and his doppelganger struck simultaneously, the Frost King was still able to cope with both of their attacks.

If this situation dragged on, even after Twofold Berserk’s duration ended, they still wouldn’t be able to kill one Frost King, much less both of them.

“A futile struggle!” At this time, the Frost King suddenly changed the trajectory of one of his sabers, switching from defense to offense and striking at Shi Feng from an angle.

Dang!

Fortunately, Shi Feng managed to protect his side abdomen in the nick of time, using Killing Ray. In return, however, he had to take two sidesteps before he could stabilize his body.

He’s starting to recover his Strength already?

Shi Feng’s complexion darkened as he looked at the vibrating Sacred Sword.

Although he was aware that the Frost King would recover from his weakened state very quickly, he never thought that it would happen

this

quickly.

However, the Frost King had no intentions of giving Shi Feng any opportunities to react. The Boss promptly brandished his sabers and forced Shi Feng into a defensive state. Now, even Shi Feng’s doppelganger had difficulty finding an opportunity to land an attack.

This situation panicked Zero Wing’s members.

They were all aware that Shi Feng was currently using Twofold Berserk, and that the combination Berserk Skill only had a short duration.

However, the Exploding Arrows’ power was simply too mediocre. Each arrow dealt only a little over -30,000 damage. Even if they landed 20 arrows per volley, they would deal just over -600,000 damage to the Frost King. With that kind of damage, it was simply impossible to defeat the Grand Lord within a short period.

As Shi Feng was starting to get pushed back, he abruptly stabbed Killing Ray into the ground. Suddenly, a blue pulse of energy spread out into his surroundings.

Chilling Field!

In the next moment, nine frost spears appeared around Shi Feng and stabbed madly at the Frost King.

Although each frost spear carried only 90% of the Skill user’s Strength, Shi Feng was able to superimpose the Strength of three spears—the current limit of his capabilities. His technique might not be as refined as Sirius’s, but by combining three spears into one, he could still roughly double the Strength of each attack. Meanwhile, 180% of his current Strength was more than enough to suppress the Frost King.

Following which, each time the frost spears clashed with the Frost King’s sabers, the resulting impact would create an opening for Shi Feng’s doppelganger to land a few attacks. This situation chopped chunk after chunk from the Frost King’s HP.

When the Frost King only had 3% of his HP remaining, he became thoroughly enraged. Suddenly, his snowy-white body turned pitch-black, and the aura he gave off was replete with an indescribable sense of evil.

“Despicable living beings! You all have truly angered me now!” The enraged Frost King’s HP abruptly fell by a sizable portion. Following which, the Frost King suddenly abandoned the sabers he held. He then raised one hand into the air and began chanting an incantation that was absolutely foreign to the players on the battlefield.

A moment later, a massive, threefold magic array covering a 500-yard radius appeared in the sky.

This is… Heaven Splitter?

Shi Feng’s complexion darkened as he looked at the dense and violent Mana gathering overhead. From time to time, he could also see blue arcs of lightning flashing across.

Heaven Splitter was a Tier 4 super-large-scale destruction Spell. Its result was complete and utter destruction.

At this moment, Shi Feng went into a frenzy as he controlled Chilling Field to execute Sword’s Orbit, launching a relentless stream of attacks at the Frost King.

As the Mana in the skies grew increasingly violent, the Frost King’s HP likewise declined.

2%… 1%…

“Die!” Shi Feng bellowed as he activated Divine Providence and Dragon Breath.

Immediately, a white beam of light devoured the Frost King, reaping the final strand of his HP.