Chapter 1404 - Advanced Auction House Appears

Chapter 1404 – Advanced Auction House Appears

After entering the City Hall, the Dark Knight led Shi Feng to an office on the fifth floor. Even before Shi Feng entered the office, though, he could already feel an aura of death leaking out of the room and shuddered involuntarily at the aura’s intensity.

As the doors to the office opened, an aura several times stronger than even that of a Tier 4 Mythic monster washed over him. For a moment, it felt as if the space around him froze.

“Come in.” A deep and chilling voice came from within the room.

Upon entering the room, Shi Feng was immediately greeted by the sight of the deep voice’s owner sitting behind an office table. The owner of the voice was a hunched middle-aged man with skin as pale as snow. The man wore a set of dark robes and held a stack of parchment in his hands. If not for the faint tinge of life in the aura the man exuded, one would even think that they had come across the God of Death.

Meanwhile, this man was none other than Magrence, Evernight City’s Magistrate!

Magrence was the overlord of Evernight City. At the same time, he was also a Tier 5 Dark Magus, an existence that even Star-Moon Kingdom feared. Magrence was the reason why the kingdom’s army did not dare take action against Evernight City.

Facing an NPC of such caliber, Shi Feng did not dare waste time playing around with words. He immediately took out the Advanced Garrison Order and placed it on the table.

“Lord Magistrate, I wish to have my Guild garrison this city. I hope that you can permit it,” Shi Feng said respectfully.

“This is indeed my city’s Advanced Garrison Order. Alright, I permit your Guild to garrison Evernight City.” Magrence nodded after glancing at the crystal token on the table. He then took out a piece of parchment and a map of Evernight City and said, “Write down your Guild’s name on this parchment. You may then pick one of the empty spots on the map to site your Guild’s Residence.”

After receiving the parchment and map, Shi Feng wrote the words “Zero Wing” on the parchment without hesitation. He then started browsing through the available locations for a Guild Residence.

Is this the privilege of having an Advanced Garrison Order?

Shi Feng grew ecstatic when he saw the available locations on the map.

Evernight City was different from ordinary NPC cities. There was a huge difference between its normal, inner, and central areas. The privileges that a Guild got to enjoy within the city was dependent on the location of its garrison. The members of a Guild garrisoned in Evernight City’s normal area were allowed entry into Evernight City even without doing the city’s entry quest.

Those of Guilds that garrisoned the city’s inner area were also qualified to take part in the Dark Auction, which was held once a week at the city’s Auction House. Usually, players would need to have a certain amount of local Reputation and complete a series of quests in order to participate in the weekly Dark Auctions.

Lastly, the central area was where all Guilds within Star-Moon Kingdom wished to garrison. As long as a Guild managed to set up a Residence in the central area, its Guild members could exchange for weapons and equipment in Evernight City without having to become a Red or Dark Player; the quality of the weapons and equipment its members could exchange for would depend on the Guild’s Reputation within the city. The only downside to this was that, unlike the items exchanged by Dark Players, the items exchanged by Guild members who were not Red or Dark Players were bound to themselves.

However, the number of spots available in the central area of Evernight City was extremely limited. In addition, as there was no fee for garrisoning Evernight City, the ten available spots would be distributed via an elimination system. Guilds would be ranked according to the number of City Contribution Points they accumulated each month, and those qualified to garrison the central area could compete for the ten spots each month.

With the Advanced Garrison Order, Zero Wing could directly garrison the central area. On the other hand, Heaven’s Burial only managed to garrison the inner area.

“Lord Magistrate, I have already made my decision.” After Shi Feng made his selection, he returned the parchment and map to Magrence.

“Excellent. From now on, Zero Wing will be one of the Guilds garrisoned in Evernight City. You may go and take a look at your Guild Residence now,” Magrence said, nodding after he took a look at the contents of the parchment. He then waved his hand, signaling permission for Shi Feng to leave.

At the same time, the sound of a system notification entered Shi Feng’s ears.

–

Evernight City Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Zero Wing for becoming the first Guild to garrison Evernight City’s central area! Rewarding 1,000 Evernight City Guild Reputation and 3,000 Evernight City Guild Popularity.

–

The system announcement repeated three times, notifying every player within Evernight City of its contents.

Many large Guilds reacted enviously to this situation.

Setting aside the Guild Reputation awarded, just the Guild Popularity awarded was already enough to make the various large Guilds go crazy. After all, the quality and quantity of Guild Quests a garrisoned Guild could receive in Evernight City varied depending on the amount of Popularity it had. This would also have a significant impact on the amount of Contribution Points the Guild members accumulated.

“Crap, Zero Wing is amazing! I heard that, even until now, Heaven’s Burial has only managed to get into the inner area, after going through many difficulties. With this, Zero Wing’s members are going to have an awesome time. As long as they collect enough Contribution Points, they can exchange for weapons and equipment suitable for themselves at any time.”

“I heard that the benefits a Guild receives for garrisoning the central area aren’t limited to just that. It seems that Guild members also receive a 30% discount when using the teleportation arrays of Evernight City.”

“If that’s the case, then I must join Zero Wing! I can save money and exchange for suitable weapons and equipment without having to rely on Dark Players!”

…

For a while, practically every player in Evernight City was discussing Zero Wing. This situation also frustrated the various Dark Players and Dark Guilds of Evernight City, who lost their opportunity to make a fortune.

Generally, normal players paid at least double the original price of an item when getting Dark Players to act as proxies for them. Now, however, normal players could just join Zero Wing and gather a sufficient amount of Evernight City Contribution Points to exchange for items themselves.

With such an option available, only a fool would continue purchasing Evernight City’s products from them.

…

Back in Evernight City’s City Hall, Shi Feng spent 1,000 Gold to establish a teleportation channel between Evernight City and Stone Forest Town. This matter immediately attracted the attention of many players.

“Guys, look! The teleportation array has two available destinations now!”

“This is great! We can actually teleport directly to Stone Forest Town now! With this, I won’t have to waste hours traveling to the town anymore!”

“I previously did not bother visiting Stone Forest Town, due to the long distance. This is a good opportunity to visit it.”

“I heard that Stone Forest Town opened a new kind of combat room. We can go there and give it a try now.”

…

In just a few short minutes, thousands of players had transferred to Stone Forest Town via teleportation array. Although it cost 80 Copper to teleport to Stone Forest Town, it was much more convenient than traveling there from the nearest NPC town.

As a result, many independent experts and adventurer teams began feeling that garrisoning Stone Forest Town was not a bad idea. After all, with Evernight City serving as a transfer point, they could save up on plenty of time.

Meanwhile, the activation of the teleportation channel also caused the player population of Red Iron Town to decrease drastically.

…

“Black Flame, I’ll let you have your fun for now. However, you’ll soon know that all your efforts are in vain,” Singular Burial sneered as he read the report he just received. He then looked at Daybreak Fog on the screen before him and said, “You all can begin operations now.”

“Guild Leader, leave it to us.” Daybreak Fog smiled, her eyes filled with confidence.

…

Meanwhile, Shi Feng, who was surveying Zero Wing’s Residence in Evernight City, got a sudden call from Melancholic Smile.

“Guild Leader, the Advanced Auction House has been constructed. Should we open it to the public now?” Melancholic Smile asked, her face tinged with excitement.