Chapter 1401 - Advanced Garrison Order

Chapter 1401 – Advanced Garrison Order

To current players, Epic items were already godlike existences that were unobtainable, what more Fragmented Legendary items?

Even until now, there had been no news of any Guild or player that had managed to get their hands on a Fragmented Legendary item. Although there was the possibility that the ones who had done so were keeping it a secret like Zero Wing, the odds of it happening were very low. After all, in addition to Fragmented Legendary items being extremely rare, the difficulty of acquiring one was also exceedingly high.

In the past, Shadow, which had been a second-rate Guild, had never obtained a single Fragmented Legendary item. From this, one could imagine just how rare Fragmented Legendary items were.

Meanwhile, the fact that the Frost King had dropped a Fragmented Legendary staff could definitely be considered exceptional luck.

Compared to equipment and accessories, weapons were the foundations for improving a player’s combat power.

As expected of a Fragmented Legendary Weapon, its Attributes really are terrifyingly strong.

–

[Frostflame Wrath] (Two-handed Staff, Fragmented Legendary Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 600, Intelligence 1,500

Attack Power (220% of Intelligence)

All Attributes (Increases according to user’s level)

When equipped:

Strength increased by 30%, Agility increased by 50%, Intelligence increased by 60%, Endurance increased by 50%, Vitality increased by 50%;

Casting speed increased by 30%;

Cast range +20;

Magic damage increased by 30%;

All Spell effectiveness increased by 30%;

Spell critical rate increased by 30%; Spell cost decreased by 10%;

Completion Rate of all ice- and fire-type Spells and Skills increased by 5%;

Ignore Levels +20

Additional Passive Skill 1-

Frostflame Origin: Increases the power of ice- and fire-type Spells cast by user by 1 tier. (Can be increased up to Tier 5)

Additional Passive Skill 2-

Elemental Shield: Reduces all magic damage received by 50% and physical damage by 30%.

Additional Active Skill 1-

Frostflame Hell: Deals ice- and fire-type damage to all enemies within a 50-yard radius for 10 seconds. Spell effectiveness will be one tier higher than user’s current tier. (Can be increased up to Tier 5)

Cooldown: 10 minutes

Additional Active Skill 2-

Frostflame Space: With the user as the center, decreases the Attributes of all enemies within a 100-yard radius by 30%. Increases user’s Attributes by 80% and physique by 50%. Also creates an ice-type doppelganger and a fire-type doppelganger. Doppelgangers will have 100% of user’s Basic Attributes but can use only their corresponding type of Spells. While inside Frostflame Space, as long as either user or one doppelganger survives, user will not die. When Frostflame Space’s duration ends, user will recover back to peak condition.

Duration: 1 minute

Cooldown: 3 hours

Additional Active Skill 3-

Summon Mount: Summons a Frostflame Cheetah that has 300% Movement Speed and is one tier higher than user. (Mount’s tier cannot exceed Tier 5)

Duration: 3 hours

Cooldown: 3 hours

This staff was once owned by Irene Jacques. However, the core runes have been damaged. The staff needs to absorb ten God Crystals to recover. Current number of absorbed God Crystals (0/10).

–

To Elementalists, the Frostflame Wrath was simply a divine weapon. Moreover, obtaining this staff was equivalent to obtaining a Dark-Gold Mount as well. The Mount summoned could also serve as an MT, making up for the disadvantages of an Elementalist. Only, the staff’s equipment requirements were somewhat high.

Normally, magical-class players rarely ever invested their Free Attribute Points into Strength. Moreover, magical-class equipment rarely ever provided Strength bonuses. A Level 45 magical-class player would be fortunate to have even 300 Strength.

The 1,500 Intelligence required was similarly a hard target to achieve for current players. At this stage of the game, magical-class players that had 1,000 Intelligence could already rank near the top among their class.

However, as long as he could arm one of the Guild’s Elementalist experts with the Frostflame Wrath, they would immediately soar to become a peak expert.

Following which, Shi Feng stored the Frostflame Wrath and began going through the other items dropped.

Huh? This is…

Very quickly, Shi Feng discovered a crystal token inside his bag. Meanwhile, there was the word “City” carved on the token. His eyes immediately glowed at the sight.

What?! An Advanced Garrison Order!?

The reason why the NPCs of Evernight City had mentioned that Guilds could garrison Evernight City if they killed the Frost King was the Garrison Order the Frost King would drop.

With the Garrison Order, a Guild could garrison a city and enjoy various benefits.

Every NPC city possessed different levels of authority. Meanwhile, an Advanced Garrison Order allowed a Guild to have advanced authority right off the bat.

Could the Basic Garrison Order have transformed into an Advanced one due to the Frost King turning into a Mutant?

Based on Shi Feng’s memories, the Guild that killed the Frost King in the past had obtained only a Basic Garrison Order.

–

[Advanced Garrison Order]

Owner of this token may allow one Guild to permanently garrison Evernight City and enjoy advanced authority in the city.

–

The Basic Garrison Order of a Dark City allowed the connection of a Guild town to said Dark City. As the amount of Reputation a Guild possessed in a Dark City increased, the amount of authority it had within the city would increase as well. Greater authority allowed a Guild to connect multiple towns with the city. Meanwhile, if a Guild possessed advanced authority in a Dark City, not only could it connect multiple Guild towns to the city, but it could also purchase Land in the central area of the city.

In God’s Domain, Dark Cities were much more popular among players compared to ordinary NPC cities. However, players needed to complete certain quests before they could enter a Dark City. Either that, or become a Red or Dark Player. Despite the various weapons and equipment available for exchange inside Dark Cities being limited to Red and Dark Players, that did not stop normal players seeking items suitable for themselves from exchanging for these items. Normal players just needed to commission a Red or Dark Player to act as a proxy for them in exchange for compensation.

Hence, trade within Dark Cities was very active. Particularly, after players reached Level 50 and high-quality weapons and equipment became increasingly rarer, such Dark City exchanges would become even more popular in God’s Domain. In the past, the population of Dark Cities had, at one point, even exceeded that of capital cities of kingdoms. One could just imagine how many players were conducting trades in Dark Cities.

Of course, Red and Dark Players could not freely exchange for high-quality weapons and equipment in Dark Cities. Not only did they need a sufficient amount of Reputation, but they also needed to spend Contribution Points of the corresponding Dark City when exchanging for items. Without sufficient Contribution Points, Red and Dark Players could not exchange for items, either.

Meanwhile, upon inspecting the Advanced Garrison Order, the sound of a system notification entered Shi Feng’s ears.

–

System: Do you wish to bind the token?

–

Without hesitation, Shi Feng chose to bind the token to himself. After all, one of his goals in coming to the Frozen Scar this time was the Garrison Order.

–

System: You have bound the token to yourself. Please visit Magistrate Magrence at Evernight City’s City Hall.

–

After binding the Advanced Garrison Order, Shi Feng continued looking through the remaining loot. These were Level 50 Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment. If sold, each one of them could easily fetch over 1,000 Gold. Overall, more than 10,000 Gold’s worth of Level 50 Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment had dropped.

Once he had organized the loot, he did not share any details with the team. He merely gave all participants the GCPs they deserved so that they could exchange for the weapons and equipment they wanted once they returned to the Guild.

After all, a 1,000-man team was different from a 100-man team. There just wasn’t enough equipment to share with everyone. If a team auction were held, it would definitely consume a lot of time. Hence, he might as well place all the dropped Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment in the Guild Warehouse and let everyone make their choices.

As for the Epic items and above, they were the Guild’s secrets and should not be displayed or put up for exchange casually.

I should make a trip to Evernight City and open up the transfer path.

Shi Feng then removed the Guild War Order and took out a Return Scroll to leave the Frozen Scar.

Meanwhile, news of Zero Wing successfully raiding the Frost King had spread throughout the entire Star-Moon Kingdom.