Chapter 1409 - Promotion To Master

Chapter 1409 – Promotion to Master

“Why is she calling me all of a sudden?” Shi Feng was somewhat confused as he looked at Endless Scars’s ID.

Endless Scars had been a legendary existence in the past. In addition, Midnight Tea Party, the adventurer team she was currently in, had been an existence that even Super Guilds feared. However, neither Endless Scars nor the Midnight Tea Party had shown any interest in Guilds. Hence, Shi Feng didn’t bother keeping in touch with Endless Scars and the Midnight Tea Party.

He never imagined that Endless Scars would take the initiative to contact him now.

However, Shi Feng did not put too much thought into the matter. He immediately put down his work and accepted the call.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, congratulations. I heard that even the various superpowers are feeling envious over the current Stone Forest Town,” Endless Scars said sincerely, a faint smile on her face.

“That’s nothing to brag about. Vice Commander Endless is the one who’s amazing. You’ve managed to obtain such a powerful weapon and equipment since I last saw you,” Shi Feng said as he looked at the dark purple mage robes Endless Scars was wearing in the screen. Currently, although Shi Feng could not see Endless Scars’s level, the Mana surrounding her was actually visible to the naked eye, flickering in and out of existence—which was definitely not an effect that ordinary Epic items could create. One could just imagine how powerful the weapon and equipment Endless Scars carried on her body were. “To what do I owe this sudden call?”

“It’s nothing important, really. I just wish to invite Guild Leader Black Flame to join me on a quest,” Endless Scars said, giggling. “As long as you help me complete this quest, I am willing to compensate you with a Secret Technique Tablet. Even if we fail to complete the quest, I’ll still compensate you with 5,000 Magic Crystals.”

“A Secret Technique Tablet?” Shi Feng was shocked.

Secret Technique Tablets were extremely rare items that the various superpowers in God’s Domain desperately competed for, as these allowed players to grasp all sorts of powerful combat techniques. Under normal circumstances, nobody would trade away their Secret Technique Tablet.

Shi Feng found it very hard to imagine that Endless Scars would be willing to use such a rare item as remuneration. Even a Bronze Secret Technique Tablet was still quite shocking. If she used it to employ the help of a Super Guild’s peak experts, said Super Guild would no doubt agree to the request without hesitation.

“That’s right. However, unless you agree to help me, I cannot tell you the exact information of the Secret Technique Tablet.” Smiling, Endless Scars prompted, “How about it? Are you willing to help me with this small problem, Guild Leader Black Flame?”

After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng asked, “Right now?”

“No.” When Shi Feng did not agree to her offer right away, Endless Scars could not help but grow confused. Most likely, even Super Guilds would immediately agree to her request if they were offered a Secret Technique Tablet, yet he was actually hesitating. “A lot more preparations need to be done before we embark on the quest. It won’t be possible to do so within a short period of time.”

“Alright, then.” Shi Feng currently had many tasks he still needed to deal with. In addition, there was the ranking competition tomorrow over at the Black Dragon Empire. Gentle Snow had already requested his presence at the event. If he went to help out with Endless Scars’s quest now, he was almost guaranteed not to make it back in time for the competition. After all, a quest that forced someone like Endless Scars to ask for help, in addition to using a Secret Technique Tablet as payment, would surely not be a simple one. It would no doubt be impossible to complete quickly.

“Good. We have an agreement, then. I’ll contact you once my side is ready.” At Shi Feng’s reply, a hint of joy appeared in Endless Scars’s eyes, her lips curling up slightly. “Oh, right, as a bonus, I’ll let you in on something. The ranking competition being held in the Black Dragon Empire this time is slightly different. I’ve heard that the top three Guilds will receive an invitation to the Secret Pavilion’s main headquarters to take part in the Secret Pavilion’s internal auction.”

“The Secret Pavilion’s internal auction?” Shi Feng could not help but grow a little excited upon hearing this.

As a transcendental existence in the virtual gaming world, the Secret Pavilion possessed countless rare in-game items. However, this was still only the tip of the iceberg. What was truly amazing about the Secret Pavilion was its ability to procure items in the real world that were of great help to a Guild’s development, such as training slots, data of expert players that could be used in a simulation system, S-rank Nutrient Fluids, Harmony Tea, virtual gaming cabins, and other products.

Even first-rate Guilds would have a very difficult time procuring these things in large quantities, what more other large Guilds?

However, the Secret Pavilion only sold these items in its internal auction. Moreover, the auction was not held in the virtual world of God’s Domain, but in the Secret Pavilion’s main headquarters in the real world.

In the past, those qualified to participate in the Secret Pavilion’s internal auction were first-rate Guilds at the very minimum. Guilds of lower status had had no chance of participating in the event whatsoever.

Of course, in order to obtain these items, the various large Guilds would also have to pay a significant price. The currency used during these internal auctions was not Credits but top-tier weapons and equipment as well as precious in-game items that were generally not sold to the public—either that or Magic Crystals at the bare minimum. Even Coins were not accepted. The internal auction was equivalent to using real-world resources to exchange for resources in God’s Domain.

To Zero Wing, this was indeed an excellent opportunity. S-rank Nutrient Fluids and virtual gaming cabins were generally not things that could be purchased even if one had the money to do so. Yet, these items were paramount to a Guild’s development. Even if one was reluctant to part with their resources in God’s Domain, they would still be willing to part with a considerable portion if it meant obtaining these items.

To Shi Feng, however, this was wonderful news. Currently, he had plenty of resources in God’s Domain, such as the Advanced Mana Armor Kits, Magic Devices, and various Exotic Potions—and now the Titan Devices. He also possessed advanced speedboats, which were important to the various superpowers at this stage of the game. If push came to shove, he could even use the Miniature Ballistas, Soul Water, and Soul Crystals, items that a superpower like the Secret Pavilion would definitely want, to trade. Not to mention, he could also produce all of these items without limit so long as he had the materials. He was more than willing to convert these items into real-world resources[1].

“I heard that the Secret Pavilion has put in quite a lot of effort into its internal auction this time. Participation in it offers plenty of benefits for an up-and-coming Guild like Zero Wing. It’s best if you make some preparations for the auction.” Endless Scars gave a reminder before disconnecting the call.

“There is indeed a need to make some preparations.” Shi Feng nodded in agreement.

The items sold at the Secret Pavilion’s internal auction were not cheap. Based on what he had heard, a bottle of S-rank Nutrient Fluid could go for three to four million Credits’ worth of rare items, which really wasn’t a price that ordinary Guilds could afford. If he did not stockpile some resources ahead of time, he might end up being a spectator at the auction.

After his call with Endless Scars ended, Shi Feng resumed forging Titan Devices. In order to increase his success rate, he had even taken out his precious Magical Gold as well as 100-plus Magisteel Ingots, which the Guild had collected, raising his success rate to roughly 35%.

As Shi Feng continued forging Titan Devices, he became increasingly proficient at it. Moreover, when he recalled the scene where Seliora remolded and repaired Thousand Transformations, particularly how she utilized magic arrays to condense materials together, he could not help trying to condense materials using magic arrays himself, especially since he had the Seven Luminaries Ring to increase the ambient Mana density.

After all, as long as he learned to condense materials using magic arrays, not only would his production speed increase, but his success rate would also increase significantly.

The first attempt failed…

The second attempt failed…

After experiencing numerous failures, Shi Feng started recalling and experimenting with the various magic arrays he had produced before. Suddenly, the Celestial Magic Array came to mind. Out of curiosity, he tried using a foundational Celestial Magic Array to condense the materials.

As the materials took shape, the amount of Mana gathered in the magic array became increasingly terrifying.

Five minutes later, a Titan Device appeared before his eyes. However, unlike the previous Titan Devices he made, the color of this Titan Device was silver instead of a dull gray.

“Did it succeed?” Shi Feng carefully inspected the Titan Device’s Attribute Panel.

Suddenly, the sound of a system notification entered Shi Feng’s ears.

…

System: Congratulations! You have created a new Advanced Item.

System: Congratulations! You have been promoted into a Master Forger.