Chapter 1419 - Difference In Equipment

Chapter 1419 – Difference in Equipment

As soon as Zhao Yueru finished speaking, she released Frostflame’s Wrath’s aura.

As a Fragmented Legendary Weapon, Frostflame’s Wrath could exude a frightening pressure. Once a player equipped it, they could actively suppress this aura, making the staff look like an ordinary item.

At the same time, this aura could strengthen the player’s aura.

With the liberation of Frostflame’s Wrath’s aura, Zhao Yueru’s aura underwent a sudden transformation. Fire- and ice-type Mana surged towards her in a frenzy, causing the surrounding space to tremble.

“How can a player have such a powerful aura? Is she really the Flame Witch I’ve heard about?”

“Why does it seem like the space around her is darker?”

The participants below stage felt a powerful pressure weigh them down when Zhao Yueru released Frostflame’s Wrath’s aura. Some participants had even taken an unconscious step back.

The waiting participants weren’t the only ones surprised. The various large Guilds’ upper echelons in the VIP rooms were shocked as well. If a player’s aura could be so powerful, ordinary players would find it taxing to endure, not to mention fighting while under the aura’s pressure.

“Guild Leader, the staff you gave to Yueru… Could it be?” Although Gentle Snow suspected that Frostflame’s Wrath might be a Fragmented Legendary Weapon, she wasn’t certain. After all, Fragmented Legendary items were simply too rare in God’s Domain. Even now, no one had heard of any of the superpowers obtaining one. Hence, the likelihood of Shi Feng possessing a second Fragmented Legendary item should be abysmally low.

“That’s right. It is indeed a Fragmented Legendary Weapon. Moreover, it is a top-tier Fragmented Legendary staff suitable for Elementalists,” Shi Feng confirmed, nodding.

Gentle Snow was speechless as she processed Shi Feng’s nonchalant explanation, overwhelmed by shock.

Very few people likely had a better idea of how powerful a Fragmented Legendary item was than her. After all, her current armor was Fragmented Legendary Equipment. It was due to the Seven Luminaries Battle Armor that she could contend with peak experts.

At the moment, she was only a Refinement Realm expert. She was worlds apart from Super Guilds’ peak experts, yet with the power of Fragmented Legendary Equipment, she compensated for the difference in their combat standards.

Meanwhile, the Fragmented Legendary item Zhao Yueru wielded was a weapon—the item that provided the largest boost to a player’s combat power.

Only now did Gentle Snow understand why Shi Feng had agreed to Crimson Fox’s bet without hesitation and why he had remained so calm throughout the competition.

If peak experts from Super Guilds participated in this ranking competition, it’d be no different than adults bullying children. Thus, the various superpowers only sent in their noobies that they had nurtured internally. Otherwise, all the players from the various large Guilds and adventurer teams would be able to do little more than watch from the sidelines.

…

Meanwhile, although the match had begun on the main stage, neither side hurried to attack. Rather than the expected indifference, surprise colored Yi Luofei’s face.

She had never expected to feel such an intense pressure from a Refinement Realm expert like Zhao Yueru. This was the first time something like this had ever happened.

“I’ve really underestimated Zero Wing…to think the Guild had hidden an expert like you,” Yi Luofei commented seriously as she watched her opponent. After getting a good look, however, Yi Luofei smirked as she continued, “However, you can only rely on this empty aura. It might be effective against ordinary experts, but it is useless against me!”

Saying so, Yi Luofei activated her Berserk Skill. She then began to chant incantations as she wrote runes in the air.

Yi Luofei’s chanting speed was extremely quick. She wasn’t slower than Zhao Yueru in the least. Moreover, compared to Zhao Yueru’s chants, Yi Luofei’s pronunciation was more accurate. Furthermore, not only did she draw her runes as easily as a graffiti artist, but she also had no inconsistencies.

…

“What precise triple-speed-casting!” Blue Phoenix was shocked as she watched the terrifying amount of Mana gather around Yi Luofei.

Unlike Skills, Spells had additional variables known as incantations and runes. Meanwhile, due to these two aspects’ special characteristics, one could determine the Spell’s Completion Rate based on the amount of Mana that gathered around the caster even before the spell fully activated.

The fact that more Mana gathered around Yi Luofei despite both combatants’ triple-speed-casting proved that her Skill Completion Rate was higher. Naturally, her Spells would be more powerful.

…

Not one to be outdone, Zhao Yueru had activated Power of Darkness at almost the same time as Yi Luofei activated her Berserk Skill, increasing all her Basic Attributes by 100%. Similarly, Zhao Yueru followed-up with triple-speed-casting.

A moment later, both Elementalists completed their Spells. Waving their staffs simultaneously, they gestured to their opponents.

Three magic arrays suddenly formed behind both Elementalists.

Normally, Zhao Yueru was limited to double-speed-casting; she could only triple-speed-cast due to Frostflame’s Wrath. However, she was limited to the most basic Tier 0 Spells for her third cast. This time, she had chosen Flame Barrage. As for her other two Spells, she went with the Tier 1 Flame Spear and Tier 1 Flame Chains; the former possessed extreme destructive power, while the latter had a certain degree of destructive power while allowing her to restrict her enemy.

On the other hand, Yi Luofei, who had relied on her own abilities to triple-speed-cast, had chosen Tier 1 Spells for all three casts: Frozen Web, Frost Prison, and Ice Blast.

Despite both being Elementalists, one woman controlled fire, and the other manipulated ice, creating a dazzling scene on the stage.

“Although you’re very strong, it’s a pity that your Skill Completion Rates are too low. Your triple-speed-casting is a mere facade compared to the real deal.” Yi Luofei smiled calmly as she watched Zhao Yueru’s flames. She then controlled her ice-type Spells to meet Zhao Yueru’s Spells.

Unlike melee players, a clash between magical class players did not rely on one’s control of their body. Rather, it relied on one’s control over an external object. Many of God’s Domain’s Spells were ranged. If a magical class player lacked control of their Spell, it would be very difficult to hit a moving target.

When fire and ice collided, a series of explosions erupted across the stage. Half of the stage transformed into a flaming hell, while the other half had become an icy nightmare. The results were extraordinarily spectacular.

However, when their Spells clashed, Yi Luofei, who had been confident of her victory, revealed a grim expression.

She currently wore two pieces of Epic Equipment: a shirt and a pair of shoes. Her staff was also Epic rank, increasing her Completion Rate with ice-type Spells to a certain degree. She could almost achieve an 80% Completion Rate with all three of her Spells.

No matter how she looked at it, Zhao Yueru’s Completion Rates shouldn’t exceed 70%, yet when she pitted her Spells against her opponent’s, her Spells were crushed, and Zhao Yueru’s Spells maintained a significant amount of their power as they continued towards her. This outcome was simply inconceivable.

What Yi Luofei didn’t know was that Frostflame’s Wrath improved ice- and fire-type Spells by one Tier. Although Zhao Yueru had used Tier 1 and Tier 0 Spells, they instantly became Tier 2 and Tier 1 spells with Frostflame’s Wrath’s buff. Even if her Skill Completion Rates were no more than 70%, Tier 2 Spells far surpassed Tier 1 Spells with 80% Completion Rates.

Facing the incoming flames, Yi Luofei had no choice but to dodge them with Blink. After all, magical-class players weren’t like melee players; their Attribute Point allocation was different. Dodging multiple attacks at once was very difficult for magical-class players.

Following which, Yi Luofei ran around the stage, becoming a more difficult target for her opponent. Unfortunately, this meant that she couldn’t triple-speed-cast. She could only rely on double-speed-casting.

In contrast, Zhao Yueru could stand still and attack Yi Luofei freely. Occasionally, she was forced to dodge an unavoidable Spell with Blink, but otherwise, she could easily triple-speed-cast.

Very quickly, Yi Luofei found herself running on fumes, finding fewer opportunities to retaliate. At the same time, Zhao Yueru shaved away her HP with her Spells’ residual damage.

After 15 seconds, Yi Luofei’s HP fell to 50%. On the other hand, Zhao Yueru, who had only occasionally failed to dodge an attack, still had over 90% of her HP. The difference between these fighters was obviously at a glance.

“I’ll admit that your combat standards are higher than mine. Unfortunately, if you can’t defeat me despite that advantage, how are you qualified to fight my Guild Leader?” Zhao Yueru quipped as she stopped her attacks suddenly. Seeing Yi Luofei’s sorry state, she smiled as she continued, “I’ve grown bored of exchanging Spells with you, and I believe that my Guild Leader has grown impatient with our fight. How about we end this match now?”

Saying so, Zhao Yueru lightly tapped the butt of Frostflame’s Wrath on the ground.

Immediately, a blue and red dual-colored magic array formed on the ground as an astonishing amount of Mana surged towards it. Following which, a four-meter-tall cheetah emerged from the magic array. Crimson fire covered the cheetah’s head, paws, and tail, while a frosty mist radiated from its body.

This cheetah was none other than the Frostflame Cheetah summoned by Frostflame’s Wrath’s third Activatable Skill!