Chapter 1428 - Aqua Rose’S Class-Change

Chapter 1428 – Aqua Rose’s Class-change

“Guild Leader, both towns have been heavily fortified. Each town has eight Defense Turrets. Normally, each town also has over 15,000 players. Including the other four second-rate Guilds’ members, there should be over 20,000 players residing in the towns. Crimson Castle has also employed high-quality NPC guards. Of the 1,000 NPCs in each town, over 60 are Tier 2. Capturing these towns won’t be easy.

“Moreover, as soon as we attack, the other Guilds will send reinforcements. Based on our estimates, each town should have over 100,000 players. We’ll likely have to use everything Zero Wing has to capture them.”

Gentle Snow briefly explained the situation in the towns. She had been shocked to learn about their defenses.

First-rate Guilds’ towns usually only had half a dozen or so Defense Turrets. After all, these defensive structures were expensive to build. Hiring high-tiered NPC guards wasn’t cheap either. Generally, a town had a mix of Tier 1 and Tier 0 NPCs. Guilds only hired stronger guards if the town were particularly important.

Yet, both of Crimson Castle’s towns had impressive defenses. Zero Wing couldn’t even strike the weaker town first, using its success to damage Crimson Castle’s morale.

“Good. Instruct both the main force and the Dark Gods Legion to set out. Since its closer to Lake Heart City, we’ll target Green Rain Town first,” Shi Feng said and nodded after glancing through the information.

“We’re only mobilizing our main force and the Dark Gods Legion?” Gentle Snow was stunned.

Was this a joke?

Together, Zero Wing’s main force and the Dark Gods Legion only had over 1,000 members. Even if they were experts, sending 1,000-plus players to raid a Guild town was reaching for the impossible.

“Of course. Why would we need so many people just to raid a town?” Shi Feng asked Gentle Snow curiously.

The woman was speechless.

They were going to raid a town protected by tens of thousands of players, Yet in Shi Feng’s eyes, they were just heading out to exterminate a bunch of Common monsters…

However, once Shi Feng had given the order, Gentle Snow had no choice but to dispatch the two forces.

As Shi Feng prepared to lead his army to Green Rain Town, he received a communication request from Aqua Rose.

“Why are you out so soon?” Shi Feng asked.

It had only been a few days since Aqua Rose and the others had begun to challenge the Sea God’s Legacy; none of them should’ve returned this soon.

“I’m not fast. Time in the Legacy space is different from God’s Domain. Four days inside is the equivalent of one in God’s Domain,” Aqua Rose explained.

After entering the Legacy space, the time flow difference had shocked her. If not for the lack of EXP from the monsters inside, she would’ve leveled up a few times. Instead, she was still Level 50.

“Well? How did it go?” Shi Feng asked.

The Sea God’s Legacy contained ten individual Legacies. Any one of them could improve a player’s strength tremendously.

“Hehe! Take a look at this!” Aqua Rose said as she waved an icy-blue crystalline staff. Streams of water rotated around it, and the staff itself radiated a faint trace of Divine Might.

“Could you have…” Shi Feng could not help his shock as he stared at the staff.

“That’s right. I’ve obtained the Sea God’s Legacy and have officially become a Tier 2 player,” Aqua Rose announced in delight.

She had gone through a lot of trouble to obtain the Sea God’s Legacy. Fortunately, she had consumed the Moonlight Fruits before entering the Legacy space, slightly increasing her physique. With Refinement Realm combat standards, she was able to clear the Legacy Trial. Not only had she obtained the Sea God’s Legacy, but she had also acquired the Sea Dragon Staff, a Growth-type Weapon specifically made to amplify the Sea God’s Legacy’s strengths.

Unlike ordinary Growth-type Weapons, the Sea Dragon Staff could reach Fragmented Legendary rank. It would help Aqua Rose display the full potential of the Sea God’s Legacy.

Shi Feng was dazed for a moment.

The Sea God’s Legacy!

He had only hoped that Aqua Rose or one of the others would obtain the Sea God’s Guard Legacy. He hadn’t been terribly optimistic that one of them would actually obtain the Sea God’s Legacy. After all, the Sea God’s Legacy even surpassed Peak Legacies. It was extremely difficult to obtain.

“Guild Leader, you’re going to raid a town, right? Can I join you?” Aqua Rose asked.

“Of course you can,” Shi Feng said, laughing.

Even if she hadn’t asked, he would’ve summoned her to join the battle.

He was not certain of exactly how powerful the Sea God’s Legacy was. He only knew that the Legacy’s owner would be an absolute overlord at sea, invincible among opponents of the same tier and level in naval combat. Naturally, he was curious to see how powerful Aqua Rose could become with the Sea God’s Legacy at her command.

“Wonderful! I’ll head over right away!” Aqua Rose said, smiling.

…

Lake Heart City region, Green Rain Town:

Since Zero Wing had announced its intention of raiding Crimson Castle’s Guild towns, the normally lackluster Green Rain Town brimmed with players. Crimson Castle and its allies weren’t the only players in the town. A large number of independent players and members of the various major powers in the Black Dragon Empire had made the trip to watch the upcoming Guild war.

The reason these spectators had gathered here instead of in Black Horn Town–Crimson Castle’s other town– was Zero Wing’s announcement that it would raid Green Rain Town before moving on.

“Zero Wing is really bold. When others try to raid a town, they try to keep their movements secret, yet Zero Wing publicly declared its plan to raid Crimson Castle’s towns and which town it’d hit first!”

“It’s likely that Zero Wing wants to show off its strength and frighten the other Guilds by ensuring that players are here to watch. However, doing so will make raiding Crimson Castle’s towns much more difficult.”

“Zero Wing is trying too hard to appear powerful. Even if Zero Wing is Star-Moon Kingdom’s overlord, it has only recently started to develop its Branch Guild in the Black Dragon Empire. The Branch Guild still lacks various aspects. Waging a war against Crimson Castle right now is foolish.”

“I’ve heard that the other four second-rate Guilds allied with Crimson Castle have dispatched 150,000 elite members to Green Rain Town. Including Crimson Castle’s 30,000 elite members, there are 180,000 elite players fortifying the town. Taking into account their terrain advantage, Zero Wing isn’t likely to succeed even if it sends every one of its members in the empire. In the end, Zero Wing will embarrass itself by attacking Crimson Castle.”

…

The players resting in Green Rain Town’s bars merrily discussed the upcoming war.

Zero Wing had already become the center of attention in the Black Dragon Empire after winning the ranking competition. Following its declaration of war, even more players began to watch the Guild.

Although the empire’s various Guilds frequently clashed, very few were willing to raid an enemy Guild town.

After all, Guild towns were easy to defend but difficult to attack. Without an absolute advantage, no Guild would be foolish enough to raid an enemy’s town.

…

Meanwhile, Crimson Castle and its allies’ upper echelons had gathered in a captivating room within the Guild’s Green Rain Town Residence.

“Guild Leader Fox, our Guilds’ members have arrived. They will be at your command,” a dignified Level 45 Shield Warrior reported to Crimson Fox, who lounged in the Guild Leader’s throne. “If that is not enough, our four Guilds can still mobilize an additional 60,000 elite members. We’ll put Zero Wing through the wringer.”

“Good! As long as we injure the Guild and make Nine Dragons Emperor happy, we’ll all receive even more resources in the future,” Crimson Fox said, smiling.

With over 180,000 elite players fortifying Green Rain Town, not even a superpower had any hope of a successful raid, much less Zero Wing.

As long as they devastated Zero Wing’s army, the Guild’s development in Lake Heart City would suffer.

“Guild Leader, our scouts have reported that Zero Wing’s members are on the way,” Lonely Castle, who stood behind Crimson Fox, whispered in the man’s ear.

“They’re finally here?” Crimson Fox smiled. He then asked, “How many are there?”

“There seems to be only…a little over 1,000 players,” Lonely Castle replied, uncertain.