Chapter 1427 - Causing A Storm With One Sentence

Chapter 1427 – Causing a Storm with One Sentence

“Snow, have someone compile a report on Crimson Castle for me. To be precise, I want information on the towns the Guild controls. The more detail, the better,” Shi Feng ordered.

“Detailed information on Crimson Castle’s Guild towns?” Gentle Snow couldn’t help her growing confusion. Very quickly, however, she thought of a possibility. Shocked, she asked, “Guild Leader, do you intend to raid one of their Guild towns?”

“Raid one of Crimson Castle’s towns?” Shi Feng shook his head. Chuckling, he said, “No. I want to raid them all!”

If this had happened earlier, Shi Feng wouldn’t have many options to deal with Crimson Castle. At most, he’d be able to weather a battle of attrition.

However, things had changed.

Now, he was rich!

Not only had he make a killing from the Zero Wing Auction, but he had also obtained a frightening profit from Stone Forest Town’s Battle Arena and Auction House. Right now, players were almost always signing up to join the Battle Arena and Auction House.

Including the 10,000 Magic Crystals he had won from Yan Tianxing, he had over 190,000 on hand.

During the war with Heaven’s Burial and the monster army, he only had around 50,000 Magic Crystals prepared. It had been impossible to maximize his war weapons’ power. If he had had enough Magic Crystals during those battles, he would’ve easily won the war.

Now that he had over 190,000 Magic Crystals, Crimson Castle was simply trying to get itself killed by daring to provoke him.

He was even confident of capturing a first-rate Guild’s town with the resources he had available, let alone a second-rate Guild like Crimson Castle.

“Raid all of Crimson Castle’s towns?!” Shi Feng’s declaration shocked everyone in the VIP room.

A Guild town was vital to a Guild’s development. Hence, Guild towns were generally heavily fortified with static defenses and many players, making them very difficult to capture. One would need to prepare quite a bit to capture a Guild Town, yet Shi Feng had decided to take all of the towns under Crimson Castle’s control…

This was insane!

“Snow, get the Branch Guild’s main force members ready. And spread the news. I want every Guild in the Black Dragon Empire to know. We’ll take action as soon as you’ve gathered the information I requested!” Shi Feng instructed.

“We’re not hiding our intentions?” Gentle Snow was dazed for a long moment after listening to Shi Feng’s command.

When raiding an enemy Guild town, one generally kept their operations a secret. It would give a force the greatest chance of success, yet Shi Feng wanted to declare his intentions publicly. It was no different than saying, ‘I’m going to raid you, so you best get ready.’

However, since her Guild Leader had given her the order, she had no choice but to follow through.

Although Nine Dragons Emperor quietly backed Crimson Castle, taking over the Guild’s towns would be a piece of cake if Zero Wing got serious and mobilized all of its elite and expert players. After all, Zero Wing had an overwhelming advantage over Crimson Castle in terms of both quality and quantity. Only, doing so would strain Zero Wing’s funds.

Meanwhile, before the players in the arena left the venue, Gentle Snow had tasked her subordinates to make the announcement, stating Zero Wing’s plans to raid Crimson Castle’s Guild towns in the Lake Heart City region.

The news caused an uproar throughout the Black Dragon Empire.

“What’s going on?! Zero Wing plans to attack Crimson Castle?!”

“Didn’t Crimson Castle lose its bet to Zero Wing? Does the Guild have to be so ruthless?”

“No. I’ve heard that a few third-rate Guilds allied with Crimson Castle have mobilized their forces to cause trouble around Hidden Fog Town. It is clear that they are trying to keep the town out of Zero Wing’s hands. Zero Wing’s likely infuriated.”

“Even so, isn’t this unwise? Guild towns aren’t that easy to raid. The majority of Zero Wing’s forces are stationed in Star-Moon Kingdom. With them so far away, it’ll be even more difficult to capture Crimson Castle’s towns.”

…

The players on the forums discussed the matter heatedly. Almost nobody was optimistic about Zero Wing’s chances.

Although Zero Wing had a Branch Guild in Lake Heart City, it lacked strength in the Black Dragon Empire. The Branch Guild simply wasn’t on the same level as the main branch in Star-Moon Kingdom. Teleporting players from Star-Moon Kingdom to Lake Heart City was costly. In addition, Crimson Castle was allied with four other second-rate Guilds. Those Guilds would lend Crimson Castle aid if it were attacked.

Even the empire’s first-rate Guilds would struggle to raid one of Crimson Castle’s towns. And even if success were possible, none of these Guilds would be willing to pay the price.

“Hahaha! Zero Wing must’ve lost its mind! Do they think that our towns’ defenses are just for display?” Crimson Fox, who had long since returned to his Guild’s Residence, laughed when he heard the news.

He had planned to fight it out with Zero Wing slowly, but it would seem that preparing for such had been a waste.

Although the two towns Crimson Castle controlled were not particularly popular among the general populace, both were close to ore- and herb-rich maps, and the Guild and its four allies used them as resource warehouses. Naturally, he had invested plenty of resources in the town’s defenses.

Each town had eight Defense Turrets, magic barriers, and other war weapons. Even a 200,000-man elite army wouldn’t pose a threat to the towns. Furthermore, the four second-rate Guilds had constructed temporary Guild Residences in both. Their members could reinforce the towns at a moment’s notice.

Even if Zero Wing mobilized all of its elite members, it could never capture their towns.

“Guild Leader, we’ve just received a message from Nine Dragons Emperor’s people. He said that he will send a 200-man expert team to protect both towns. Each team will also have six Gnome Cannons,” Lonely Castle reported. “Nine Dragons Emperor has also offered to ignore our previous failure, allowing Crimson Castle to remain the five Guilds’ leader if we give Zero Wing a good beating.”

“Go to the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s messengers, and let Nine Dragons Emperor know that he can rest assured. Unless the sun rises from the west, Zero Wing’s members should not even think about setting foot in Crimson Castle’s towns, much less capture them,” Crimson Fox responded confidently.

…

Meanwhile, in the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Residence in the Black Dragon Empire, Phoenix Rain nearly jumped in surprise when she received the news. She had never expected such insanity from Zero Wing. She immediately contacted Shi Feng.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, do you really plan to raid Crimson Castle’s Guild towns?” Phoenix Raid asked seriously.

“That’s right.” Shi Feng nodded.

“I beg of you to discard the idea. Nine Dragons Emperor is Crimson Castle’s backer. Moreover, he instructed his subordinates to create resource warehouses in both towns. He’s already stationed his personal Shadow Dragon Legion in the towns long-term, as well,” Phoenix Rain explained.

The Shadow Dragon Legion was one of the three trump card legions under Nine Dragons Emperor’s command. Among the three legions, Martial Dragon’s War Dragon Legion was the strongest. Although the Shadow Dragon Legion’s overall strength was weaker than the War Dragon Legion, it was fond of large-scale battles. Hence, Nine Dragons Emperor had sent his men to protect Crimson Castle’s two towns.

Zero Wing had just made a name for itself in the Black Dragon Empire. Before accumulating sufficient strength, it was unwise to raid these two towns.

“The Shadow Dragon Legion?” Shi Feng had heard of the legion before. In response, however, he simply chuckled and thanked the woman, “Thank you for your warning, Phoenix Pavilion Master. I will be careful. I still have much to tend to, so if there’s nothing else, I’ll be disconnecting the call now.”

Saying so, Shi Feng ended their conversation.

“What is this man thinking…” When Phoenix Rain had seen Shi Feng’s calm expression, she wondered if Shi Feng actually understood how powerful the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s trump card legions were.

Any superpower’s trump card legions could annihilate an elite army of tens of thousands. Furthermore, the Shadow Dragon Legion specialized in large-scale combat.

Meanwhile, Gentle Snow finished gathering information on Crimson Castle’s Guild towns and handed the report to her Guild Leader.