Chapter 1429 - Give It A Thorough Beating

Chapter 1429 – Give It a Thorough Beating

When Lonely Castle finished speaking, the meeting room fell silent.

Everyone stared at Lonely Castle with astonished expressions. They all thought that the Shield Warrior had to be joking.

“What did you say?” Thinking he had heard wrong, Crimson Fox asked for confirmation, “They only sent 1,000-plus members?”

“Mhm. The several hundred Assassins we’ve sent out to scout have confirmed this. Zero Wing hasn’t dispatched anyone beyond those 1,000-plus members. However, all of those members are rapidly approaching Green Rain Town on Mounts. They’ll likely arrive in a little over ten minutes.” Lonely Castle understood that he could not convince Crimson Fox with words alone, so he played the video his subordinates had sent him on the virtual screen above the table.

The recording displayed over 1,000 players atop their Mounts. However, unlike other Guilds, the majority of Zero Wing’s members rode Thunder Wolves; their charge was impeccable. Moreover, every player’s level on the team was very high. The lowest-leveled among them was Level 45. Furthermore, their weapons and equipment weren’t the least bit inferior to the upper echelons’ in the meeting room.

A single one-horned, black tiger lead this team of players. Black flames and arcs of blue electricity danced around the tiger’s paws. Despite only watching a video of the creature, every one of these powerful players felt an indescribable pressure weigh them down.

As for the man atop this black tiger, he was none other than Zero Wing’s famous Guild Leader, Black Flame.

Crimson Fox stared at the screen, dazed for a long moment.

While he had seen arrogant Guilds before, he had never seen a Guild as arrogant as Zero Wing. They treated the 180,000 elite players fortifying Green Rain Town as nothing more than a paper tiger.

“How is this possible? Zero Wing only sent 1,000-plus members?”

“Has Zero Wing lost its mind?”

“This is the siege battle that Zero Wing promised us? They dare come at us with such a small force? Are they tired of living?”

These players couldn’t help but laugh as they watched the video.

The contingent Zero Wing had dispatched might consist of nothing but expert players, but siege battles were different from field battles. The power an expert could exert was considerably limited. Not to mention, every Guild town had a large number of NPC guards.

NPC guards weren’t monsters. If an ordinary expert player tried to take on a Tier 1 NPC, they’d suffer a one-sided beating. Furthermore, Green Rain Town’s NPCs were all Level 70 and above. The town even had Level 70, Tier 2 NPCs.

Even without the 180,000 elite players and the town’s defensive structures, the 1,000 NPC guards could easily annihilate Zero Wing’s small force.

“Zero Wing is pretty bold. They dare to attack Green Rain Town with just so few players. Don’t they know what ‘death’ means?”

At this moment, a burly man wearing silver armor stood up and said, “Guild Leader Fox, leave this to Immortal Dynasty! There’s no need for Crimson Castle to bother with this small group from Zero Wing. It’s about time we teach Zero Wing that the Black Dragon Empire and Star-Moon Kingdom are not the same!”

“Brother Bright House doesn’t need to dirty his hands! Let the Shadowlight Tribe deal with this! We’ll finish Zero Wing’s members off before they even get close to Green Rain Town,” the handsome man beside Bright House said, laughing.

…

Before Crimson Fox could comment, the four second-rate Guilds’ upper echelons voiced their enthusiasm to take the lead against Zero Wing’s force.

As Crimson Fox attempted to reply, a black-clad man beside him spoke up, “None of you need to get involved. Leave these people to the Shadow Dragon Legion.”

The moment this black-clad man spoke, the upper echelons fell silent.

On the surface, Crimson Castle was in charge of this war. In reality, however, this black-clad man was in command. The man was none other than Shadowtooth, the commander of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Shadow Dragon Legion. He was also known as the War Dragon.

Not only had Shadowtooth risen to fame much earlier than Martial Dragon, but he had also left plenty of intense battle records in multiple large-scale virtual reality games.

This man had participated in hundreds of Guild wars, and every time he took the field, he secured overwhelming victories. Hence, he had earned the nickname ‘War Dragon.’ Individually, he wasn’t any weaker than Martial Dragon, although the latter was more well-known due to his status as an up-and-coming monster in the virtual gaming world.

Since Shadowtooth had declared his intentions, the upper echelons surrendered the fight for the prestige of defeating Zero Wing.

“I’ll have to trouble Brother Shadowtooth, then.” Crimson Fox repeatedly expressed gratitude after listening to the commander’s declaration.

The Shadow Dragon Legion was very famous in the virtual gaming world. The legion’s experts had fought in countless battles alongside Shadowtooth. Although these players were only top-tier experts individually, they could exert tremendous power on the battlefield. With only a handful working together, they could easily take down peak experts.

This was also the reason that the virtual gaming world’s various superpowers disliked dealing with the 1,000-man legion.

…

Meanwhile, news of Shi Feng’s 1,000-plus contingent quickly spread throughout Green Rain Town, causing an uproar.

“Is Zero Wing trying to be funny?”

“And to think they made such arrogant claims earlier! Now that they realized that Green Rain Town is impossible to raid, they’ve only sent 1,000 members to try to gloss over their insults…”

“I had thought that Zero Wing was some awesomely powerful Guild, but it seems that it has nothing more than this.”

“This could be their wisest move. If Zero Wing truly tried to raid Green Rain Town, it’d suffer heavy losses.”

“How boring. I’m heading back to level up.”

The spectating players in the town were disappointed. They had hoped to watch an interesting battle, but this was just a farce. At the same time, Zero Wing lost the prestige it had earned in the Black Dragon Empire.

…

As players prepared to leave Green Rain Town, Shi Feng’s group reached a hilltop 15,000 yards away.

“Snow, have the main force members guard the mountain pass below us. Everyone else, secure this area. Do not let anybody reach this position. You have my permission to kill any disobedient players,” Shi Feng instructed as he gazed down at the distant town.

Shi Feng’s instructions confused his party members. They were still so far away from Green Rain Town. What was the point in securing such a distant location?

Once Zero Wing’s members spread out and surrounded the hill, Shi Feng took two Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons and a movement-type defensive magic array from his bag and began to set them up.

“Guild Leader, you’re not thinking of…decimating Green Rain Town?” Aqua Rose could not help her surprise when she saw the two Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons.

Abundant resources were available near the town, but if they turned these massive cannons against it, they’d cripple Green Rain Town.

“Although Green Rain Town is a strategic location, Zero Wing does not have much use for it. Moreover, with the town’s powerful defenses, this is the perfect opportunity to test how effective the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons are in a siege. Why else would I have deliberately announced our intention to attack Green Rain Town?” Shi Feng asked seriously.

Hearing Shi Feng’s explanation, Gentle Snow was speechless. The reason behind his announcement had been to test the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannon’s effects… If Crimson Castle’s upper echelons knew about this, they’d likely have a heart attack.

A moment later, Shi Feng finished setting up the two Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons and the movement-type defensive magic array, filling them with Magic Crystals.

Once he had confirmed that everything was in place, Shi Feng issued his command, “Aim for Green Forest Town and beat the hell out of them!”