Chapter 1438 - Frightening Harvest

Chapter 1438 – Frightening Harvest

“A better option?”

Gentle Snow looked at the blood-red stone in Shi Feng’s hand curiously. The stone was the size of a fist. If not for the faint pressure radiating from it, it would be easily mistaken for an ordinary red gemstone.

“This isn’t just an ordinary stone. It’s actually made of Red Luminaries Stone.” Seeing the doubt on Gentle Snow’s face, Shi Feng smiled and explained, “You know what Red Luminaries Stone is. It’s far more valuable than Magic Crystals. It’s also a superconductive ore, only second to the Seven Luminaries Crystals.”

“But what does this stone have anything to do with a resource town?” Gentle Snow asked curiously.

“I haven’t finished. This stone is made of Red Luminaires Stone, but it’s not complete. Originally, the Black Dragon Empire had created teleportation gates leading to 33 neutral maps outside of the empire’s borders. These locations were the reason the empire had flourished during the past. However, the teleportation gates had been destroyed during a rebellion, and the teleportation cores that powered the gates had gone missing. This stone is one of those cores.

“With this teleportation core, we can construct a stable teleportation gate in a Guild town within the Black Dragon Empire as long as we collect a bottle of Temporal Sand and 200,000 Magic Crystals. We can use the teleportation gate to travel to the neutral map recorded within the core.”

Shi Feng explained the teleportation core in detail as he gazed at the stone in his hand.

During the Black Dragon Empire’s early days, the empire had stood shoulder to shoulder with the Four Great Empires. If not for the rebellion and the teleportation gates’ destruction, the Black Dragon Empire would’ve been the fifth strongest empire in God’s Domain.

The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had obtained seven of the 33 teleportation cores in the past. As a result, the Pavilion had secured an abundance of resources and eventually grew to rival veteran Super Guilds.

Shi Feng had never expected to obtain one of these cores by killing Crimson Fox.

There were only 33 of these teleportation cores in the Black Dragon Empire, each one linked a high-resource, neutral map. Due to the nature of these maps, teleportation arrays couldn’t reach them. Players usually had to rely on their own two feet to travel to these areas. If one had a means to teleport to a particular map, they’d have a monopoly on the map’s resources.

Shi Feng had considered capturing Green Rain Town, but the town’s resources paled in comparison to the teleportation core.

As long as Zero Wing captured Hidden Fog Town and constructed a teleportation gate, it’d have access to a large amount of resources, focusing a fraction of those resources into the town’s development. They didn’t need Green Rain Town; it would just be an additional expenditure for the Guild. They didn’t need to worry about fending off other major powers contesting for the town either.

“Teleport to a neutral map? Guild Leader, are you joking?!” Gentle Snow stared at the stone in Shi Feng’s hand in shock.

She had been playing God’s Domain for quite some time now. As a member of the Guild’s upper management, she kept up on various information about the game. Naturally, she had an acute understanding of the importance of neutral maps.

Neutral maps were not under human control. They weren’t suitable for human settlements, either. However, these locations shared a similar aspect; they had a ridiculous amount of resources, far beyond those found in empires and kingdoms.

One could find rare and valuable resources in practically every corner.

However, neutral maps were extremely dangerous. They were also far from any civilization. Traveling to and from these areas was troublesome. Furthermore, it was difficult for players to remain in these maps for long periods. As a result, players’ harvest was limited.

A teleportation gate connected to a neutral map was as good as taking control of that map. One could send players through the gate freely. Not only was it convenient, but it would also help Guild towns attract players and the resources they had to offer. One could just imagine how frighteningly valuable the core was.

Not even five Green Rain Tows would be worth as much as a single teleportation core.

Once Zero Wing set up the teleportation gate, it could develop in the Black Dragon Empire without worry, even if it had to face fierce competition from the empire’s other large Guilds.

“Take a look at it yourself.” Shi Feng then shared the teleportation core’s introductory text with Gentle Snow.

The text referred to the stone as a teleportation core as Shi Feng had explained. However, there was no mention of its connected location. It only stated that it could be used to construct a teleportation gate leading to an unknown location.

After reading the introductory text, Gentle Snow began to search through Zero Wing’s database. She quickly found information regarding fallen teleportation gates that had existed within the empire. These gates had led to 33 different neutral maps.

This discovery rendered Gentle Snow speechless.

She even wondered if Shi Feng were some kind of robot. It was astonishing how much information he knew.

The information about the Black Dragon Empire’s teleportation gates was fragmented. If not for Shi Feng’s explanation, she wouldn’t have learned anything about these gates.

Although the teleportation core was a wonderful item, there was a major problem: the bottle of Temporal Sand and the 200,000 Magic Crystals. She had never even heard of the Temporal Sand.

Without the Temporal Sand, the teleportation core was just a paperweight.

“Leave the teleportation gate to me. You just need to worry about securing Hidden Fog Town and completing your Tier 2 promotion as soon as possible. You’ve seen the gap between Tier 1 and 2 for yourself. The sooner you complete your Promotion Quest, the easier leveling up will be,” Shi Feng said.

He was fully aware of the teleportation core’s flaws.

The required 200,000 Magic Crystals were enough to choke a first-rate Guild. It was already difficult to make ends meet, much less save up. A Guild would require a tremendous amount of time to collect so many crystals.

The other problem was the Temporal Sand. Temporal Sand was counted by the grain, and each bottle contained 500 grains. Every grain was extremely valuable. Each had sold for 20 Gold or more in the past. During its peak, these Temporal Sand grains had even sold for over 50 Gold each. Moreover, there wasn’t nearly enough supply to keep up with demand.

Aside from its relation to the teleportation gates, Temporal Sand gains were also used as valuable materials in crafting various Epic items. When one used Temporal Sand in an item’s production, not only could it increase the success rate, but it could also enhance the item’s Attributes. Moreover, the more Temporal Sand the crafter used, the greater the final product’s enhancements would be. Hence, Temporal Sand had been highly sought after in God’s Domain.

However, he only knew of two methods to obtain Temporal Sand in the Black Dragon Empire. Fortunately, he was considerably familiar with one method; he could purchase them from Countess Katie Green in Lake Heart City.

“It seems like it’s time to pay another visit.”