Chapter 1436 - Everlasting Moment

Chapter 1436 – Everlasting Moment

“Charge! Keep moving forward! Their healers should be running out of Mana! Once they run out, we’ll take the hill!” Crimson Fox shouted, his eyes bloodshot. At this point, he had completely disregarded the potential losses.

However, as Crimson Fox had said, Crimson Castle’s ruthless charge was a huge burden on Zero Wing’s healers. The healers relentlessly cast every Healing Spell they had available. Their Mana consumption rate was even greater than during a Boss raid.

In a normal Boss fight, they only needed to focus on the team’s MTs. Now, however, they had to heal everyone. If they lost their focus, their companions could die. In fact, the 20-plus casualties Zero Wing suffered so far were the result of something distracting the healers.

Seeing Zero Wing’s healers running low on Mana, Crimson Castle’s members grew even more fervent with their attacks.

Zero Wing’s members struggled. Fighting 10,000 pigs would be a challenge, not to mention 10,000 players with Skills. If not for their superior combat techniques, weapons, and equipment, Crimson Castle’s members would’ve already overrun the hill.

“Guild Leader, although we have 20,000 more members on the way, are we really going to duke it out with Zero Wing?” Lonely Castle asked. His heart ached as he watched his guildmates die in droves.

These players were all elite members from the Guild. Even if they defeated Zero Wing, Crimson Castle would likely suffer grievous losses. It would be utterly helpless if Zero Wing decided to attack again.

“We don’t have a choice. If we lose Green Rain Town, Crimson Castle will be in an even worse position,” Crimson Fox said as he looked towards the hilltop, helplessness gripping his heart. If he had known that Zero Wing was capable of this level of warfare, he would never have played such petty tricks. Unfortunately, it was too late for his regret.

If Crimson Castle won this battle, although it would damage the Guild’s morale, it would still have a chance to make a comeback.

In contrast, if Crimson Castle lost, the Guild would forever lose its position in Lake Heart City. It wouldn’t even be surprising if the Guild disbanded as a result of losing Green Rain Town.

He was certain that Zero Wing wouldn’t last much longer. After all, their enemy had only dispatched a 1,000-man team. Zero Wing must be dreaming if it thought it could triumph over an elite army of tens of thousands with such a small force.

However, as soon as Crimson Fox finished speaking, two more black-white beams of light descended from the hilltop. With the chaos of battle as a distraction, the two Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons had finished their Cooldowns before anyone had realized it.

The two beams struck Crimson Castle’s army once again. Although the attacks weren’t as effective as last time, the two beams still erased nearly 3,000 Crimson Castle members. The rampaging survivors instantly fell silent.

Compared to the cannons’ physical destruction, the mental blow was devastating.

“Endure it! More reinforcements will arrive soon!” Crimson Fox tried to placate his Guild members. “Once they’re here, we’ll prepare Zero Wing for its funeral! None of the drops from their members need to be reported or handed over to the Guild! And I’ll award any player who kills a Zero Wing member 1,000 GCPs! Killing an upper echelon will earn you 50,000 GCPs!”

Crimson Castle’s members cheered when they heard the potential rewards. Although Crimson Castle’s GCPs weren’t particularly valuable, 1,000 points were still the equivalent of a little over 1 Gold. Fifty-thousand points were worth around 50-plus Gold. It was enough money to purchase a Common Mount or a piece or two of top-tier equipment.

However, following the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons’ attacks, dozens of flaming arrows cascaded down from the hilltop. These were the Exploding Arrows from the Miniature Ballistas.

Although the Exploding Arrows were much weaker than the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons, there were far more of them, and they had a shorter Cooldown.

To ensure the fall of Green Rain Town, Shi Feng had prepared 50 Miniature Ballistas.

Following which, explosions shook the ground amid Crimson Castle’s army. The Guild’s members transformed into streaks of light. A single volley had claimed over 500 lives. As they watched their comrades die, the survivors also noticed a magic barrier spread out from the hilltop. The barrier blocked every attack from Crimson Castle’s members, protecting Zero Wing. In contrast, Zero Wing’s members easily attacked the players beyond the barrier.

However, this wasn’t the worst part. Without warning, a Level 72, Tier 3 Demon with fiery wings had appeared over Crimson Castle’s army. Gathering Mana in its palms, the Demon created a fireball the size of a small mountain before hurling it at unsuspecting players. Instantly, over a hundred players vanished.

“Impossible!” Crimson Fox couldn’t believe his eyes. “How could Zero Wing be so strong?”

With such overwhelming offensive and defensive capabilities, not even a 100,000-man army could defeat Zero Wing’s 1,000 players, much less his 10,000 players.

The last attack had shocked Crimson Castle’s members so badly that they had forgotten to continue their attacks.

They all knew how powerful magic barriers were. As long as a magic barrier had enough Mana, and none of the attacks exceeded its endurance limit, it would remain in place indefinitely…

…

“Zero Wing dares to take the Shadow Dragon Legion so lightly!” Watching from afar, fear and rage flashed in Shadowtooth’s eyes.

He had led one of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s bona fide trump card legions against the Guild, yet Zero Wing hadn’t even bothered to use everything it had during their fight. It felt as if their enemy had only been playing with them.

…

“It’s about time we end this battle.” Shi Feng smiled when he saw Crimson Fox in the distance. He then activated Phantom Kill and Space Movement. He stepped into the spatial tear.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng appeared above Crimson Fox.

“The sky split?”

“That’s…Black Flame!”

“What is he trying to do?”

Crimson Castle’s members were surprised to see the figure emerge from the spatial tear. They couldn’t help but gasp when they got a clear view of the man.

“Black Flame!” Although Shi Feng’s appearance surprised Crimson Fox, he reacted quickly and retrieved two Tier 3 Magic Scrolls from his bag. Sneering, he growled, “You dare stand before me?! You must be trying to die!”

Over 15 yards separated the two Guild Leaders. Crimson Castle’s top-tier experts surrounded them. He even had a Tier 3 defensive Scroll and Tier 3 single-target attack Scroll. Killing a peak expert should be a piece of cake.

“Die!” Crimson Fox unfurled the Tier 3 single-target attack Scroll.

However, Shi Feng responded immediately by using Instant Strike, appearing before his enemy and brandishing Killing Ray.

Shadow Blade!

Suddenly, a single streak of blue light, surrounded by nine streaks of black light, shot through Crimson Fox, who still wore his sinister smile, and devoured all of the man’s HP. Crimson Fox hadn’t even activated the unfurled Magic Scroll. Everyone who saw Shi Feng’s Attack Speed gasped.

As Crimson Fox collapsed to the ground, he dropped a pair of gloves and a stone fragment that emitted a faint pressure. Without hesitation, Shi Feng pocketed both items. He then switched position with his doppelganger and canceled Phantom Kill, disappearing as if he had never existed in the first place. Meanwhile, Crimson Castle’s nearby experts stood there in a daze. It was as if time had frozen for these experts.