Chapter 1437 - Black Dragon Empire Shocked

Chapter 1437 – Black Dragon Empire Shocked

“This is a lie, right?!”

“He actually disappeared?!”

“Is he a ghost?!”

Crimson Castle’s members stared in shock at their Guild Leader’s motionless body.

Everything had happened too quickly!

Shi Feng had appeared and taken Crimson Fox’s life before anyone had realized it. He then vanished without a trace.

After Shi Feng had left, these players were silent for a long moment. When they finally snapped out of their daze, their complexions turned deathly pale as they looked towards Shi Feng, who had returned to the hilltop.

Fear dominated Crimson Castle’s members.

They had stood over 1,000 yards away from the mountain to avoid getting caught in the shockwaves from the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons’ attacks. Originally, they had assumed that they were safe. However, Shi Feng only needed a moment to teach them how foolish that hope was.

If Shi Feng could easily kill an expert like their Guild Leader despite over a thousand yards between them, killing them all would be child’s play.

Today, they finally learned what a real expert was. They could never use numbers to overwhelm this level of strength.

“Vice Guild Leader, do we continue the battle?” The Guild’s experts turned to the Shield Warrior, Lonely Castle.

Now that Crimson Fox, their commander and Guild Leader, was dead, the army fell into disarray. They still hadn’t destroyed Zero Wing’s magic barrier, and a constant stream of Exploding Arrows still rained down. Even with 20,000 reinforcements, they would be marching to their deaths.

“We…retreat,” Lonely Castle said, shaking his head dejectedly as he stared at Shi Feng, who stood at the top of the hill.

The strength Zero Wing had displayed was simply mind-boggling, and with their Guild Leader dead, Lonely Castle wasn’t confident of defeating the enemy Guild.

Hearing Lonely Castle’s order to retreat, Crimson Castle’s members breathed a sigh of relief. They abruptly scattered, fleeing the battlefield like madmen. When Crimson Castle’s reinforcements caught wind of the order, they, too, fled into the surrounding wilderness, not daring to set foot in Green Rain Town again.

The Guild members in Green Rain Town began to evacuate, afraid that the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons would obliterate them if they weren’t fast enough.

Meanwhile, news of Zero Wing’s victory spread throughout the Black Dragon Empire.

Although Guilds fought each other every day in the empire, large-scale siege wars were rare. After all, no Guild wanted to lose an advantage. These Guilds avoided all-out wars unless absolutely necessary.

Many of the empire’s players had been watching the battle between Zero Wing and Crimson Castle. Not even the latter’s tens of thousands of elite members in Green Rain Town were a match for Zero Wing’s 1,000-man team. No matter how they looked at it, the outcome was incomprehensible. Hence, news of the war had spread much quicker than usual.

“Did you hear? Crimson Castle was defeated.”

“What’s going on? Crimson Castle actually lost? Didn’t Zero Wing only dispatch 1,000 players?”

“That can’t be possible, right? After all, Crimson Castle has an elite army of tens of thousands. They weren’t a match for Zero Wing’s 1,000-man team? Are Crimson Castle’s members idiots?”

“You guys might not realize it since you weren’t there, but I watched the battle personally. Zero Wing had used some kind of war weapon to shatter the town’s defensive magic array in a single hit and kill several thousand players instantly. The second-rate Guilds that had allied with Crimson Castle pulled their forces from the town on the spot. Although Crimson Castle sent its army to meet its enemy, Zero Wing’s war weapons wiped out one-third of its forces before Crimson Castle could even reach the Guild.

“Zero Wing even used a fleet of Miniature Ballistas to bombard Crimson Castle’s forces with flaming arrows. Against so many war weapons, not even several hundred thousand elite players would have a chance, much less tens of thousands.”

The Black Dragon Empire’s official forums burned with conversation. Some people had even uploaded battle videos of Zero Wing’s assault on Green Rain Town.

Everyone who saw the two massive craters in Green Rain Town was stupefied. At the same time, they also understood why Crimson Castle had lost.

What a joke!

With a few more attacks of that scale, Green Rain Town would fall to ruin. Crimson Castle hadn’t had any hope of winning. In fact, that battle couldn’t be called a fight. This had simply been one-sided bullying. The number of Miniature Ballistas Zero Wing had employed in the end had been particularly ridiculous. How was a player army supposed to stand against so many war weapons?

Meanwhile, the recording of Crimson Fox’s death at Shi Feng’s hands showed the Black Dragon Empire’s players what a Sword King truly was.

“So, that is Zero Wing?” Everyone’s eyes glowed when they watched Zero Wing’s overwhelming power.

Although Zero Wing’s performance in the ranking competition had been frightening, it had only proven that the Guild had powerful experts. To the Black Dragon Empire’s players, Zero Wing had a long way to go before it could compare to the other large Guilds’ foundations.

However, after watching today’s battle, everyone believed that Zero Wing deserved the rank it won in the competition.

With so many weapons of war, who would possibly dare provoke the Guild?

For a time after the momentous battle, more of the empire’s players tried to join Zero Wing.

Now that they were certain of Zero Wing’s rise in the empire, they knew that it’d be far more difficult to join the Guild if they didn’t do so now, if they did not join now, it would become much more difficult to do so in the future.

At the same time, the empire’s various large Guilds held emergency meetings.

The goal of these meetings was simple: notify everyone to avoid provoking Zero Wing under any circumstances. At the same time, they began to reorganize their priorities, focusing on exploring ancient ruins to obtain more war weapons.

Shi Feng had no idea that due to this war, he had taught these Guilds an important lesson. The number of members a Guild had would no longer be important in Guild wars and siege battles. Defensive magic arrays and war weapons would decide victory. With these armaments, even a 1,000-man team could easily capture a Guild town.

…

Meanwhile, every player had fled Green Rain Town. Only the town’s NPCs remained.

“Guild Leader, are we going to take over Green Rain Town now?” Gentle Snow’s excitement grew when she saw the defenseless Guild town.

From the time they had arrived, the battle had only lasted a little over ten minutes, and they had captured a Guild town while only suffering minor losses. Moreover, Green Rain Town was in a resource-rich area. With this town, Zero Wing would have a much easier time collecting herbs and ores.

“No. We’re going to destroy it,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head.

“But Guild Leader, it’s a ready-made town…. If we claim it, we can save on construction costs,” Aqua Rose hurriedly advised when she heard Shi Feng’s plan.

What a joke!

It was clear that Crimson Castle must have invested at least several tens of thousands of Gold. Moreover, Green Rain Town was a high-resource town. Many Guilds would love such an opportunity. If not for Nine Dragons Emperor’s secret support, the empire’s first-rate Guilds would’ve long since tried to raid the town and claim it for their own.

Yet, Shi Feng wanted to abandon it! This was insane!

“There’s no need to get caught up in this town. We have a much better option,” Shi Feng said, smiling. He then took a blood-red stone that radiated a faint pressure from his bag. This was the stone that had dropped from Crimson Fox’s body.