Chapter 1431 - Aqua Rose Takes Action

Chapter 1431 – Aqua Rose Takes Action

When the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons had struck Green Rain Town, the resulting devastation hadn’t only shocked the various second-rate Guilds’ members. The spectating players retrieved their own Return Scrolls to flee the town as well.

Everyone was afraid that the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons would strike again. They might not be so lucky in the next assault. None of them were willing to throw their lives away just to watch a battle.

“Active the Guild War Order! Seal off that hill! I don’t want to see any of Zero Wing’s members leave this place alive!” Crimson Fox lost his composure as he glared at the distant hilltop.

In the next moment, Crimson Castle locked down Green Rain Town’s map. Return Scrolls were rendered ineffective, and players were forced to rely on other means to escape.

Once Crimson Fox had issued his orders, he led an army of 10,000 players in a charge towards their enemy.

This was his only option left.

If he continued to do nothing, he would be slaughtered. With the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons’ power, Green Rain Town would only last a few more hits, yet the town’s Defense Turrets couldn’t reach Zero Wing. He had no choice but to lead his own forces to stop Zero Wing.

However, the Shadow Dragon Legion had reacted long before Crimson Fox.

Shortly after the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons had attacked, Shadowtooth had led the Shadow Dragon Legion in its own charge.

…

“Guild Leader, a team of 1,000 players are approaching. They’re less than 1,000 yards away. They are very well-equipped, and although they aren’t wearing a Guild Emblem, they don’t look like independent players,” a Ranger, Negative Life, reported as he used Eagle Eyes to scout.

“A strong 1,000-man team without a Guild Emblem? Could it be the Shadow Dragon Legion?” Shi Feng suddenly recalled Phoenix Rain’s warning.

The Shadow Dragon Legion might not be as strong as Nine Dragon’s Emperor’s War Dragon Legion, but it was far more famous.

The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had once dispatched the Shadow Dragon Legion to capture an Intermediate City under a top-tier, first-rate Guild’s control. Naturally, said Guild had the support of powerful corporations and plenty of powerful experts. Although it hadn’t been a super-first-rate Guild, it had been beyond ordinary first-rate Guilds’ reach.

Yet, the Shadow Dragon Legion had single-handedly captured the Intermediate Town.

Cities and towns were different. Both Basic and Advanced towns lacked defenses, but as soon as they became cities, their defenses would undergo a qualitative transformation. With a Core Magic Array, not only could Guilds suppress their enemies, but they could also enhance their own forces. The Core Magic Array’s buff was even more powerful than the Magic Towers.

Moreover, the various large Guilds generally put everything into their cities’ development. The defensive structures one could build in an Intermediate City were far beyond that of a town. A Guild could construct hundreds of Defense Turrets in its city, as well as all sorts of advanced defensive structures.

Furthermore, well-funded, first-rate Guilds generally protected their Intermediate Cities with powerful magic arrays. It would take several shots from an Advanced Mana Pulse Cannon to break such a barrier. If the magic array had adequate energy, it might even be beyond an Advanced Mana Pulse Cannon’s power.

Yet, the Shadow Dragon Legion had captured the Intermediate City. News of the successful siege had shocked the various large Guilds. During that time, only a few of God’s Domain’s first-rate Guilds had Intermediate Cities, while most Guild cities were Basic rank. As a result, the various first-rate Guilds had been terrified of the Shadow Dragon Legion.

“The Shadow Dragon Legion? Isn’t that one of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s trump card legions?” Gentle Snow asked curiously when she heard Shi Feng’s comment.

“Nine Dragons Emperor has been secretly using Green Rain Town as a resource warehouse, so he has probably stationed the force there to protect the town,” Shi Feng explained.

“Guild Leader, I don’t think it’ll be easy to take on the Shadow Dragon Legion and Crimson Castle’s forces at the same time. Shadowtooth, the Shadow Dragon Legion’s commander, is the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s number one Assassin. Based on our information on him, he has a top-tier Epic short sword called Magic Breaker. It can cut through magic barriers like a hot knife through butter. Our magic array isn’t likely to hold the legion back,” Gentle Snow said worriedly.

They had considered the possibility of Crimson Castle’s forces charging to meet them, but as long as they had enough Magic Crystals, their movement-type defensive magic array shouldn’t have any issues holding back Tier 4 attacks. Unfortunately, it was a different story if Shadowtooth’s Magic Breaker got involved.

Without the defensive magic array’s protection, they wouldn’t survive an army of tens of thousands of elite players.

“Guild Leader, leave Shadowtooth to me,” Aqua Rose suddenly suggested. “As long as I take him down, we can proceed with activating the defensive magic array.”

“But…”

Although Gentle Snow tried to argue, Shi Feng beat her to it, saying, “Alright. I’ll leave him to you. Send everyone else to stop the Shadow Dragon Legion’s advanced. Don’t let anyone near the cannons.”

The Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons might be powerful, but they had obvious weaknesses. First, they could be moved freely. Second, like all war weapons, their Defense was paper-thin. Even a Tier 0 player could easily destroy them. Hence, the various large Guilds usually avoided using war weapons offensively.

“Guild Leader, this…”

Shi Feng’s decision astonished Gentle Snow.

Shadowtooth was an old monster with many years of fame. Even Nine Dragons Emperor treated the man with respect. His title as the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s number one Assassin wasn’t just for show, either. Even a peak expert like Yan Tianxing would struggle to survive a handful of moves against Shadowtooth.

Yet, Shi Feng had just sent Aqua Rose to deal with the Assassin alone. She’d be lucky to survive, much less kill the man. They’d only have a small possibility of defeating Shadowtooth if she, Aqua Rose, and Zhao Yueru worked together.

“Relax. If Shadowtooth reveals himself, leave him to Aqua. You all should focus on the Shadow Dragon Legion’s other experts. At the end of the day, that is still one of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s trump card legions. The force has plenty of Refinement Realm experts. Even with our Berserk Skills, we don’t have much of an advantage,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

Not only was Aqua Rose a Tier 2 player now, but she also had the Sea God’s Legacy. Since she had offered to take on Shadowtooth, she was confident in defeating him. If her victory weren’t possible, it wouldn’t be too late to send Gentle Snow and Zhao Yueru as reinforcements.

Suddenly, Negative Life announced, “Guild Leader, Crimson Castle has sent an army of over 10,000 players. The Shadow Dragon Legion’s members are also spreading out. By the looks of it, they plan to split into four groups.”

“They sure reacted quickly. Alright, let’s fire a round at Crimson Castle’s members first,” Shi Feng ordered when he noticed the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannon’s Cooldown coming to an end. “Aqua, Snow, Yueru, Negative, lead teams of 200 players and intercept the Shadow Dragon Legion. It’s about time we teach this legion that Zero Wing’s shouldn’t be provoked!”

“Understood!”

Zero Wing’s members couldn’t help their growing excitement. Fighting a trump card legion from a super-first-rate Guild would be far more fun than fighting a bunch of elite players.

…

The Shadow Dragon Legion soon reached the foot of the hill after splitting into four groups. In the next moment, a black-clad man dashed ahead of the groups towards the magic barrier protecting the hill. Upon reaching his target, the man swung the dull-gray short sword at the barrier.

Peng!

Instantly, he shattered the movement-type defensive magic array, the stored energy within dissipating. In addition, the magic array was forced into a five-minute Cooldown.

“The commander’s Magic Breaker really is impressive. Zero Wing’s members must be stunned. Not only will they die here, but we’ll also claim their two war weapons.”

As the Shadow Dragon Legion members discussed the vanishing barrier, a mesmerizing beauty appeared on the opposite side. This woman stood alone on the path leading up the hill. She wielded a dark-blue crystal staff and radiated an incredible aura.

This woman was none other than Aqua Rose.