Chapter 1432 - Aqua Rose Vs Shadowtooth

Chapter 1432 – Aqua Rose VS Shadowtooth

“Is she from Zero Wing?”

“She dares to come alone? She must be tired of living in this world.”

…

The Shadow Dragon Legion members revealed wicked smiles when they saw Aqua Rose on the hillside path.

There were over 200 players in their group, and any one of these players would be the strongest expert in a normal, large Guild.

Yet, Aqua Rose thought she could hold them off on her own. In their opinion, such an action was foolish and suicidal.

“We don’t have time to waste. A few of you go and finish her off. Everyone else, get to the hilltop. We must get our hands on those war weapons!” Shadowtooth shouted as he stared at Aqua Rose. Although she radiated an intense aura, a party from the Shadow Dragon Legion would be more than enough to deal with her.

“Understood!”

As soon as Shadowtooth issued his command, a six-man party split away from the group and dashed towards Aqua Rose.

This party consisted of an MT, one healer, and four DPS.

The Level 45 Shield Warrior leading the party used Charge at Aqua Rose. A moment after the Shield Warrior activated his Skill, the Berserker used Charge as well. At the same time, the Cleric cast a Truth Shield and Minor Recovery on the Shield Warrior, while two magical-class experts and one Ranger attacked Aqua Rose from a distance, aiming to cut off her path of retreat.

In seconds, three different attack methods closed in on Aqua Rose. The six Shadow Dragon Legion members’ coordination and timing were even beyond most expert parties.

However, Aqua Rose showed no intentions of fleeing. Instead, she lightly tapped the butt of her stuff on the ground. Immediately, a wall of water rose up before her. The water wall continued to grow taller, and soon, an eight-meter-tall wave protected Aqua Rose. This tidal wave then surged to meet the approaching Shield Warrior and Berserker.

The tidal wave had enough range that it blocked the incoming ranged attacks from the enemy rear; it was the perfect combination of offense and defense.

Meanwhile, the Shield Warrior and Berserker were too close to the tidal wave’s origin to dodge in time, and the massive wave devoured them both.

After the tidal wave passed, the Berserker, who had close to 40,000 HP, transformed into particles of white light and disappeared from the battlefield, a piece of equipment taking his place. As for the Shield Warrior, due to his quick reactions and activating Shield Wall in time, he survived Aqua Rose’s attack. However, less than one-third of his HP remained. Moreover, this was after Truth Shield had absorbed part of the attack’s damage.

“Just how high is her magic damage?” The magical class players were astonished as they stared at the surviving Shield Warrior.

It was obvious that the tidal wave had been the result of a channeled Spell. Channeled Spells were usually mini AOE attacks. With their magic damage, they’d be lucky to drop the Shield Warrior’s HP by one-third with a Tier 1 mini AOE Spell. Of course, that was if he didn’t activate Shield War and without Truth Shield’s protection.

“You’re still alive?” Aqua Rose was slightly surprised to see the MT standing. “It seems your Magic Resistance is quite high.”

She had used a Tier 1 Legacy Spell called Water Wave. However, despite being only a Tier 1 Spell, the Sea Dragon Staff had enhanced her attack’s power significantly. Overall, it should’ve rivaled a Tier 1 large-scale destruction Spell.

“Her magic damage is too high! Switch to range attacks!” the surviving Shield Warrior shouted as he gave Aqua Rose a cautious look.

The other party members nodded in agreement. Against magical-class players with high magic damage, a Shield Warrior with limited mobility was a sitting duck. Defeating such a target would be a piece of cake.

However, before the Shield Warrior could regret his hasty Charge, thorny, pitch-black vines bound his feet.

And before anyone had realized it, Aqua Rose had finished chanting another incantation as the surrounding Mana surged towards the Sea Dragon Staff.

Tier 2 Spell, Rising Flow!

Aqua Rose waved her staff at the Shield Warrior and magical-class players before her.

Over a dozen jets of water streaked away from her, dancing and intertwining across 50 yards; it was beautiful.

These jets’ speed could even rival that of Shi Feng’s swords. Even the Shield Warrior, who had kept his guard up against Aqua Rose’s attacks, only managed to block three jets of water before five other struck. The magical-class players, the Ranger, and the Cleric didn’t have time to attack since they had assumed the Shield Warrior had been the woman’s only target.

By the time they reacted, it was too late. Even the Cleric, who had only been struck once, had died instantly.

With a single move, Aqua Rose had killed five experts from the Shadow Dragon Legion.

“Impossible!” The Shadow Dragon Legion members that had planned to circle Aqua Rose to get up the hill were stupefied.

After the brief exchange, a party from the Shadow Dragon Legion had been defeated…

Aqua Rose had taken less time than a peak expert to eliminate one of the Shadow Dragon Legion’s parties.

Her Spells were terrifying. Not only were they extremely fast, but they also contained horrific power. The Cleric had lost all of his 30,000-plus HP to a single water jet.

However, Aqua Rose didn’t seem particularly surprised. Even if a non-MT player successfully blocked one of her water jets, they’d be either dead or close to it.

Rising Flow was a Tier 2 Spell, but with the Sea Dragon Staff’s buff, it had the power of a Tier 3 Spell.

“So, Zero Wing had another expert of this caliber?” Shadowtooth glared at Aqua Rose. A moment later, he revealed a playful smile as he muttered, “It’s no wonder why she dared to block our path by herself. I guess I can play with you for a bit.”

The hillside path was very narrow, making it easily defensible. And with such powerful Spells, they’d be little more than moving targets for the woman if they charged up the path. If they took an alternative route, climbing the hill’s steep slopes, they’d still be targets. Only, rather than Aqua Rose, the entirety of Zero Wing’s forces would use them as target practice. Hence, if they wanted to ascend this hill, they had to defeat Aqua Rosel.

Suddenly, Shadowtooth vanished. He then began to approach the woman.

Although Shadowtooth didn’t have Yan Tianxing’s True Orb, a Domain realm expert like him knew his environment like the back of his hand. Not only could he move quickly, but he could also prevent others from noticing his presence. Only players with active Observation or Perception Skills could catch a glimpse of him.

However, whether or not the opponent discovered his presence didn’t make a difference to an expert of Shadowtooth’s caliber. He was simply too fast. He was extremely difficult to pin down with ranged attacks.

Indeed, while Aqua Rose had detected the Assassin, none of her Spells found their target. It was as if Shadowtooth had grasped her Spells’ trajectory long before she had launched them, always moving out of their paths.

Sure enough, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s number one Assassin is truly powerful!

Although Aqua Rose was double-speed-casting, she couldn’t hinder Shadowtooth’s approach. Despite predicting the Assassin’s movements thanks to her enhanced physique, Shadowtooth predicted hers as well. As a result, she could only watch as the enemy Assassin closed in on her.

Aqua Rose hadn’t expected to encounter such a situation so soon after obtaining the Sea God’s Legacy. She controlled over a dozen projectile attacks, yet she couldn’t hit her target. If she allowed Shadowtooth to come within melee range, she was dead meat.

When Shadowtooth was only 20 yards away, he used Shadow Steps and appeared behind Aqua Rose. His Magic Breaker left an arc of gray light as it descended on the Cursemancer.

Suddenly, Aqua Rose shouted, “Bloom! Aqua Precinct!”