Chapter 1435 - Slaughter

Chapter 1435 – Slaughter

“Why is the Shadow Dragon Legion retreating?”

“Look! The Shadow Dragon Legion is missing a lot of members!”

“What?! The Shadow Dragon Legion actually lost to Zero Wing!?”

Crimson Castle’s members were stupefied as they watched the fleeing Shadow Dragon Legion. After all was said and done, the Shadow Dragon Legion was one of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s trump card legions. Although it only had 1,000 members, even a 10,000-man army from a first-rate Guild would be powerless against the legion. Particularly in narrow terrains such as this, a 1,000-man legion could exert its strength to its full potential.

Yet, Zero Wing’s 1,000-plus army had defeated this legion…

“Guild Leader, the Shadow Dragon Legion has retreated. What should we do?” An indescribable sense of shock gripped Lonely Castle’s heart.

“Useless garbage! Didn’t they tell us to leave everything to them?!” Crimson Fox ground his teeth as he glared at the distant Shadow Dragon Legion. “Since we can’t rely on the Shadow Dragon Legion, we’ll deal with this problem ourselves! I refuse to believe that Zero Wing can take on an army of 10,000 elites!”

There were always rumors in the virtual gaming world about superpowers’ trump card legions of 1,000 men slaughtering 10,000-men armies from first-rate Guilds. But they were just that, rumors. When it really came down to a fight, the victor was never guaranteed until the end.

“Advance! Surround the hill! Do not let a single Zero Wing player leave this place alive!” Crimson Fox commanded.

Immediately, all 15,000-plus Crimson Castle elites surged towards Zero Wing’s hill.

However, when Crimson Castle’s army was only 1,000 yards away from the hill, two beams of light descended from above.

Before these players could react, the black-and-white beams slammed into Crimson Castle’s army. Following which, two pillars of light rose into the sky. Even Green Rain Town’s players could see the spectacle.

When the two light pillars faded, they revealed two large, empty clearings in the middle of the army.

Despite the fact that Crimson Castle’s members had spread out, the two attacks had claimed over 6,000 lives…

Although these two shots had cost Shi Feng 4,000 Magic Crystals, he considered the exchange worthwhile since he had killed so many players.

“Zero…Wing!” Crimson Fox’s eyes turned bloodshot when he realized how many of his Guild members had vanished.

However, although Crimson Fox was furious, his companions didn’t share the same sentiment. Rather than rage, fear flashed in these players’ eyes.

With just two shots, Zero Wing had annihilated one-third of their forces. If Zero Wing fired the cannons a few more times, their army would be devastated.

…

Elsewhere, when the Shadow Dragon Legion saw the fading light pillars, they were relieved to escape the attacks.

If not for their commander ordering the retreat when he had, the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons would’ve claimed their lives.

They finally understood how pointless it was for a Guild to focus on quantity over quality. Collecting war weapons was far more important.

“Commander, are we really abandoning Green Rain Town?” a Shadow Dragon Legion member asked Shadowtooth.

Nine Dragons Emperor had personally tasked them with Green Rain Town’s protection. If they packed up and left now, they would most likely have to face the man’s wrath.

“What else are we supposed to do? Fight them?” Angrily, Shadowtooth snapped, “The only person to blame here is that fool, Crimson Fox! If he hadn’t resorted to petty tricks to stop Zero Wing from capturing Hidden Fog Town, Zero Wing wouldn’t have decided to make an example of Crimson Castle. Zero Wing isn’t what it was in the past. Notify the other Guilds under our control; tell them that unless they have a way to deal with those cannons, they should keep their heads down.”

He hadn’t wanted to interfere with the arrangement between Zero Wing and Crimson Castle in the first place, but since the Guild had come knocking on Green Rain Town’s door, it had forced his hand. In the end, not only had he failed to stop Zero Wing, but he also lost over 300 Shadow Dragon Legion members in a few minutes. It had been a heavy blow to the legion.

…

“What are you all afraid of?! These kinds of attacks have a long Cooldown! Zero Wing only has 1,000 players. If we finish them off quickly enough, they won’t have a chance to fire those cannons again!” Crimson Fox bellowed.

Although the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons were powerful, he had a rough estimate of their Cooldown. Four minutes and thirty seconds had passed between the first attack and the second. In other words, the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons’ Cooldown should be four to five minutes long. This was more than enough time for a 10,000-man army to wipe out 1,000 players.

Crimson Fox’s reasoning shook his players from their frightened daze. Reclaiming their confidence, they dashed for the hillside paths.

…

“Guild Leader, they’re advancing again,” Negative Life reported through the team chat.

“Good. Everyone, maintain your positions! Hold the enemy off for as long as possible!” Crimson Fox’s determination didn’t particularly surprise Shi Feng. The man had no more paths of retreat. If he let Zero Wing attack unhindered, he’d lose Green Rain Town and his army. The Guild Leader had to fight.

However, climbing the hill wasn’t so simple. Zero Wing’s main force and Dark Gods Legion members were stationed around the hillside paths. With the terrain, they had the advantage. As for trading the established paths for the steep slopes, doing so was suicide.

This was also Zero Wing’s main reason for choosing this hill. Otherwise, he would’ve chosen a farther location. After all, the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons had a maximum range of 20,000 yards.

With Aqua Rose and the others guarding the four available hillside paths, the hill was like an impenetrable fortress.

The path Zhao Yueru’s team guarded was especially atrocious. With MTs at the forefront, Zhao Yueru could attack freely. Even when Crimson Castle’s MTs activated their Lifesaving Skills, receiving all sorts of damage absorption buffs, the Flame Witch’s powerful fire-type Spells killed them instantly, giving Crimson Castle’s healers no time to help their companions. With each volley, Zhao Yueru claimed two or three dozen lives.

All Crimson Castle’s members could do at this point was trade blow for blow.

However, both Zero Wing’s main force and the Dark Gods Legion had consumed Sea God’s Blessings, increasing all of their Resistances by 100 points. With their inherent Defense and Magic Resistance, they didn’t even lose more than 4,000 HP from a direct hit. Furthermore, the MTs blocked the majority of the incoming attacks with their shields. The blocked attacks were lucky to deal over -100 damage to Zero Wing’s MTs.

Meanwhile, Gentle Snow fought like a literal war goddess as she faced Crimson Castle’s members. After receiving a Truth Shield from one of the Clerics in the rear, she dashed into the group of MTs on her path and started a massacre. With Whirlwind Slash, she sent over a dozen MTs flying. Although Crimson Castle’s ranged players tried to bombard the Snow Goddess, she dodged the majority of their attacks. Even if she failed to dodge an attack, none of them dealt more than -2,000 damage thanks to her Seven Luminaries Battle Army and the Sea God’s Blessing. After activating Seven Luminaries Domain, she was even more of a juggernaut.

Aqua Rose’s path was a simpler scene. The twelve water snakes she summoned with Aqua Precinct were practically invincible. No matter how many Crimson Castle members came at her, she sent them all flying. Her Mana was the only problem, but the Guild’s Oracles and Druids easily solved the problem, supporting Aqua Rose by replenishing her Mana. Including the Advanced Mana Recovery Potions, she should have no problems maintaining Aqua Precinct until the Intermediate Mana Pulse Cannons’ Cooldown completed.

Time passed very quickly. After a few minutes, Crimson Castle had lost nearly 3,000 members, with 80% of the army’s MTs dead. With most of its meat shields gone, Crimson Castle had to rely on their melee players to break Zero Wing’s blockades. In contrast, Zero Wing had only suffered around 20 casualties thus far.

“It’s about time we give Crimson Castle a taste of Zero Wing’s true power.” When Shi Feng saw more reinforcements from Crimson Castle coming from Green Rain Town, he retrieved the Bible of Darkness and a large number of Miniature Ballistas.