Chapter 1442 - Another Method

Chapter 1442 – Another Method

“I just need to help you with this problem?”

Shi Feng gave the Countess a confused look. He hadn’t expected another option to be available.

Honestly, even a Super Guild would be hard-pressed to collect 5,000,000 Magic Crystals within a month. Even with the Manatite vein, it would be a challenge. Sadly, it’d be impossible to obtain 100,000 Mana Stones any other way. After all, not everyone was lucky enough to have a fragment of the Philosopher’s Stone. Without the Philosopher’s Stone, a Guild’s main source of Mana Stones would be Bosses in 100-man Dungeons. Having their alchemists synthesize Mana Stones would be impractical, as well; doing so would even bankrupt a Super Guild.

“That’s right. I need someone to help me retrieve an item. However, the item is in a somewhat special location. The higher a visitor’s tier is, the more dangerous the location is. Since you are only Tier 2, you should have a chance of securing the item,” Katie Green said, nodding. Suddenly, however, she chuckled softly and said, “But before you go, you’ll have to past a test of strength.”

“Countess, I am willing to give it a try.” Shi Feng agreed without hesitation.

This was an opportunity to obtain one of the Seven Treasures. Naturally, he couldn’t afford to turn it down. Besides, the quest was far more reliable than affording the unrealistic price of 5,000,000 Magic Crystals.

Throughout their conversation, Shi Feng had understood one thing; the later he discovered Countess Katie Green’s ownership of the Bracelet of Time, the harder it would be to obtain it. She had already stated that the quest would become more dangerous as one reached higher tiers, lowering the player’s chances of success.

“Good. Follow me.” Katie Green then stood and walked towards a dark corridor in a corner of the indoor garden.

The corridor was narrow, and the only light came from candles set in intervals. As they ventured further down the corridor, the air became colder.

After walking for about ten minutes or so, they arrived in an empty hall. A set of locked, steel doors loomed at the end of the room.

The steel doors were entirely covered in frost. Even though Shi Feng’s Ice Resistance was high, he was still cold. If a player with lower Ice Resistance came here, they’d freeze to death.

“Not bad. You’ve endured this far without my help. You have passed the first test.” Katie Green nodded in approval when she noticed the cold barely affect Shi Feng. “You’re second test is next, a test of your combat power.”

As Katie Green spoke, a silver Magic Scroll appeared in her hands. She unfurled it and began to chant an incantation.

Suddenly, a silver magic array appeared before the Countess, gathering the surrounding Mana. A moment later, a three-meter-tall humanoid creature manifested in the middle of the array. This humanoid figure wore silver armor and carried a greatsword that radiated frosty air. Unlike ordinary humans, dark-green flames danced in the figure’s eyes.

–

[Hell Knight] (Undead, Great Lord)

Level 57

HP 15,000,000/15,000,000

–

“Kill this Hell Knight, and you will pass the second test,” Katie Green said as she gestured towards the Hell Knight.

–

System: You have accepted Katie Green’s second test.

Quest content: Clear the second test. Your reward will vary depending on your evaluation.

–

Before Shi Feng could even read the system notification, the Hell Knight roared and unsheathed the greatsword from its back. It dashed straight for Shi Feng, giving him no time to prepare.

The Great Lord ranked Hell Knight crossed the 20 yards separating them in the blink of an eye. Upon arriving before Shi Feng, the Hell Knight brandished its greatsword, the weapon transforming into three streaks of silver light as they flew towards the Swordsman. The Hell Knight had completed the entire process as smoothly as flowing water. The Hell Knight moved like an expert with years of combat experience. There were no excess movements in its actions.

High intelligence!

Shi Feng was surprised to see the sword lights moving towards him. He had assumed that he’d have to face a weakened Great Lord, but the Hell Knight’s combat techniques were clearly superior to ordinary Great Lords. The Great Lord had obviously reached the Half-step Refinement Realm standard.

In response, Shi Feng countered with Killing Ray.

Dang… Dang… Dang…

Sparks scattered as a series of clangs echoed throughout the empty hall.

Shi Feng was forced back by five steps before he could stabilize his body. Meanwhile, three damages of over -1,500 appeared above his head. In contrast, the Hell Knight remained unharmed. Shi Feng’s counterattack had only paused the Great Lord’s attack.

After the initial clash, Shi Feng knew that he was no match for the Hell Knight’s Strength. In fact, there was a large gap between them.

What power! Shi Feng began to take this fight seriously as the Hell Knight charged towards him once again. He immediately executed Void Steps, vanishing.

Although Shi Feng had only clashed with the Hell Knight for a moment, he had gained a rough prediction of the monster’s standards. Not only did the Hell Knight have the Strength of a Grand Lord, but its reactions and speed also ranked near the top among Great Lords of the same level. If not for his three Fragmented Legendary items, it would’ve already killed him.

“Not a bad technique. Unfortunately, it is useless against the Hell Knight.” When Shi Feng had disappeared, Katie Green had been slightly surprised.

However, she shook her head and chuckled.

The Hell Knight wasn’t a living being, and although it could see, it could also rely on its ability to detect living beings during a fight. Even if Shi Feng’s footwork technique removed him from his opponent’s sight, he couldn’t erase his aura as a living creature. Unless he entered a different space entirely, the Hell Knight could keep track of him.

Indeed, even after Shi Feng had vanished, the Hell Knight showed no signs of hesitation. The massive creature thrust its greatsword into the ground.

Suddenly, dozens of ice swords rained down from above, targeting a seemingly-unoccupied location.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Before the ice swords struck the ground, their trajectories diverted as if they had encountered an invisible wall. At the same time, Shi Feng reappeared. Each ice sword carried 100% of the Hell Knight’s Strength. As a result, Shi Feng lost a little bit of his HP each time he deflected an ice sword. In less than a second, he had lost over 20,000 HP.

While Shi Feng dealt with the descending ice swords, the Hell Knight pulled its weapon from the ground and ran at the Swordsman. As it reached Shi Feng, it swung its greatsword skillfully, matching the timing of its swings with the final eight ice swords. Each of the monster’s swings targeted Shi Feng’s blind spots.

“This must be his limit. Not bad. His score should be above 70.” Seeing Shi Feng’s HP near zero, Katie Green prepared to cast a buff.

There was no doubt that the Hell Knight was strong. Even a peak, Tier 3 NPC of the same level would struggle in a fight against it, much less a Tier 2 player. She hadn’t wanted to lend Shi Feng a hand until now because she wanted to see how long the player would hold his ground against the Great Lord. As for her requirement for killing the Hell Knight?

She had merely said that to ensure that Shi Feng would fight with everything he had.

Actually killing the Hell Knight would take a miracle.

After all, the Hell Knight was an Advanced Combat Servant she had obtained after plenty of trials. Every Count and Countess in the Black Dragon Empire longed for one themselves, but only she had control of an Advanced Combat Servant.

Just before Katie Green stopped the battle, a blue light flashed before the Hell Knight’s descending greatsword. Suddenly, the Hell Knight flew through the air. Its remaining eight ice swords shattered instantly.

Golden, divine runes wrapped around Shi Feng’s entire body, and his aura had undergone a heaven-defying transformation.

This was none other than the Heavenly Dragon’s Power.

Shi Feng hadn’t intended to use Heavenly Dragon’s Power so soon, but the Hell Knight was far more powerful than he had expected. If he continued to hold back, he would only get himself killed.

“Alright, let’s begin the second round!”

Shi Feng shifted his gaze towards the Hell Knight, which had finally regained its footing, and advanced.