Chapter 1441 - Treasure Of Time

Chapter 1441 – Treasure of Time

Shi Feng was shocked when he saw the items on the table.

In the past, the only item the Countess had offered for trade was the Temporal Sand, yet now she had offered over ten items. Moreover, none of these items were any less valuable than the Temporal Sand.

As expected of the proprietess of Abyss City’s blackmarket Shop. She even has an item like this.

Shi Feng’s gaze couldn’t help but drift to a leaf of lambskin parchment.

Although the Temporal Sand was very valuable, players could obtain it from other sources. However, encountering the lambskin parchment on the table depended on luck.

This parchment was none other than the Magic Thruster Design.

The various large Guild would go crazy over this item.

The Magic Thruster was capable of increasing a ship’s Movement Speed by 30%. To naval players, this item was a godsend.

Unlike on land, there were far fewer teleportation points available out at sea. If players wished to travel to a particular island to level, they generally had to travel by boat. A 30% increase to Movement Speed would undoubtedly save players a lot of travel time. Moreover, there were many sea monsters in the ocean. If an ordinary boat encountered a Boss-grade sea monster, escape was practically impossible. With the Magic Thruster, however, even an ordinary boat had a high chance of getting away safely. Players were even more likely to escape if they had an ordinary speedboat or better.

Hence, Magic Thrusters were highly sought after. Even players with cheap ships would be desperate for one.

The Magic Thruster’s only drawback was that it was a Consumable item; it would disappear after being used for a certain amount of time. Moreover, depending on how much Mana it uses, the Magic Thruster’s duration would differ. The smaller a ship was, the less Mana it would cost to enhance its Movement Speed and vice versa. As an example, on an ordinary speedboat, the Magic Thruster could last for 48 hours.

However, the Magic Thruster was not cheap. Even once the price had stabilized on the market, each thruster had sold for 1 Gold, 50 Silver in the past. It wasn’t an item ordinary players could afford. Generally, only powerful adventurer teams and Guilds had purchased the item to augment their high-quality ships. With the speed boost, they could travel to more dangerous locations and reap greater rewards.

Shi Feng had never thought that Countess Katie Green would willingly offer such a precious design for exchange.

Only, the price was slightly high.

The Countess wanted 1,000 Mana Stones for the design…

Even though Shi Feng could synthesize Mana Stones with the Philosopher’s Stone, it wasn’t a cheap endeavor. Each Mana Stone required 50 Magic Crystals. In other words, that design would cost him 50,000 Magic Crystals.

Although he had accumulated quite a sum recently, he had spent a lot of his crystals during the fight against Crimson Castle. After taking into account his personal expenditures, he only had enough Magic Crystals to purchase two designs.

For a moment, Shi Feng wasn’t sure what to do.

Magic Crystals were invaluable to Zero Wing. Without them, it’s war weapons would be useless. If he spent all of the Guild’s reserves to purchase the Magic Thruster Designs, he would regret the decision should the Guild come under attack.

“Oh, right. I have another item for sale.” Seeing Shi Feng’s hesitation, Katie Green smiled. She then retrieved a dark-gray bracelet and placed it on the table. “I happened to come across this treasure by chance. However, it’s no longer useful to me. If you can afford it, this item can be yours.”

“This is…” Shi Feng was stunned when he saw the dark-gray bracelet.

The bracelet looked ordinary, like nothing more than a string of dark-gray beads. However, the Golden Stigmata indicated that it was one of the Seven Treasures.

Unfortunately, due to severe damage, it was only an Epic item.

–

[Bracelet of Time] (Epic Rank Item)

This bracelet had once possessed the frightening power of time. Unfortunately, it has sustained heavy damage.

Additional Active Skill-

Temporal Sand: Can produce Temporal Sand by absorbing Mana Stones. No Cooldown. (Each Mana Stone produces two grains of Temporal Sand.)

After sustaining damage and being tainted by Evil Energy, the Evil Energy within will taint the item’s wearer as well.

Drops on death.

–

This is one of the Seven Treasures?

Shi Feng stared at the Bracelet of Time in shock.

Although Mana Stones were expensive and difficult to obtain, Temporal Sand was far more valuable. It also had far more uses. Practically every Lifestyle class could use it. Meanwhile, by using the Bracelet of Time, one only needed to invest one Mana Stone to obtain two Temporal Sand grains. It was certainly a profitable exchange.

He had always wondered how the Countess got her hands on so much Temporal Sand. It turned out that it was thanks to one of the Seven Treasures.

However, it seemed that his previous visit had interrupted Katie Green’s plans, forcing the Countess to collect a large number of Mana Stones and convert them into Temporal Sand as quickly as possible.

However, the Countess’s asking price was exorbitant. She wanted for 100,000 Mana Stones for the bracelet…

Even if he had the Philosopher’s Stone, synthesizing 100,000 Mana Stones would cost him 5,000,000 Mana Stones. With Zero Wing’s current net income, it would take months to save up that many Magic Crystals.

As for stealing the Bracelet of Time, even if Shi Feng had 100 lives, he would not dare do so.

“Countess, may I know if I can trade Mana Stones for these items if I visit you in the future?” Shi Feng asked.

If Countess Katie Green had only offered this Bracelet of Time on a whim, it would be out of his hands. If she were selling it long-term, however, he would have a chance to purchase it.

As long as he obtained the Manatite vein on Karna Island and maintained his hold on the rapidly developing Stone Forest Town, he could collect 5,000,000 Magic Crystals given enough time. He was only afraid that the Countess’s offer was a one-time chance.

Hearing Shi Feng’s question, Katie Green fell silent for a moment. Following which, she replied, “The other items will be available in the future, but I don’t want to hold onto this bracelet for long. I am prepared to sell it on the blackmarket to the highest bidder in a month. If you can gather 100,000 Mana Stones before the auction, I’ll sell it to you instead.”

“A month, huh?” Shi Feng frowned.

Although it was good news that the Countess wasn’t only offering the bracelet right now, the time limit wasn’t.

Aside from giants like Super Guilds, collecting 5,000,000 Magic Crystals in a month was a dream.

The various large Guilds spent a large amount of Magic Crystals every day. Even powerful first-rate Guilds could only save four or five thousand crystals per day. Unless he could save up around 170,000 Magic Crystals each day, gathering 5,000,000 in one month would be impossible…

As Shi Feng racked his brain for a solution, Katie Green smiled and said, “If you are interested in the Bracelet of Time, I can give it to you even if you don’t have 100,000 Mana Stones. You see, I’ve recently encountered a little trouble. If you help me deal with this problem, I am willing to offer the bracelet as compensation.”