Chapter 1443 - Advanced Combat Servant

Chapter 1443 – Advanced Combat Servant

After upgrading Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, not only did Heavenly Dragon’s Power increase Shi Feng’s Strength, but it also increased his Agility.

Shi Feng reached the Hell Knight almost instantly, brandishing Abyssal Blade and Killing Ray as he executed Sword’s Orbit.

A galaxy of stars glittered around Shi Feng, intertwining as they bombarded the Great Lord, which had just gotten back on its feet.

Although the Hell Knight’s combat standards were at the Half-step Refinement Realm, it was a child in Shi Feng’s eyes. He easily grasped the monster’s blind spots and attack trajectories.

Shi Feng could’ve easily dodged the Hell Knight’s attacks, but he had chosen to repulse them instead.

Now that he had activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power, his Strength was slightly higher than a Grand Lord’s of the same level. Hence, he was stronger than the Hell Knight. If he chose to dodge the incoming attacks, he would only reduce his opportunities to deal damage.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

One sword light after another clashed with the Hell Knight’s greatsword, the resulting impacts forcing the Great Lord back and preventing it from stabilizing its posture. After six consecutive attacks, the Hell Knight lost its grip on its weapon as the greatsword flew from the monster’s hands.

“Die!”

Shi Feng activated Flame Burst, a blinding glow enveloping his blades. He assaulted the defenseless Hell Knight with a series of devastating blows.

-164,878!

-331,478!

-332,015!

All 15 attacks found their marks, causing the Great Lord’s HP decrease at a tremendous rate. In an instant, the Hell Knight had lost 20% of its HP.

Meanwhile, Flame Burst’s terrifyingly destructive power sent the Hell Knight crashing into the frozen, steel doors, and they shuddered upon impact.

Taking advantage of the Hell Knight’s incapacitated state, Shi Feng hurriedly activated Lightning Edge.

He couldn’t normally use the attack in a high-speed battle due to Lightning Edge’s 0.5-second channeling time, but the injured Hell Knight had collapsed to the ground. He had more than enough time to activate the Skill.

Numerous silver sword lights danced before Shi Feng, the forming a silver river that flowed towards the Hell Knight.

-244,678!

-243,167!

…

Lightning Edge’s powerful assault incapacitated the Hell Knight once more. The Great Lord was defenseless as the countless sword lights bit into its flesh. After five seconds, the Hell Knight only had two-thirds of its HP remaining.

Despite dealing two successful blows, Shi Feng had no intentions on relaxing his offense. The moment Lightning Edge ended, Shi Feng appeared before the Hell Knight and swung the Abyssal Blade down towards the Great Lord. However, the Hell Knight quickly responded. At a critical moment, it reclaimed its greatsword and used it as a shield, blocking Shi Feng’s blade. Unfortunately, while it had held off the Abyssal Blade, it couldn’t do anything about the nine sword shadows that had appeared around it.

Tier 2 Skill, Shadow Blade!

In the end, all nine shadows carved into the Hell Knight, devouring the Great Lord’s HP at a rate visible to the naked eye.

“He’s overwhelmed it?”

Surprise flashed in Countess Katie Green’s eyes as she watched Shi Feng dominate her Hell Knight.

She had never thought that a mear Tier 2 player of the same level could surpass her Advanced Combat Servant. Not even she could’ve done so when she had been Tier 2.

Soloing a Great Lord of the same level was difficult for a Tier 2 class. Great Lord’s HP was simply too high. These monsters’ battle recovery alone was enough to overwhelm a Tier 2 player.

However, Katie Green didn’t recognize Shi Feng for the monster he was.

Despite only being a Tier 2 player, Shi Feng wielded three Fragmented Legendary items. Although none of them were weapons, their overall effects were astonishing.

Moreover, the Hell Knight wasn’t actually a Great Lord of the same level. After all, it only had 15,000,000 HP. An ordinary Level 57 Great Lord should have at least 40,000,000 HP. If not for the Hell Knight’s Strength and high combat standards, Shi Feng could’ve easily defeated it without a Berserk Skill. Now that he had activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power, suppressing the Hell Knight was a piece of cake.

“Interesting. Truly interesting. He had held back so much of his strength.” Katie Green’s lips curled into a smile as she watched Shi Feng shave off the Hell Knight’s HP. “However, I’m afraid that the unstable power of a Berserk Skill isn’t enough to defeat my Hell Knight.”

When the Hell Knight’s HP fell to 30%, it released a sudden and deafening roar. It’s silver armor shattered, causing such a powerful shockwave that even Shi Feng had to step back.

As the silver armor fell away, it revealed the Hell Knight’s crimson skin. Shi Feng also noticed dark-blue, divine runes all over the Hell Knight’s tough hide, radiating a daunting pressure. The green flames in the monster’s eyes also turned dark-blue, its chilling gaze causing Shi Feng to shudder.

“It’s gone berserk?” Shi Feng went on the defensive as he watched the Great Lord transform.

This monster was like a completely different being compared to the Hell Knight from a second ago.

“Berserk?” Katie Green smiled. Shaking her head, she said, “This is not some kind of Berserk Mode. It is merely liberating its power. I specifically make the creature wear the armor to suppress most of its power.”

Advanced Combat Servants weren’t like monsters and puppets. They fought their way to victory in the black market’s Death Arena.

Servants that won 20 consecutive matches in the arena became Basic Combat Servants, while those that won 50 consecutive matches were Intermediate Combat Servants. A Combat Servant would only rise to Advanced rank after winning 100 consecutive matches.

Hence, Combat Servants were generally stronger than beings of the same tier. Needless to say, a Tier 3 Advanced Combat Servant was extraordinarily powerful.

This was why the other Counts and Countesses in the Black Dragon Empire wanted their own Advanced Combat Servant. However, Advanced Combat Servants were incredibly expensive. Every one was a combat genius. Most nobles couldn’t afford one.

They generally settled for a few Intermediate Combat Servants.

After the Hell Knight removed its armor, its Attributes underwent a qualitative transformation. Its rank had also increased from Great Lord to Grand Lord. Without the armor, the Hell Knight’s mobility increased as well. Now, its combat standards had reached the Refinement Realm.

“I wonder how long you’ll last against it?” Katie Green chuckled.

So far, Shi Feng had displayed more strength than she had expected. He had earned 100 points in his evaluation just by forcing the Hell Knight to abandon its armor. However, this had only fed the Countess’s curiosity, and she wanted to see how far this player could go.

So, this is the test to obtain one of the Seven Treasures?

Shi Feng could not help his bitter smile as he watched the Hell Knight slowly approach.

Having the power to solo a Grand Lord of the same level was ridiculous. Moreover, this Grand Lord’s combat standards were on par with Refinement Realm experts…

When the Hell Knight raised its greatsword, Shi Feng took in a deep breath.

“Come!”

Shouting, Shi Feng activated Tier 2 Blade Liberation, his Attributes skyrocketing once more. He then swung the Abyssal Blade to meet the incoming greatsword.

When the two weapons collided, sparks illuminated the dark hall. The resulting shockwave sent dust and debris into the air.

“What?” The Countess’s mouth twitched when Shi Feng blocked the Hell Knight’s attack. “He was still holding back?”

After the clash, the Hell Knight was forced to take five steps backward. In contrast, Shi Feng hadn’t moved an inch. He then dashed at the Grand Lord.

Although Shi Feng’s Strength wasn’t as high as Mythic monster’s of the same level after activating Twofold Berserk, he wasn’t far from it. The Hell Knight, which was only a Grand Lord, was no match for him.

Without using any Skills, Shi Feng effortlessly broke through the Hell Knight’s defenses with only Sword’s Orbit. As slash after slash split the Hell Knight’s iron-like skin, the monster’s HP plummeted.

When only 1% of the Hell Knight’s HP remained, a golden light enveloped the monster. The Hell Knight transformed into a stream of blue smoke that flowed back into the Magic Scroll in Katie Green’s hands.

…

System: Congratulations! You have completed Katie Green’s second test.