Chapter 1448 - Shocking Cold Wind City

Chapter 1448 – Shocking Cold Wind City

“Who is he?”

“An expert like this guy was hidden in Cold Wind City all this time?”

The Aurora Sword’s party members, who had been about to flee, were stupefied by the scene before them.

They had never seen such a massive gap between players’ strength. Even zerg tactics would crumble against Shi Feng.

A second ago, over a hundred players from Matchless Family had Shi Feng surrounded. Now, however, only a dozen or so players were still standing. These players were only alive because they had reacted quickly enough, activating their Lifesaving Skills upon realizing the severity of the situation. Otherwise, they, too, would’ve been electrocuted and turned to ash with their dead companions.

“Monster…”

“Run!”

No one knew which player had shouted, but upon hearing the word ‘run,’ every surviving Matchless Family member turned and fled as if a pistol had gone off to sign the start of some race.

They all knew that if they fled as a group, none of them would get away, but Shi Feng couldn’t catch them all if they ran in different directions.

However, contrary to expectations, Shi Feng didn’t immediately run after the feeling players. He simply sheathed his two swords and activated Chilling Field.

Chilling Field covered a 50-yard radius. Upon activation, the Skill enveloped every fleeing player. Nine, dark-gray swords appeared above the Guild players.

As Matchless Family’s members focused on escape, they did not manage to react to the incoming attacks in time. As a result, the dark gray swords pierced their hearts with zero resistance, plundering the little HP they had remaining.

After two waves of attacks, the last of Matchless Family’s players transformed into particles of white light and disappeared, leaving only weapons and equipment in their places.

“Is he…really a Swordsman?” Solitary Nine was thunderstruck as he watched the instantaneous slaughter.

Among the dozen or so survivors, the closest had been 20 yards from Shi Feng, while the farthest had been over 35 yards away, yet even from such a distance, Shi Feng obliterated them effortlessly. With such attack capabilities, could anyone escape this man’s wrath?

Solitary Nine’s party members stared at Shi Feng, shock and fear dancing in their eyes.

Although they had encountered plenty of experts before, they had never felt so powerless before one.

It had taken Shi Feng only a few moves to wipe out over a hundred experts from Matchless Family…

When they had first seen the Swordsman, they hadn’t thought much of him. However, chills crawled down their spines as they watch Shi Feng calmly collect the loot littering the snowy ground.

It was as if the thing walking towards them was some prehistoric beast, not a player.

As Shi Feng collected the dropped weapons and equipment, each item surprised him more than the last. Only a small fraction of the loot was system-made. Most of the weapons and equipment were crafted items…

The lowest rank among these items was Secret-Silver, while the highest quality items were Dark-Gold rank. Every weapon and piece of equipment was Level 40.

Currently, even Zero Wing’s prided Candlelight Trading Firm could only mass-producing Level 40 Mysterious-Iron Weapons and Equipment. Only the top-ranking Lifestyle players were capable of crafting Level 40 Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment. Moreover, they could only craft a limited amount.

One of the reasons for the low production volume was material rarity.

Another reason was the low success rate, which resulted in high production costs. Rather than waste time trying to procure rare materials, most players simply purchased their weapons and equipment in the Auction House.

The fact that the majority of the weapons and equipment Matchless Family’s members had dropped were player-made was inconceivable.

The development of weapon and equipment production on God’s Domain’s continent was already quite fast, yet it was nothing compared to Ice Crystal World.

While Shi Feng collected the scattered items, Solitary Nine took the initiative to approach the man.

“Friend, thank you for earlier. If not for you, Matchless Family’s members would’ve killed us. I am Solitary Nine, the commander of the Aurora Sword adventurer team,” Solitary Nine introduced himself. “If you have any problems in Cold Wind City, please feel free to contact me.”

Although Aurora Sword wasn’t one of Cold Wind City’s top adventurer teams, it was relatively well-known. The team had over a hundred members in total, and although they were strong enough to make major changes in the city, they could deal with minor issues.

The other party members nodded eagerly.

They both feared and revered Shi Feng. If they spread the news about what had happened here, it would cause chaos in Cold Wind City.

Matchless Family was a peerless organization in Cold Wind City, yet Shi Feng had slaughtered over a hundred of its experts by himself. He was a monster-like existence. Countless players dreamed of befriending an expert like him.

“Cold Wind City?” After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng asked, “Can you tell me a little about the situation in Cold Wind City?”

He had practically no understanding of the Ice Crystal World, let alone any clues leading to Eternal Ice Crystals.

Now that Katie Green had sent him here, if he did not acquire the required Eternal Ice Crystals within a month, he would have a far more difficult time obtaining the Bracelet of Time.

The first thing he needed to do was learn about the situation here. Once he did, he’d have an easier time searching for the Eternal Ice Crystals.

“Tell you about Cold Wind City?” Solitary Nine was taken aback. He quickly recovered from his surprise and asked, “Could it be…that you’re not a player from this region?”

The others were similarly dumbfounded.

Everyone knew that unless one crossed the Snow Rift, it was impossible to leave or enter the Cold Wind City region.

“That’s right. I’m not from this area.” Shi Feng nodded, feeling no particular need to hide the truth. After all, players in Otherworlds didn’t always stay there. As they reached higher levels, the system would gradually integrate them into the rest of the game. Besides, it’s not like they could do anything about his origin.

Realization dawned Solitary Nine and the others. It was no wonder why they had never seen a monster like Shi Feng in Cold Wind City.

However, Solitary Nine and his companions couldn’t help their rueful sighs.

Solitary Nine was one of the top three MTs in Cold Wind City. He should rank near the top in other regions as well, but they had never imagined that other regions would have experts like this Swordsman. It was easy to surmise that the expert standards in other regions were much higher than in Cold Wind City.

This revelation was a mental blow.

At the same time, though, they were eager to leave their city and explore other maps.

Only, Solitary Nine and the others did not know that Shi Feng was not from a different region in the Ice Crystal World. Rather, he had come from God’s Domain’s continent. Even in his home region, Shi Feng only ranked among the top 100 on the God’s Domain Experts List.

Following which, Solitary Nine explained some basic details and the general situation in Cold Wind City.

…

Meanwhile, an uproar shook Cold Wind City.

Matchless Family’s failed attempt to annihilate the Aurora Sword adventurer team had already reached the public.

Not only had the Guild member failed to kill a single player from the group, but hundreds of its experts had also been eliminated by some passing Swordsman.