Chapter 1440 - Tier 5 Sacred Magic Knight

Chapter 1440 – Tier 5 Sacred Magic Knight

“Sir, this is the Countess’s mansion. Outsiders are prohibited from entering.”

As soon as Shi Feng set foot in the compound, an elderly man in a black suit appeared before him.

“Outsiders are prohibited?” Shi Feng was curious as he looked at the old man.

–

[Milton (Countess’s Steward)] (Human)

Level 140

HP 55,000,000/55,000,000

–

Although this was a Countess’s mansion, Countess Katie Green was the proprietress of many of the empire’s blackmarket Shops. She often had business with many NPC merchants. Hence, she never restricted entry to her mansion.

He hadn’t encountered a single servant during his previous visit, yet entry was now restricted. It was clear that the Countess had grown cautious.

If he did not deal with this situation properly, he might further agitate the Countess. She might even move her base of operations elsewhere.

Fortunately, he had the Nightwalker’s Cape. The Countess wouldn’t easily see through his disguise.

“Hello. I’ve heard that the Countess is interested in Mana Stones. I have quite a few on hand. May I know if I can speak with her ladyship?” Shi Feng said as he revealed his Demon Hunter title.

The Demon Hunter title granted him the authority of a World Noble. As such, he enjoyed the status of a noble throughout all of God’s Domain’s human territories. With this title, he could even gain access to a Duke’s home.

“So, you are Lord Demon Hunter. Please, follow me.”

Milton immediately adopted a respectful attitude upon seeing Shi Feng’s title. The old man then led Shi Feng into the mansion.

In the past, Countess Katie Green had been quite famous in the Black Dragon Empire. There were two reasons for her renown. The first reason was Countess Katie Green’s ownership of the blackmarket in Black Dragon Empire’s Abyss City. Abyss City was like Star-Moon Kingdom’s Evernight City in that it was also a Dark City. Countess Katie Green’s blackmarket Shop in the city offered players a variety of high-quality items, some of which could even tempt Super Guilds.

However, it was not easy to purchase the items from this Shop. To gain access, one first needed sufficient Favorability with the Countess. Players would only be able to purchase items after becoming members of the Shop. Meanwhile, the Shop didn’t accept Coins or Magic Crystals as payment. Rather, one had to haggle and offer items of equal value.

The second and most important reason for the Countess’s fame in the empire was related to her stock of Temporal Sand.

Temporal Sand was incredibly rare. Normally, players only had a chance of obtaining a few grains from super-large-scale Team Dungeons. Depending on the Dungeon’s difficulty, the drop-rate would vary. However, even Normal Mode super-large-scale Team Dungeons were no walk in the park. These Dungeons were generally reserved for large Guilds and a small number of well-known and top adventurer teams.

Due to its rarity and many uses, Temporal Sand was an extremely valuable commodity. Normally, the various large Guild reserved it as a strategic resource.

Fortunately, one could purchase Temporal Sand from Countess Katie Green, but there was a limit of 100 grains per day. As for the exchange rate, a single grain of Temporal Sand cost one Mana Stone. This price was a testament to the grain’s value.

When players had realized this in the past, it had caused a commotion that had shaken God’s Domain. Eventually, though, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had monopolized this privilege.

Since no one knew about Temporal Sand yet, this was a good opportunity for Shi Feng to build up his stock. Luckily, he had accumulated quite a few Mana Stones thus far. As for the Seven Treasures, he would cautiously investigate the matter. After all, as a Countess in the Black Dragon Empire, her status was extraordinary. The Countess was a more powerful individual than he was. Naturally, one couldn’t just open a Shop in Abyss City without enough strength.

Countess Katie Green was capable of rivaling Weissman, White River City’s Magistrate. Her combat power was at the peak of Tier 4. A measly Tier 2 player like Shi Feng had no chance against the woman.

A short moment later, under Milton’s lead, Shi Feng arrived before a quiet, elegant indoor garden on the mansion’s third floor. A beautiful woman in a luxurious, crimson dress relaxed in the garden’s center. She sipped from a teacup as she read an ancient tome. The woman gave off a peaceful aura. As the aura swept over him, Shi Feng felt as if nature itself had embraced him. The feeling was intoxicating.

Why is she so strong?

Shi Feng stared at Countess Katie Green in shock.

He had met the Countess many times in his previous life. However, the Countess had always been a Level 180, Tier 4 Sky Knight. Now, however, her statistics revealed that she was a Level 180, Tier 5 Sacred Magic Knight.

Although only one tier separated the two, the difference was like heaven and earth.

If a Tier 4 NPC could dominate and protect a major NPC city, then a Tier 5 NPC could move through a kingdom’s capital unhindered. A Tier 5 NPC was an absolute overlord. Normally, one only encountered such existences in imperial capitals. Encountering one in other major NPC cities would rely entirely on luck.

Yet, this Countess had become one such mythical powerhouse…

When Shi Feng thought about the Seven Treasures’ fragment in this woman’s hands, a hint of despair gripped his heart.

Even if he became a Level 180, Tier 5 player, he still couldn’t defeat the Countess, much less at Level 57. NPCs and players were on different levels; NPCs had a far more difficult time reaching new tiers. When they succeeded, their strength would undergo a qualitative transformation. Moreover, the higher the tier they reached, the more strength they would acquire.

Right now, well-equipped Tier 2 players might be capable of defeating an ordinary Tier 2 NPC of the same level. However, after reaching Tier 4, only peak experts and above could face Tier 4 NPCs. Moreover, a peak expert must be equipped with at least one or two Fragmented Legendary items to have a chance. Otherwise, fighting one-on-one with a Tier 4 NPC would be suicidal.

Unlike players, NPCs had an easier time obtaining top-tier equipment. Players had to struggle for every piece of Epic Equipment they wore, but NPCs could get what they needed as long as they had enough money.

Tier 5 NPCs typically wielded at least one Legendary item. If a Tier 5 player didn’t have the same, they could never stand against an NPC of the same tier.

Hence, Tier 5 players had usually formed parties to deal with a Tier 5 NPC.

“I hear that you have a lot of Mana Stones?” Katie Green asked softly as she set her book down and turned to Shi Feng.

“Yes, your ladyship.” Shi Feng nodded. At the same time, he celebrated the fact that he had obtained the Nightwalker’s Cape. Thanks to its effects, the Countess had failed to see through his disguise. She didn’t seem to detect the Golden Stigmata’s aura on him either.

If he were discovered, the consequences would be unimaginable.

“How many do you have?” Katie Green asked. “If you have enough, I am willing to offer a generous trade.”

Shi Feng was slightly confused to hear Katie Green’s interest. He hadn’t expected her to want Mana Stones so fervently. She had never shown such interest in the past.

Could my previous visit have caused this change in her?

The only explanation Shi Feng could think of was the revelation of his identity as the War God’s Temple’s representative during his previous visit. After giving the matter some thought, he stated, “I currently have 100 Mana Stones. Will that be enough?”

He had prepared the 100 Mana Stones to purchase the Temporal Sand. He hadn’t brought any extra with him. It seemed as if he had blundered.

“One hundred? Alright, what do you want for them?” Katie Green nodded, clearly satisfied with the amount. “If you don’t know what items you’re looking for, I can offer a few valuables for you to consider. Of course, I will only accept Mana Stones for these items.”

Saying so, Katie Green gestured with a hand. Suddenly, a stone table rose from the ground, covered in all sorts of dazzling items. Every item radiated a faint pressure.