Chapter 1444 - Rewards Of Sss-Rank Evaluation

Chapter 1444 – Rewards of SSS-rank Evaluation

Following the system notification of the test’s completion, Shi Feng received another system notification.

–

System: Test evaluation – 200 points. Test evaluation rank – SSS-rank. Rewarding 20 Free Mastery Points, 5 Legacy Skill Points, 300,000,000 EXP, and Countess Katie Green’s Favorability increased by 30 points.

–

It’s just a test, yet it awarded so many Legacy Skill Points?

The system notification astonished Shi Feng.

Generally, players were lucky to get one or two Legacy Skill Points after completing a high-rank Hidden Quest, yet he had received five points after qualifying for the quest. One could easily imagine the bountiful rewards from the quest itself.

“To think you would actually defeat my Hell Knight, you really are a shocking adventurer,” Katie Green, who stood some distance away, said with satisfaction. “I’m even more confident that you can get the item for me.

“Since you’ve passed my test, take this as a gift.”

Saying so, the Countess revealed a blue gemstone with a chilling aura.

The moment this gemstone appeared, the already chilly temperature dropped further. The surrounding Mana gathered to the stone in a frenzy, forming a vortex.

“Is that…the Azure Source Stone?!” Shi Feng exclaimed when he saw the mesmerizing gemstone in Katie Green’s hand.

God’s Domain had many kinds of Attribute Gemstones. However, the Attribute Source Stones were a rank above. Attribute Source Stones were worth thousands of Gold, but unlike Attribute Gemstones, players could only equip one of each kind of source stone.

Although Attribute Gemstones only increased a specific Attribute, Attribute Source Stones could increase two or more. Take the Azure Source Stone for example. Not only did it increase physique by 5% when equipped, but it also increased Ice Resistance by 20%. An Azure Source Stone could’ve easily gone for six or seven thousand Gold in the past, but only a fool would sell one.

Normally, one would have traded an Azure Source Stone for a piece of Epic Equipment with high Attributes.

“It is, indeed. Moreover, it’s an Intermediate Azure Source Stone,” Katie Green said, nodding. “With this item, you’ll have an easier time fetching my item. You don’t have enough Ice Resistance right now to survive the area.”

“An Intermediate Azure Source Stone?” Shi Feng could not believe that Katie Green was actually so generous.

Attribute Source Stones were divided into four ranks: Basic, Intermediate, Advanced, and Peak. Basic Attribute Source Stones alone were incredibly valuable. In the past, a top-tier expert would be lucky to equip one or two Basic Attribute Source Stones.

Even after ten years in God’s Domain, Shadow had only acquired a single Intermediate Attribute Source Stone. Unlike gemstones, one couldn’t increase an Attribute Source Stone’s rank by synthesizing lower-ranked stones. These treasures could only be obtained from Grade 1 forbidden lands. As for Basic Attribute Source Stones, they could be found in Grade 2 forbidden lands. Though, only Dark-Gold Treasure Chests and Mythic ranked Bosses and above had a chance of dropping them.

Yet, Katie Green was generous enough to give him an Azure Source Stone…

–

[Intermediate Azure Source Stone]

Only one can be equipped at a time.

Equipment requirement: Level 50

All Attributes +120;

Increases physique by 8%;

Increases Ice Resistance by 30%.

–

The Attribute bonus from one Azure Source Stone was already higher than that of top-tier, Level 50, Dark-Gold Equipment. Furthermore, it boosted physique and Ice Resistance.

After receiving the Intermediate Azure Source Stone, he replaced one of his Tier 3 Strength Gemstones without hesitation.

What Shi Feng didn’t know was that the Countess had intended to give him the Basic Azure Source Stone before he had surprised her with his performance.

Not only had Shi Feng’s Basic Attributes increased after equipping the Source Stone, but his five senses sharpened as well. When he had first entered the hall, he had felt slightly cold, but now he didn’t feel it at all.

“Very good. Now, I’ll send you to the Ice Crystal World. Once you’re there, collect ten Eternal Ice Crystals for me. Bring them back, and the Bracelet of Time is yours,” Katie Green explained, nodding in approval as Shi Feng relaxed, no longer affected by the room’s temperature.

–

System: You have accepted Countess Katie Green’s Epic ranked Main Storyline Quest “Ice Crystal World.”

Quest content: Collect ten Eternal Ice Crystals from the Ice Crystal World.

Quest reward: Bracelet of Time.

–

Why is this an Epic ranked Main Storyline Quest?

A frown pulled at Shi Feng’s lips when he read the system notification.

Main Storyline Quests could significantly affect a kingdom or empire. These effects could be beneficial, but they could also be damaging. They were far more difficult than other quests of the same rank.

Although the quest location wasn’t a forbidden land on the God’s Domain continent, the Ice Crystal World was a forbidden land…

Only now did Shi Feng understand why Katie Green had told him that the higher one’s tier was, the more danger they would face in the quest location. The Ice Crystal World was a world of its own and highly opposed to visiting lifeforms. The stronger the lifeform was, the more rejection they would face. Upon entering the world, various aspects would attempt to suppress the newcomer. At the same time, foreign lifeforms entering this world would possess unique auras. Meanwhile, the stronger this aura was, the easier it would be to attract the old monsters of the Ice Crystal World.

Not even Tier 5 NPCs were a match for those old monsters. Tier 6 Gods weren’t even allowed to enter.

“Alright, I’ll open the teleportation gate now. I can only maintain the gate for one or two seconds, so you need to be fast. Otherwise, you’ll have to wait another month before I can open the gate again,” Katie Green warned Shi Feng.

In other words, Shi Feng only had one opportunity to challenge her quest. If he failed, he would have to earn 5,000,000 Magic Crystals to purchase the Bracelet of Time.

“I understand.” Shi Feng nodded. Inwardly, though, he felt some contempt towards the Countess.

Other players might not know what Eternal Ice Crystals were, but he did.

It was rumored that the Eternal Ice Crystal contained Eternal Power. Eternal Power was crucial in helping NPCs reaching Tier 6.

In the past, many players with Dark-Gold Personal Guards had only been able to upgrade their NPCs to Tier 5. It was due to the lack of Eternal Power that these guards had never crossed that final hurdle.

Hence, items containing Eternal Power like the Eternal Ice Crystal had been priceless in the past. One could only have traded rare materials or items of equal value for them.

Yet, this woman wanted him to obtain Eternal Ice Crystals from the Ice Crystal World. How could they possibly be that easy to acquire? Moreover, she wanted ten of them!

But Shi Feng couldn’t care less right now. Zero Wing simply wasn’t equipped to collect 5,000,000 Magic Crystals. He had no other choice. If he succeeded, he would obtain one of the Seven Treasures, and with the Golden Stigmata, he could use the item better than Katie Green.

Once Shi Feng had prepared himself, Katie Green began to chant an incantation. Immediately, Mana surged towards the shut, steel gates, slowly forcing them open. A stable, spatial tunnel formed beyond the open doors.

“Hurry!” Katie Green shouted.

Ignoring his Weakened state, Shi Feng activated Windwalk and jumped into the spatial tunnel, departing the icy hall.