Chapter 1447 - Monster-Like Mysterious Expert

Chapter 1447 – Monster-like Mysterious Expert

Silence dominated the area as every player stared at Feather Wind’s motionless corpse. Although Shi Feng had not used any impressive techniques or Skill, everyone was petrified. They even forgot to breathe.

“What just happened?”

“The Vice Guild Leader…is dead?”

“Just what did he do?!”

…

Everything had happened so quickly that by the time they reacted, Feather Wind, a top-tier expert and Matchless Family’s Vice Guild Leader, was already dead…

“He died…?”

“This is impossible! That’s Feather Wind we’re talking about! He might not rank among the top ten in Cold Wind City, but he is still a top-tier expert in the top 20! How could an expert like that die so quickly?! Even Lifeless Thorn, Cold Wind City’s number one expert, couldn’t achieve such a feat!”

“Could he be Lifeless Thorn?”

“Lifeless Thorn is a Berserker; that guy is a Swordsman. There’s no way he’s Lifeless Torn.”

“Commander, do you know who that guy is?”

Even Aurora Sword’s members were astonished. One of Cold Wind City’s top 20 experts had died in one hit. If news of this matter got out, it would shock everyone in the city.

Solitary Nine stared at Shi Feng in confusion, his mind spinning to figure which expert in Cold Wind City this man was. As for the possibility of Shi Feng being from somewhere else, that was practically impossible. The only way in or out of the Cold Wind City region was through the Snow Rift, a forbidden land for players.

Current players couldn’t even enter the map, much less cross through it.

This was why the city’s players were so afraid of Matchless Family and Centurion Dynasty. Should they provoke either power, their life in Cold Wind City would become a living hell or end completely.

However, no matter how Solitary Nine racked his brain, he couldn’t match any of the city’s experts to Shi Feng. Even Cleansing Whistle, the strongest Swordsman in Cold Wind City, was only ranked sixth. Moreover, Cleansing Whistle was a woman, not a man, making it impossible for her to be the mysterious Swordsman expert before him.

“I’m not sure, either. But you should get ready. We’ll use this opportunity to escape in a moment,” Solitary Nine said in the team chat after pondering the situation for some time.

Now that Feather Wind was dead, the 100-plus experts from Matchless Family had lost their commander. Hence, they had a high likelihood of escaping. Moreover, they had an expert like Shi Feng to hold the line, which further increased their chances.

Feather Wind had over 30,000 HP. Although he was an Elementalist, the fact that Shi Feng had killed him without using Skills meant that he could kill an MT of the same level with a handful of attacks. If Shi Feng’s Attack Speed was high enough, he could even finish off an MT before the enemy healers could react. As long as no one could pin the Swordsman down, their party could safely retreat.

Suddenly, Matchless Family’s members snapped out of their daze. Their leader had died, yet they had stared blankly at the killer for so long…

They all discarded their fear and pounced on Shi Feng.

“Die!”

“Brat, you’re dead! You dare kill our Vice Guild Leader?! From today on, we’ll hunt you to the end of the world!”

The Matchless Family’s experts charged at Shi Feng. They were so focused on killing the newcomer that they ignored Aurora Sword’s members. They all understood that if news of this reached Cold Wind City, they could kiss their lives goodbye.

If they let Shi Feng escape after killing Feather Wind in front of them, what hope did they have of mingling in Cold Wind City?

Fireballs, Frost Arrows, and arrows flew towards Shi Feng from all directions. Watching from a distance, Solitary Nine’s expression darkened.

Not even a Shield Warrior like himself could block so many attacks at a time. He’d be lucky to block 60 or 70% of the attacks. If dozens of attacks hit him at once, he’d only last a few seconds even with Shield Wall active…

However, a galaxy of stars suddenly formed around Shi Feng. These stars crushed the various Spells and arrows as they came within 10 yards of the Swordsman. It was as if the stars had formed a magic barrier around Shi Feng.

No matter how many attacks flew towards Shi Feng, none of them hit their mark. In fact, the bombardment hadn’t even reduced Shi Feng’s HP by a single point.

“What kind of Skill is that?!” Every player watching was stupefied.

Meanwhile, after Shi Feng had deflected a volley, Matchless Family’s dozens of melee players moved in to strike.

Charge!

Chop!

Shadow Assault!

Flame Slash!

One Skill after another collided with Shi Feng’s Sword’s Orbit.

Peng… Peng… Peng…

The moment these melee players encountered Sword’s Orbit, they were thrown backward like cannonballs. Some nearly lost their grip on their weapons from the powerful impact. Moreover, these melee players had lost a visible chunk of their HPs.

Even the Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors lost over 2,000 HP, and they had only received the damage from assaulting Shi Feng with their shields. The other classes lost around 4,000 HP.

Four thousand damage would even reduce an MT’s HP by one-tenth…

“How is this possible?” Solitary Nine and his companions watched, dumbfounded.

“Don’t be afraid of this trash! We have healers to recover our HP! I refuse to believe his Skill can last forever!” a member from Matchless Family shouted to his team.

The other members nodded in response. They eyed Shi Feng from the sidelines, waiting until the duration of whatever Skill he was using came to an end.

“What? You don’t want to play anymore?” Shi Feng shook his head and chuckled when he saw his opponents’ hesitation. “Since you won’t come to me, I’ll come to you!”

He had simply focused on defense to get a better idea of these players’ combat standards.

He had only instant-killed Feather Wind to instill shock and fear into these players. Now that the enemy commander was dead, the remaining 100-plus experts were little more than test subjects to help him understand players’ standards in the Ice Crystal World.

Following which, Shi Feng advanced and instantly appeared before a Level 44 Shield Warrior, the Sacred Sword in his hand smoothly descending from an angle that the Shield Warrior couldn’t evade.

“So fast!” The Shield Warrior raised his shield in a panic. At the same time, his feet also unconsciously took a step back.

The instant Killing Ray met the Fine-Gold ranked shield, it left a scar in the metal, and the resulting impact threw the player over a dozen yards away. The Shield Warrior’s HP fell by over 2,400.

Following which, Shi Feng brandished his swords at the nearby MTs. Without exception, he sent every MT flying.

“Monster…”

“He isn’t a player! He’s a monster!”

Matchless Family’s members were petrified as they watched Shi Feng toss about their MTs.

Normally, they were lucky to land blocked attacks that dealt over -100 damage during duels with these MTs, yet they received over -2,000 damage from Shi Feng’s attacks. It was easy to imagine how horrifying the man’s damage would be if they failed to block an attack…

It seems the Ice Crystal World’s players don’t just have inferior equipment, but their combat standards are lower than players in God’s Domain as well.

After clashing with Matchless Family’s members several times, Shi Feng gained a general understanding of these players’ combat standards. Following which, he stabbed the Abyssal Blade into the ground and glanced at the frightened players before him, saying, “My experiment is over! Let’s start the real battle!”

Abyssal Curse!

Skywheel Sword!

Suddenly, a dark fog bound every player within 30 yards of Shi Feng. As these players tried to activate their Control Removal Skills, countless divine swords descended from above. Shi Feng then followed up with Killing Ray’s Summon Lightning, dealing 400% lightning damage to all enemies within a 15-yard radius.

In the blink of an eye, almost every player within Summon Lightning’s range turned to ash and disappeared, leaving weapons and equipment scattered across the battlefield. Only a few MTs and the players who had fled the attack’s radius had survived…