Chapter 1449 - Becoming Famous In Cold Wind City

Chapter 1449 – Becoming Famous in Cold Wind City

Cold Wind City, Matchless Family’s Guild Residence:

Over a dozen upper echelons occupied the Residence’s meeting room and extraordinarily tense atmosphere. A middle-aged man on the Guild Leader’s throne was the cause for this tension.

This middle-aged man wore a suit of azure armor. Although he said nothing, the pressure he radiated chilled the room.

Even a passing glance from this man felt like that of some ferocious beast.

This middle-aged man was none other than Thundering Sky, Matchless Family’s Guild Leader.

In Cold Wind City, one word from him could easily decide whether a player lived or died.

Right now, Thundering Sky’s blood boiled with rage.

“Can someone tell me where this person came from?” Thundering Sky frowned as he watched Shi Feng’s battle video. “It’s been so long since the incident, yet none of you know anything about him?”

“Guild Leader, we’ve launched a full investigation on the player. However, we have yet to uncover any information about him,” one of the upper echelons answered, cold sweat chilling his forehead.

Immediately after Feather Wind died, the Elementalist had sent them an offline message, ordering them to focus all of their resources on investigating Shi Feng.

However, no matter how hard they searched, they found nothing about the Swordsman. It was as if the man had suddenly appeared.

“This player has already killed over a hundred of our members, but we don’t even know his name?! Garbage! Every one of you!” Thundering Sky bellowed. “Continue searching! Mobilize everyone! I want this person found! Since he dares to disrespect Matchless Family, then he shouldn’t even dream of surviving in Cold Wind City!”

“Understood!” Everyone nodded and notified the Guild’s members to search for the Swordsman.

For a time, every member of Matchless Family hunted for Shi Feng, killing intent igniting their hearts.

…

Centurion Dynasty also held a meeting to discuss the situation.

“Interesting! Truly interesting! That person actually annihilated Feather Wind’s expert team! I don’t think even Lifeless Thorn could do that,” Sky Slicer, Centurion Dynasty’s Guild leader, said, laughing as he watched Shi Feng’s battle video.

Matchless Family had been humiliated. Not only had the Guild failed to kill Solitary Nine, but it had also lost over a hundred experts. Most importantly, a single player was responsible for all 100-plus deaths. This had dealt a huge blow to Matchless Family’s reputation. After all, winning a one-on-five expert battle was impressive. Even an expert like Lifeless Thorn should only be able to handle a dozen or so experts at a time.

Yet, Shi Feng had faced over a hundred experts, and his victory had been overwhelming.

Naturally, anyone who watched Shi Feng’s battle video would realize that the man was very powerful. However, those who had only heard about the massacre would assume that Matchless Family’s experts were nothing but paper tigers.

Suddenly, a female Elementalist in white mage robes asked, “Guild Leader, what should we do next?”

“Since the Matchless Family wants to kill this player, we have to do the opposite,” Sky Slicer said, laughing. “Rain, find him. Tell him that the Centurion Dynasty would like to welcome him with open arms.”

“What if he refuses?” Swirling Rain asked.

“Refuses?” Sky Slicer snorted. “That’s not an option. We’re talking about Matchless Family, after all. Even if he is strong as an individual, he can’t take on the whole Guild. He’ll only be safe if he joins us.”

“Understood.” Swirling Rain then bowed and left the meeting room.

…

Both of Cold Rain City’s large Guilds began their search for Shi Feng. Meanwhile, the city’s players were dumbfounded.

“What’s going on?”

“This person is awesome! Both large Guilds are actually offering a high price for information about his whereabouts! Not even Lifeless Thorn has ever elicited such a reaction.”

“There’s no helping it. Although Lifeless Thorn doesn’t belong to any Guild, his adventurer team, Wave Heart, is a top adventurer team with over 3,000 members. It has over 300 experts. Three of the city’s top ten experts belong to the adventurer team, as well. The Guilds would have to weigh their options seriously before moving against Lifeless Thorn.”

“That’s right! This player is doomed. He killed so many of Matchless Family’s players. The Guild won’t rest until they kill him back to Level 0.”

“Both Guilds are offering such a high price. Their already offering 2 Gold for any information about the man’s current location.”

…

The independent players on Cold Wind City’s streets quietly discussed the new player, every one of them admiring Shi Feng’s courage.

In Cold Wind City, no one, aside from Centurion Dynasty, dared to provoke Matchless Family. Independent players often resented the two large Guilds. Unfortunately, since both Guilds were so powerful, they had no choice but to endure their suffering. Hence, when they had heard the news of Shi Feng slaughtering over a hundred experts from Matchless Family, they quietly celebrated.

As the city’s players chatted about the recent events, seven players arrived in the Teleportation Hall. These players were none other than Shi Feng and the party from Aurora Sword.

After Solitary Nine had offered a general explanation of Cold Wind City, Shi Feng had decided to pay the city a visit. Hence, Solitary Nine had given Shi Feng a few Return Scrolls for Cold Wind City so that he could return via teleportation alongside his people.

Cold Wind City was the only NPC city in this particular zone. The city’s player population exceeded 2,000,000, and each of the large Guilds had over 100,000 members. It was why the two Guilds were able to rule over Cold Wind City.

If Shi Feng wanted to find more information about the Eternal Ice Crystals, Cold Wind City’s library was undoubtedly the best place to do so. All of God’s Domain’s libraries collected information about their home locations.

As soon as Shi Feng’s group left the Teleportation Hall, gasps erupted from the players outside of the building.

“Crap… Isn’t that the expert that killed the Matchless Family’s experts?”

“What?! Does he not know that the Guilds have mobilized their forces to find him?!”

“He must be insane! He actually ventured into the city! Does he think Matchless Family is afraid of attacking him within the city walls?”

“That might be the case. Unfortunately, he’s underestimated the Guild. Some time ago, some guy had provoked a few of Matchless Family’s members. In the end, they killed him over ten times inside the city. The matter was only resolved after he paid the Guild 10 Gold and every weapon and piece of equipment he had.”

“Quick… Notify Matchless Family!”

These players were stupefied as they watched Shi Feng stroll down the street, admiring the scenery. From time to time, Shi Feng even entered a Shop to browse its merchandise.

After so recently provoking Matchless Family, this man dared to show his face in Cold Wind City. From a certain perspective, Shi Feng deserved to be called Cold Wind City’s number one player…

Shortly after Shi Feng’s arrival, news reached both large Guilds.

…

“What?! He’s shopping in the Trade Area?! Are you sure?!” Sky Slicer could not help his shock upon hearing the latest report.

“I’m absolutely sure. I’ve compared his face to the person in the video,” the Assassin confirmed, nodding seriously.

“I’ll head there immediately! Notify the main force members and tell them to gather in the Trade Area as soon as possible!” Sky Slicer hurriedly instructed after digesting the information.

…

Meanwhile, in Matchless Family’s Residence, when Thundering Sky received the news of Shi Feng’s appearance, he nearly shattered his desk.

“Daring bastard! After killing my subordinates, he still dares show his face?! Notify every expert in the Guild and tell them to hurry over! Halt all operations and quests temporarily!” Thundering Sky bellowed.