Chapter 1445 - Ice Crystal World

Chapter 1445 – Ice Crystal World

Inside a snow-capped canyon, a party of six fought a Level 48, High Lord ranked Ice-toothed Tiger.

–

[Ice-toothed Tiger] (Elemental Creature, High Lord)

Level 48

HP 31,000,000/31,000,000

–

A Level 45 Shield Warrior wielding a crimson longsword and aqua-blue buckler stood before this five-meter-tall monster, and despite its size, it was powerless against the player.

Regardless of how the Ice-toothed Tiger tried to attack the Shield Warrior, the latter block the blows and found gaps to strike, using his Skills to deal six to seven thousand damage per hit.

The Shield Warrior’s party members were also quite capable. Not only were they all Level 44 and above, but their Skills and Spells also dealt over -10,000 damage. Their normal attacks alone dealt over -3,000 damage.

“Everyone, the Boss is almost dead. Increase your damage output. Make sure you dodge its AOE Skill,” the Shield Warrior named Solitary Nine said calmly as he blocked another of the Ice-toothed Tiger’s attacks.

“Commander, relax; this isn’t our first time killing an Ice-toothed Tiger,” a Level 44 white-clad Summoner a short distance away scoffed.

The rest of the party members nodded.

When the Ice-toothed Tiger’s HP reached 30%, its snow-white fur turned vermilion as it went berserk. Its size and Attack Speed increased as well. A moment later, icicles began to rain down from the sky, covering a 50-yard radius around the Ice-toothed Tiger.

Seeing this, Solitary Nine shouted as he activated Shield Wall. He then skillfully dodged the descending icicles and focusing on defense.

Despite the boost to the Ice-toothed Tiger’s Strength and speed, it was still couldn’t break through Solitary Nine’s defense. In the end, all of its attacks met the Shield Warrior’s round shield, significantly reducing its damage. At the same time, the female Druid in the back waved her dark-green staff as she cast Healing Wind. Although the Shield Warrior was her main target, the rest of her party received a healing buff, gaining over 1,500 HP every second. This kept everyone’s HP above a safe level.

Every player in the party launched a fierce assault. As a result, the High Lord’s HP decreased rapidly. From 30%, it very quickly dropped to 15%…

When the High Lord’s HP reached 10%, these players launched every Skill they had.

When the Ice-toothed Tiger only had 2% of its HP remaining, several scorching Flame Spears flew in from a distance, striking the High Lord and devouring its remaining HP.

As the Ice-toothed Tiger collapsed, it dropped five items.

Confused, the party members turned towards the Flame Spears’ origin.

A 20-man team stood in the snow some distance away. A male Elementalist wielding a Tier 2 Magic Scroll seemed to be its leader. This Elementalist smiled at the six party members.

“Feather Wind, what is the meaning of this?” Solitary Nine demanded with an ugly expression.

“What is the meaning of this?” the Elementalist named Feather Wind chuckled. “Isn’t it obvious? I’m kill-stealing! What else would I be doing? Our Guild Leader admires you and has invited you and your adventurer team to join our Matchless Family. If you decline, the Aurora Sword adventure team will never again find any success in Cold Wind City!”

The female Druid named Yan ya growled from behind Solitary Nine, “You guys are going overboard! Since Big Brother Solitary has already determined that we won’t get involved with the struggle between your Guilds, we won’t join either side!”

Because of Matchless Family’s harassment, their adventurer team had ventured to this deserted area to level, yet these people had followed them so far from Cold Wind City to steal their Boss.

“Overboard?” Feather Wind laughed. “Winner takes all in this place. Now that the competition over Cold Wind City has reached its peak, our Guild Leader will not allow any mishaps. Of course, our Guild Leader highly values experts like Brother Nine. If Brother Nine joins our Guild, he’ll at least become the lead MT for one of our main forces.

“Yet our Guild Leader has waited for so long, and still Brother Nine refuses. Since we can’t recruit you, we’ll make sure no one can have you.

“This is your last invitation. Brother Nine, will you join us or not?”

“You… How can you do such a thing?!” Anxiety tightened Yan Ya’s chest.

The Matchless Family was one of Cold Wind City’s two large Guilds. It had plenty of experts under its command. If it really decided to move against their Aurora Sword adventurer team, the consequences would be unimaginable.

“Brother Nine, before you answer, think this through carefully. Otherwise, the people around you might have some unexpected ‘accidents.’ Who knows? If they’re not careful, they might even fall back to Level 0,” Feather Wind threatened, smiling.

Yan Ya and the other party members’ expressions darkened.

Although they were strong, Matchless Family had too many experts. If they were ambushed, they would definitely die. But they couldn’t leave Cold Wind City. In the end, this merciless Guild would pick them off.

“Aren’t you afraid that we’ll just join Centurion Dynasty?” Solitary Nine asked, his tone as cold as the snow beneath his feet.

One of Cold Wind City’s two large Guilds was Matchless Family, while the other was Centurion Dynasty. It was due to the competition between these Guilds for control of the city that the Aurora Sword suffered.

“You’re free to join those bastards, of course, but don’t think that you’ll leave this place alive.”

As Feather Wind finished speaking, he waves his hand. At the same time, he pulled an ancient, pitch-black scroll, which radiated a heart-rending evil, from his bag.

Suddenly, over 100 players from Matchless Family began to appear around Solitary Nine’s party. These players had concealed their presence with a Group Invisibility Scroll.

However, the Shield Warrior was far more afraid of the Magic Scroll in Feather Wind’s hand than he was of the players surrounding them.

“To think you even prepared a Dead Soul Scroll… You people from Matchless Family think too highly of me,” Solitary Nine said, smiling bitterly as he stared at the black scroll.

The Dead Soul Scroll was a special Magic Scroll that could curse a target player. If the player died within a certain amount of time, their death penalty would multiply, and they would lose between three and five levels. Most Guilds saved the super-rare scroll for important targets.

“Of course. I’ve already told you how important you are to our Guild Leader. As proof, he personally ordered me to use this scroll,” Feather Wind said, chuckling. “Well? What is your decision, Brother Nine?”

However, as Solitary Nine contemplated his options, a black vortex appeared in the sky above him. A black shadow shot down from the vortex, landing between the Aurora Sword party and Matchless Family’s tyrants.

This shadow was none other than Shi Feng.

This is the Ice Crystal World?

Shi Feng could not help but glance around him. Immediately, he discovered the players engaged in a confrontation. Every one of these players stared at him in shock.

Although Shi Feng had heard about the Ice Crystal World, he had never visited it. However, he wasn’t surprised to find players here. After all, it wasn’t unusual to find players in other worlds. Take the Dark Den for example. Despite being home to Demons, many players lived there.

What did surprise Shi Feng were the players’ levels. All of these players were at least Level 44. There were even quite a few Level 45 players.

“Who are you? Don’t you realize that Matchless Family is trying to conduct business here?” Feather Wind haughtily demanded.