Chapter 1458 - Demigod-Ranked Expert

Chapter 1458 – Demigod-ranked Expert

Cold Wind City, Asura adventurer team’s Residence:

As soon as Shi Feng stepped out of the advanced carriage, he was greeted by a sea of people crowding around the Residence’s entrance.

It was even more lively than an imperial capital’s Auction House.

Why are so many people here?

Shi Feng was confused to see such a large crowd.

Around a dozen people stood before the registration area, the leader of which was a man in icy-blue armor, holding a purple spear in his right hand. Although this man stood in silence, the surrounding players had distanced themselves from him, creating a wide, open space clearing.

Aside from this man’s companions, no player dared to move within 20 yards of him.

“I hadn’t expected Lifeless Thorn to visit. Why do you think he’s here?”

“Do you really need to ask? He’s here to issue a challenge. Lifeless Thorn was Cold Wind City’s number one expert. Now that someone has usurped his position, he must be here to reclaim his status.”

“Indeed. I’ve heard Wave Heart members talk about how bored he is because he hasn’t been able to find someone who can put up a decent fight. He’s been spending time in the forbidden land to open a path to other NPC cities so he can find new experts to challenge.”

“This is going to be interesting. I wonder which of the two experts will win the duel.”

“You can’t figure that out on your own? Lifeless Thorn is definitely going to win. He’s invincible in Cold Wind City. On the other hand, the mysterious Swordsman has only made a name for himself recently.”

“I wonder if that Swordsman will accept Lifeless Thorn’s challenge?”

…

The spectating crowd discussed the potential duel between Shi Feng and Lifeless Thorn. They all anticipated the fight between these two powerful experts.

“Guild Leader, Lifeless Thorn has grown stronger again. He’s replaced his old weapon, too. His last weapon was a top-tier, Level 45, Dark-Gold spear called Meteor Spear; it had been crimson red, and I’ve heard that Lifeless Thorn had found it in a Dark-Gold Treasure Chest. It seems that he had earned quite the harvest from the Snow Rift,” Feather Wind said, smiling as he gazed at the purple spear in the Berserker’s hand. “That damnable Swordsman is in trouble.”

“Indeed. If Lifeless Thorn gets serious, not even Sky Slicer and I would have any hope against him. That’s why Hecate’s been urging us to do everything we can to recruit him. It’s a pity that he isn’t interested in joining a Guild. I doubt he even would have joined Wave Heart if not for the help in obtaining better weapons and equipment,” Thundering Sky said as he tried to sort out a tangle of complex emotions.

He had always treated Lifeless Thorn like the biggest thorn in his side, but even Hecate had warned him not to provoke the man.

Now, Lifeless Thorn would finally be of some use to him.

“Lifeless, I already told you that our commander isn’t here! Standing here is pointless! If you want to challenge the commander, I’ll let him know once he’s finished his tasks and returns!” Solitary Nine growled, frustrated with Lifeless Thorn obstructing the registration area.

Solitary Nine had personally experienced this man’s power.

The gap between them was massive. Despite being one of the top three MTs in Cold Wind City, he had only lasted three moves against Lifeless Thorn. From start to end, he had been powerless to retaliate.

Moreover, their duel had been over a month ago. Now, Lifeless Thorn radiated an even more frightening feeling. With a single glance from the man, Solitary Nine felt as if he trudged through a muddy swamp, his movement growing sluggish.

On the surface, the two large Guilds ruled over Cold Wind City. In reality, however, these Guilds only operated as they wished because of Lifeless Thorn’s disinterest in struggles over power and resources.

Since the Berserker blocked off the registration area, who would be bold enough to come forth to apply to Asura?

“That won’t be a problem. I have plenty of spare time. If I can’t face him today, then you can contact your commander and inform him of my challenge,” Lifeless Thorn said, smiling. “He can choose the time and place. It doesn’t matter to me.”

“Nine, you know that Lifeless is a battle maniac. Once he has made a decision, nothing can stop him. Just contact your commander,” Cleansing Whistle advised.

In reality, she, too, was curious to see who would win a fight between Shi Feng and Lifeless Thorn.

Lifeless Thorn might’ve claimed that he wasn’t a match for the newcomer, but he was simply being humble. She was fully aware of the man’s true power.

Not only had he obtained the top-tier, Epic Weapon, Thunder Spear, but he had also obtained the Lightning Saint’s Legacy, a Peak Legacy.

Even throughout the Ice Crystal World, Lifeless Thorn could rank near the top. How could he possibly lose to some unknown Swordsman?

“You guys…”

As Solitary Nine struggled with his frustration, a deep voice reached him from down the hall.

“Alright, I accept your challenge.”

Everyone immediately turned towards the voice.

“Commander!”

Solitary Nine gave Shi Feng a confused look as he approached. Shi Feng had told him that he needed to concentrate on finding certain information, and they shouldn’t disturb him unless it were of the utmost importance. Hence, he had avoided contacting the commander.

“Hahaha! You’ve finally shown yourself!” Lifeless Thorn smiled at Shi Feng, who hid his name and appearance. His eyes shining with fighting spirit, he said, “I knew an expert like you wouldn’t refuse a challenge!”

The crowd had gasped when they heard Shi Feng’s answer. They hadn’t expected the Asura adventurer team to accept the challenge.

“I’ll agree to your challenge, but a simple duel would be too boring. Why don’t we place make a bet?” Shi Feng asked, smiling.

Even during his previous life, he had heard of this man.

One of the Twelve Sacred Berserkers, Lightning Warrior!

Lifeless Thorn had only been a step away from becoming a Tier 6 Berserker God.

This player had become so famous in the past because he had provoked the Super Guild, King’s Return. Although the Guild eventually killed him, his defeat had been glorious.

During the final battle, King’s Return had dispatched three Tier 5 players to suppress Lifeless Thorn, yet he had killed one of the of these Tier 5 players before he had fallen. In the end, a Tier 6, God-ranked expert had joined the fray, and Lifeless thorn had faltered and died.

Lifeless Thorn’s rise to prominence had been extremely fast. Although he had been incredibly famous in his own Otherworld, he had only become truly renown after venturing to God’s Domain’s continent. Once there, he had caused quite the commotion as he had challenged and defeated one expert from the God’s Domain Experts List after another. It hadn’t taken him long to rank among the top 50 on the list.

If not for the fact that he had remained a solo player, refusing to join any organization, he wouldn’t have been stuck at Tier 5.

If he hadn’t been so stubborn and simply joined some random, first-rate Guild, he would’ve likely become a Tier 6 God-ranked expert.

Shi Feng had never thought that he’d encounter Lifeless Thorn in the Ice Crystal World. He was truly blessed.

In the past, Lifeless Thorn had never joined a Guild, but now that Shi Feng had established his own adventurer team, he could attempt to recruit the Berserker. It’d be almost as good as convincing the man to join Zero Wing. If Shi Feng succeeded, he’d have yet another powerful supporter.