Chapter 1451 - Obliterated

Chapter 1451 – Obliterated

“That guy is so amazing! Both Guild Leaders actually came looking for him! Just who is he?!”

The distant spectating players were shocked to see the two men.

Solitary Nine, who stood behind Shi Feng, was at a loss for words.

Both Thundering Sky and Sky Slicer were top-tier existences in Cold Wind City. Normally, they were very difficult to meet, yet these two had gathered here due to Shi Feng.

“That’s right. What business do you have with me?” Shi Feng calmly replied to the Guild Leaders’ question.

An army of ten thousand players might be shocking to ordinary players, but not even a million-player army could surprise Shi Feng. Besides, they were still inside an NPC city.

“Good! I never thought you would have the guts to admit it!” Thundering Sky’s face twitched in anger as he glared at Shi Feng’s calm composure. “I am Thundering Sky, the Guild Leader of Matchless Family. Since you admitted to killing my Guild’s experts, that makes things simple. Hand over every item and piece of equipment you have and let me kill you once; then we’ll consider the matter settled. Otherwise, bear the consequences at your own risk.”

“Guild Leader, aren’t you letting this brat off too lightly?” The Guild Leader’s demand confused his upper echelons.

They had assumed that Thundering Sky wouldn’t rest until he forced this newcomer to delete his account, he had just offered to let Shi Feng off with such a light punishment.

“Enough! I have my reasons!” Thundering Sky shot his subordinates a withering glare, immediately silencing them.

What these Guild upper echelons did not know was that Thundering Sky was far more interested in Shi Feng’s weapons and equipment than he was in avenging Feather Wind.

After watching the Swordsman’s battle video, he realized that the man’s Basic Attributes were ridiculously high. Not even Thundering Sky was confident of killing Feather Wind in one hit. After all, Feather Wind’s weapons and equipment were considerably good. The Elementalist’s HP was also over 30,000. PVP battles were different from those with monsters. A player’s damage would scale down when they struck another player. Killing expert players of the same level was very difficult.

Yet, Shi Feng had done it. Moreover, he had thrown Level 44 and 45 Shield Warriors with his normal attacks. His Strength could definitely rival that of a Great Lord of the same level.

With such powerful Attributes, Shi Feng had to have more than one top-tier weapon or piece of equipment. He might even have something Thundering Sky could use.

However, if they killed this man while the Soul Lock debuff was active, Shi Feng would only drop a few pieces of equipment. On the off chance that he had stored his items in the Bank, they would lose any chance of obtaining them.

“Hahaha! Fellow friend, ignore this man’s foolish demands! If you join Centurion Dynasty, I guarantee that no harm will come to you within the Cold Wind City region,” Sky Slicer said as he sent a contemptuous glance at Thundering Sky before turning back to Shi Feng. “In addition, I’d like to offer you the position as our Guild’s main force vice commander.”

“Insane! This is madness!”

“I didn’t hear wrong, right?! Sky Slicer actually offered so much to an unknown expert?! They haven’t even been that generous to Lifeless Thorn!”

Sky Slicer’s voice had been quite loud, so the spectating crowd had heard every word. The offer confused them.

A Guild’s main force was a Guild’s core of power. The main force generally only answered to the Guild Leader; not even Vice Guild Leaders had the authority to mobilize the main force. Hence, the main force’s commander was even more important than the Vice Guild Leader. Although the vice commander wasn’t as important, it was still a crucial role.

Sky Slicer had offered Shi Feng such an important position right off the bat.

“Slicer! Do you intend to make an enemy of Matchless Family?!” Thundering Sky shouted, enraged. Although he had expected Sky Slicer to oppose him, he hadn’t expected the man to be so brazen about it.

“Have our Guilds ever been friendly?” Sky Slicer sneered.

Their two Guilds had fought countless battles against each other, and neither feared their rival. Now that he had an opportunity to suppress his rival’s momentum and recruit a powerful expert, he couldn’t miss the chance to kill two birds with one stone.

“Good! I’ll take care of your Centurion Dynasty as well!” Thundering Sky’s expression darkened. Immediately, he commanded, “Everyone, attack!”

“Yes! Let’s see who is afraid of whom!” Sky Slicer also commanded his Guild members to fight.

For a time, the Matchless Family and Centurion Dynasty’s members slaughtered each other inside the city. Due to so many players involved, the NPC patrols couldn’t quell the incident quickly. They could only clear out the fighting players, little by little.

Both Guilds’ members fought with everything they had, fully intent on annihilating their enemy.

Now that players were reaching higher levels, it was only a matter of time before they could raid the Snow Rift. To compete with Guilds in other NPC cities, they first needed to deal with Cold Wind City’s problems. Otherwise, they would have to face enemies on both fronts.

The entire street had transformed into a battlefield. Spells and arrows blotted out the sky, and explosions and screams filled the air.

Unfortunately, as Centurion Dynasty had brought fewer members, Matchless family quickly suppressed its players. As a result, the former Guild’s members were forced to retreat. Of course, Matchless Family couldn’t eliminate their rival’s members as Centurion Dynasty’s reinforcements began to arrive. All Matchless Family could do was push the other Guild back.

Shortly after the battle had begun, the dead players’ weapons and equipment littered the street.

Even experts were forced to use their Lifesaving Skills. The weaker players died before they could even react as numerous attacks struck.

The spectators were stunned.

This fight helped them realize just how weak an individual was compared to a Guild. Even the well-known adventurer teams were nothing.

Very quickly, Sky Slicer was forced into a corner. Meanwhile, Matchless Family’s members surrounded the Auction House.

“Hmph. Do you think that we can’t touch you just because Centurion Dynasty wants to lend a helping hand?” Thundering Sky sneered at Shi Feng, who had not participated in the battle. “I guarantee you that no one can protect you in the Cold Wind City region. If you hand over all of your weapons and equipment now, I can still let you off the hook. If you try to retaliate, I’ll eliminate you, Solitary Nine, and his group hiding behind you!”

The watching crowd gasped when they heard Thundering Sky’s threat.

They all knew that Thundering Sky was a man of his word, but they hadn’t expected him to be ruthless enough to target Solitary Nine’s group as well.

However, as soon as Thundering Sky finished speaking, Shi Feng, who had maintained a relaxed posture, unsheathed Killing Ray. He then casually walked towards Thundering Sky, who stood 50 yards away from him, as if he were just taking a stroll through his own backyard.

“What?! He actually dares to defy Thundering Sky?!”

“Is he insane?!”

Even Matchless Family’s members were stunned.

Setting aside Thundering Sky’s individual prowess, the man was surrounded by hundreds of his experts. These subordinates would likely kill the Swordsman before he got close to their Guild Leader.

“You asked for this!” Thundering Sky frowned. He hadn’t thought this newcomer would be so foolish. He gestured with a hand and ordered, “Kill him!”

The instant Shi Feng was within the ranged players’ reach, over a hundred Spells and arrows flew towards him, forming a tight wall that left no room for Shi Feng to dodge.

However, Shi Feng raised the Sacred Sword and swung it forward.

Lightning Edge!

Suddenly, countless arcs of blue lightning streaked towards the incoming Spells and arrows. In the blink of an eye, the lightning destroyed everything in a 50-yard cone.

“I am only one person. However, you can’t just kill me because you want to,” Shi Feng calmly stated as he watched Thundering Sky and his numerous subordinates transform into particles of white light.