Chapter 1455 - Adventurer Team Established

Chapter 1455 – Adventurer Team Established

“Establish an adventurer team?”

“Big Brother Ye Feng, are you joking?”

For a moment, everyone in the advanced carriage looked at Shi Feng in surprise, wondering if they had misheard.

Shi Feng had previously expressed his lack of interest in establishing his own force. He had only come to Cold Wind City from another region to complete a quest.

Yet, this man had just stated that he wanted to establish his own adventurer team. They were both confused and excited to hear this.

If Shi Feng formed an adventurer team, it would undoubtedly flourish.

In addition, during the previous battle, Shi Feng had made a name for himself in Cold Wind City. He wouldn’t have any issues establishing a Guilds, much less an adventurer team.

They could already see players lining up to apply.

“What do you need our help with?” Solitary Nine asked, practically glowing.

He had already decided to join any force this man established. After all, Shi Feng’s strength and combat standards were far more impressive than his own. Watching Shi Feng’s battle had opened the doors to a completely new world for him. Unfortunately, Shi Feng hadn’t shown any interest in setting up his own force, so he hadn’t asked the Swordsman about it. He had only hoped to form a close relationship with the Swordsman and find an opportunity to seek Shi Feng’s guidance.

Now, however, he didn’t need to do so. He could simply join Shi Feng’s adventurer team.

His goal in establishing an adventurer team was to improve his combat standards by delving into God’s Domain’s various ruins and Dungeons. He did not like participating in the struggles between Guilds.

Most importantly, he had always hated the way Matchless Family and Centurion Dynasty had operated. Hence, he had established the Aurora Sword adventurer team. He had thought that he and his companions could join Wave Heart, Cold Wind City’s number one adventurer team, if the Guilds put too much pressure on Aurora Sword. Fortunately, he didn’t have to worry about that anymore.

“I’d like to ask your help in advertising and organizing the adventurer team’s recruitment.” After giving the matter some more thought, he continued, “I don’t need a lot of people for the team. Three or four thousand members will be enough. Official members will have to reach the Trial Tower’s fifth floor at the very least, though the requirement will increase as time goes on.”

Cold Wind City had its own Divine Colosseum, and although it wasn’t connected to those in other cities, it wouldn’t affect players’ evaluations.

“The fifth floor?” Yan Ya’s jaw dropped. “Big Brother Ye Feng, very few people in Cold Wind City will be able to meet that requirement. Most experts can only reach the fourth floor.”

Yan Ya was one of Aurora Sword’s top-ranked experts, but even she had only recently made it to the fifth floor.

“Quality is more important than quantity. Of course, we could let players take another set of tests before joining the adventurer team,” Shi Feng said. He then took out the list of Zero Wing’s test criteria when recruiting members, displaying it for Solitary Nine and his party.

Not all talents in God’s Domain were powerhouses. Rather than only recruiting those who were already strong, they could also look for players with potential.

Players with potential would become reserve members for the moment. Reserve members would then be tested and judged based on their improvement speed. They could become official members once they reached a certain standard. If not, they would have to resort to the primary test, reaching the Trial Tower’s fifth floor. Although this two-stage process was tedious, it helped Zero Wing avoid missing out on potential experts.

Of course, there was a minimum requirement to become a reserve member; players had to reach the Trial Tower’s fourth floor.

At this stage of the game, the Trial Tower’s fourth floor was still a fairly difficult hurdle for players. However, as player standards continued to improve, more of them would reach the fourth floor. If a player could not even reach the fourth floor, there was no point for them to take the test to become a reserve member.

Even so, Shi Feng’s requirements stunned Solitary Nine and his companions.

In Cold Wind City, players who could reach the Trial Tower’s fourth floor were generally recruited to become elite members in one of the two major Guilds, yet they would only be reserve members in Shi Feng’s adventurer team. Once the city’s players found out about this, they’d call him a madman.

After all, how could an adventurer team offer more benefits than a Guild?

Convincing 1,000 people to join this man’s adventurer team would be immensely difficult, much less 5,000 people…

“Brother Ye Feng, what do you intend to call your adventurer team?” Solitary Nine asked.

“The adventurer team’s name?” Shi Feng thought about how others had called him an Asura. Being intensely uncreative, he replied, “Let’s call it the Asura adventurer team.”

At first, he had considered simply calling it the Zero Wing adventurer team. After all, he had planned to use this adventurer team as reinforcements for Zero Wing’s core members. However, after giving the matter some thought, he gave up on the idea. After all, many of God’s Domain’s experts disliked the restrictions Guilds imposed on their members.

Instead, he could invite the experts that refused to join Zero Wing to his Asura adventurer team.

This way, the Asura adventurer team could collect independent experts who disliked Guilds, forming a symbiotic relationship with Zero Wing.

“Then, Brother Ye Feng, can my Aurora Sword adventurer team join yours?” Solitary Nine asked anxiously after taking a deep breath.

“Of course! It’ll help me out quite a bit if you join. As long as your team members can meet one of the two requirements, they are welcome,” Shi Feng said, smiling.

He already had a rough estimation of Solitary Nine’s strength. He had also listened to Yan Ya’s comments on the matter.

Not only was Solitary Nine one of Cold Wind City’s top three MTs, but he had also reached the last stage of the Trial Tower’s sixth floor. He was only a step away from the seventh. Although he didn’t know any advanced combat techniques, he was not that far from the Half-step Refinement Realm. In Zero Wing, he could easily rank among the Guild’s top 10 MTs.

It was quite impressive. Furthermore, Solitary Nine hadn’t received any official training like Zero Wing’s core members had. The man had reached that standard of his own power.

If Solitary Nine were offered sufficient training and guidance, he could easily reach the Half-step Refinement Realm. Given enough time, reaching the Refinement Realm wouldn’t be much of an issue.

As such a capable expert, why wouldn’t he welcome Solitary Nine into his adventurer team?

Unfortunately, he’d have no choice but to let go the Aurora Sword members who couldn’t meet the recruitment requirements. It was important than an organization adhere to its own rules. Otherwise, the organization would lose its members’ trust.

“I understand.” Solitary Nine replied. The Asura adventurer team wanted experts. He’d have no choice but to compensate the Aurora Sword members who didn’t make the cut.

Following which, Shi Feng and his new companions drew up a list of benefits that the Asura adventurer team would offer its members.

With such a high recruitment requirement, not many players would apply if they didn’t offer appropriate benefits.

Before they realized it, their advanced carriage had arrived before Cold Wind City’s library.

What a marvelous library!

As soon as Shi Feng alighted from the carriage, he could not help but stare at the mountainous building before him. Compared to White River City’s library, Cold Wind City’s was a giant. The building was well over 300 meters tall. It was large enough to fill three sports arenas. At the same time, the library felt ancient like some long-lost ruin.

Following which, Shi Feng activated his Demon Hunter title and approached the entrance. The four NPC guards by the doors glanced at Shi Feng as he passed by, showing no intention of stopping the Swordsman.

Elsewhere, Solitary Nine published the recruitment information for the Asura adventurer team on Cold Wind City’s official forums. At the same time, Yan Ya and the others saw to the necessary arrangements to spread the news throughout the city.

Very quickly, news about Shi Feng’s an adventurer team reached every player in Cold Wind City.

“What? He’s actually trying to establish an adventurer team?” When Thundering Sky, who had recently resurrected, received the news, his expression darkened.