Chapter 1456 - Adventurer Team'S Benefits

Chapter 1456 – Adventurer Team’s Benefits

“Guild Leader, quite a few of our members have withdrawn from the Guild as soon as they heard the news. If we don’t do something to stop this, I’m afraid that we’ll lose more of our members,” Feather Wind cautiously reported to Thundering Sky.

The battle at the Auction House dealt a massive blow to Matchless Family’s reputation, and because of that, the Guild had lost over a thousand elites and experts.

Yet, despite such huge losses, Matchless Family couldn’t do anything about them.

After all, the Guild was utterly helpless against Shi Feng.

To make matters worse, Shi Feng had decided to establish his own adventurer team.

They couldn’t afford to provoke Shi Feng when he stood alone, but they could still avoid the man. Matchless Family had over 100,000 members. Even if Shi Feng were more powerful, he wouldn’t be able to damage the Guild’s foundations if their members spread out. If he had an adventurer team under his control, however, Matchless Family would likely have to face thousands of players in the future.

It’d become even harder to deal with this expert.

“Damn it! Just who is he?! Why haven’t we heard of this guy before?!” Thundering Sky’s expression twisted as he read the latest report.

If not for Shi Feng’s sudden appearance, their plans wouldn’t have been interrupted, and he would have secured his hold on Cold Wind City.

“Guild Leader, should we…contact

those

people?” Feather Wind asked softly.

“It can’t be helped. At this rate, Cold Wind City will either end up in Centurion Dynasty’s hands or the Asura adventurer team’s. Since they’ve taken Cold Wind City from me, I won’t let them have it, either,” Thundering Sky growled, a cold glint flashing in his eyes. “Contact them. Tell them that Matchless Family is willing to join their Guild. However, we require that they destroy Centurion Dynasty and the Asura adventurer team!”

Although Cold Wind City’s players couldn’t travel to other NPC cities right now, they could communicate with players in these cities offline.

An upper echelon from Hecate, a large Guild in another NPC city, had contacted Matchless Family, stating Hecate’s interest in purchasing the Guild.

Initially, Thundering Sky had hesitated. After all, Hecate was far more powerful than Matchless Family, controlling more than five NPC cities. Hecate even ruled over Ice Crystal City, the Ice Crystal World’s largest NPC city. Thundering Sky wasn’t confident of Matchless Family’s survival should it insult this massive Guild.

He had hoped to solidify his control over Cold Wind CIty before anyone cleared the Snow Rift. Even if his city were connected with other NPC cities, he’d more or less have the power to withstand outside forces.

Now that he had lost any hope of becoming his city’s overlord, joining Hecate was his best choice. Once the passage opened, with Hecate’s secret support, Matchless Family would send both Centurion Dynasty and Shi Feng to meet their maker.

“Understood. I’ll see to it right away.” Feather Wind then logged out of the game and disappeared from the office.

…

Elsewhere, after splitting up, Solitary Nine and the others took the 3,000 Gold Shi Feng had given them to purchase a considerably large plot of Land from the City Hall. They then visited the Adventurer’s Association to begin their Residence’s construction. Although the Residence was not as luxurious as a Guild Residence, it could easily accommodate 1,000 people at a time.

Hopeful applicants had already surrounded Asura’s Residence. Over 4,000 players waited for their evaluation, and this was only the beginning.

“As expected of the adventurer team established by Cold Wind City’s number one expert! Asura’s Residence is even larger than Wave Heart’s!”

“That’s right! I bet it won’t be long before Asura becomes the number one adventurer team in Cold Wind City!”

While the crowd waited for the application process to start, Solitary Nine emerged and posted the recruitment requirements at the entrance.

As Asura’s recruitment standards went public, many players were shocked.

“Is the Asura adventurer team crazy? Only those who reached the Trial Tower’s fifth-floor qualify to join? Do they not know what it means to reach the Trial Tower’s fifth floor?”

“What?! Even those who can reach the fourth floor have to deal with further testing!? If I had that kind of strength, I would’ve joined a Guild as a core member! Why would I even bother joining an adventurer team?!”

“Is this really an adventurer team? Why do I feel like its recruitment requirements are harsher than a large Guild’s?”

“With these standards, I doubt that Asura will even recruit 1,000 members. No, it might not even get 500 members!”

“Is the Asura adventurer team toying with us?”

“Crap! Isn’t this just an adventurer team!? Who would be desperate enough to deal with this crap?!”

When the players outside Asura’s Residence saw the requirements, some laughed, some cursed, and others simply turned and left. Everyone thought that the Asura adventurer team was mad.

As far as they knew, Asura’s recruitment requirements were even higher than a first-rate Guild’s, not to mention Cold Wind City’s Guilds. With such high requirements, only a small number of players throughout the Ice Crystal World would bother to join the adventurer team.

After all, Asura was merely an adventurer team. It couldn’t offer any significant benefits. An adventurer team just existed to give players an easier time forming teams and parties to raid Dungeons and explore ruins. Expert players never needed to worry about finding party members.

Furthermore, the Asura adventurer team had only recently been established. Even with an expert like Shi Feng, without Dungeon raid or ruin exploration results, expert players were less inclined to consider an adventurer team.

“Commander, players have stood outside our doors for quite some time now, yet only a few have applied. What should we do?” Yan Ya stated at the crowd outside in frustration.

“Yan Ya, stop calling me commander. Now that we’ve joined the Asura adventurer team, Ye Feng is the commander. I am simply one of Asura’s party leaders,” Solitary Nine said. “Regarding the recruitment issue, the commander has stated that if people don’t apply, we’ll reveal this benefit to the public.”

He had mentioned the possibility of this awkward situation to Shi Feng, and after giving the matter some thought, the man had decided to raise the team members’ benefits.

Any official member of the Asura adventurer team could use Contribution Points to purchase Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment as well as the opportunity to learn various combat techniques.

“What?! Co-Commander, is that true?!” Yan Ya exclaimed when she heard this.

Being able to purchase Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment from the adventurer team was already impressive. Even Cold Wind City’s experts only had a few Dark-Gold items on them. Usually, only Guilds’ core members had any access to such items, yet the Asura’s official members could bid on these items.

However, the Dark-Gold items paled in comparison to the combat techniques.

Most players knew something about combat techniques, mysterious techniques that could significantly improve one’s combat power.

Unfortunately, very few players actually knew any of these techniques. In fact, neither of Cold Wind City’s two large Guilds had any players that had learned a combat technique.

Yet, the Asura adventurer team offered to teach its members various combat techniques. This felt like a dream!

“Mhm. The commander made the decision, so don’t worry about it. In any case, publish the information outside.” Solitary Nine nodded. He, too, had been surprised when he had heard Shi Feng’s decision.

Following which, Yan Ya ran to the notice board outside the Residence’s entrance and published this shocking announcement.