Chapter 1450 - City Of Crafters

Chapter 1450 – City of Crafters

Cold Wind City, Trade Area:

“Commander, more people are tailing us now. Matchless Family’s probably found out about our return already. Should we notify Big Brother Ye Feng about?” Yan Ya asked worriedly as she glanced at the players stalking them.

News of the slaughter of Matchless Family’s members had already spread throughout the city.

Yet, now, the main culprit boldly walked down the city streets without a care in the world. It was a slap in the face to the Guild. Once the Matchless Family’s members arrived, they would not leave without a fight.

Thousands of players from Matchless city resided in the city. Killing a single player would be child’s play for the Guild. Furthermore, their group still had the Soul Lock debuff.

Solitary Nine nodded in response to Yan Ya’s question.

Based on his understanding of Matchless Family, the Guild would seek revenge for the smallest of grievances. It wouldn’t hesitate to take action against Shi Feng even in the city. Although he trusted in Shi Feng’s strength, Matchless Family had the home-ground advantage. Regardless of how powerful the man was, he was at a disadvantage.

Solitary Nine walked up to Shi Feng and whispered, “Brother Ye Feng, why don’t we head to the library? I’m afraid that if we linger around here any longer, Matchless Family’s members will find us. Dealing with them will be troublesome.”

“Troublesome?” Curious, Shi Feng asked, “Do players have full power over the city?”

Solitary Nine hadn’t gone into the management style in the Ice Crystal World’s NPC cities. If these cities were like the Dark Den’s Shelters, where players had full authority to determine a city’s rules, they would indeed have some trouble to deal with.

“That’s not the case. Matchless Family just has a lot of members inside the city,” Solitary Nine said, shaking his head.

Shi Feng breathed a sigh of relief when he heard Solitary Nine’s reply. He then pointed at the Cold Wind Auction House a short distance away and said, “That’s alright, then. I’ve already visited most of the Shops, so let’s make a trip to the Auction House before we head to the library.”

“This…” Solitary Nine was speechless.

The man even wondered if Shi Feng understood what he meant by ‘a lot of members.’ Cold Wind City was the Matchless Family’s main headquarters. The Guild could easily gather over ten thousand players at a moment’s notice. Centurion Dynasty was the only existence capable of contending with the Guild in the city.

“Commander, what should we…”

“Forget it. We’ll just accompany him until the end. Hopefully, Thundering Sky can keep his cool and avoid doing anything rash…” As Solitary Nine watched Shi Feng leisurely approach the Auction House, he struggled with various complex feelings. He could not understand what was going through Shi Feng’s mind. However, since Shi Feng had saved his and his teammates’ lives, he could not escape by himself. He could only pray that Matchless Family did not do anything too reckless. After all, they were currently standing in the heart of the city. Patrolling NPC guards were everywhere. If it really came down to a fight, Matchless Family would not have too much of an advantage, either.

Upon entering the Auction House’s main hall, the sight of players hawking their items greeted Shi Feng.

“Selling cheap, top-tier Level 40 Fine-Gold Weapons! Ten Gold per item! Get a 5% discount if you buy two!”

“Selling Refined Meteorite Copper for 3 Gold per stack!”

“Selling Frost Steel Ore for 1 Gold per stack!”

…

The players selling items in the hall outnumbered the shopping players. The items these players were selling shocked Shi Feng.

On the God’s Domain continent, even the cheapest Level 40 Fine-Gold Weapon could sell for 15 Gold or more, yet players here were offering the same for 10 Gold each. Moreover, they were all player-made weapons…

With how high current demand was for Level 40 Fine-Gold Weapons in his world, he could easily turn a massive profit if he bought and resold these player-made weapons.

As for the Refined Meteor Copper, the rare forging material currently sold for 30 Silver per ingot. Moreover, it was very difficult to purchase. Each stack, containing 20 ingots, sold for 6 Gold, yet these players were selling each stack for half that.

The various forging materials sold in the hall were all significantly cheaper than those in God’s Domain. In addition, this world had an abundance of forging resources. Even empires famous for producing ores paled in comparison to the Ice Crystal World.

This place is really impressive. It’s a pity that I don’t have a way to return once I leave. I guess I have no choice but to stock up on rare materials before I depart.

Shi Feng sighed ruefully as he looked through the various items these players offered.

If he could travel between the Ice Crystal World and the God’s Domain continent, he could earn more income from reselling items than what he earned from Stone Forest Town. Moreover, he could rely on the large quantity of materials to nurture the Candlelight Trading Firm’s forgers. If luck would have it, he might nurture a few Master Forgers. After all, creating new items required experimentation with various materials. With so many rare materials in the Ice Crystal World, one could experiment to their heart’s content.

This was most likely the reason that the standard of Cold Wind City’s forgers was far above those in the Candlelight Trading Firm.

Based on Solitary Nine’s explanation, the Ice Crystal World should have other NPC cities. As players reached higher levels, Cold Wind City’s Guilds began to prepare to challenge the Snow Rift. It was only a matter of time before Cold Wind City’s players encountered cities in other regions.

At this point, Shi Feng suspected that the Ice Crystal World had birthed the game’s first Master Forger.

However, purchasing a large amount of materials required a lot of Coins, but he hadn’t been carrying many when he had come to the Ice Crystal World. His only option was to make money by selling the Matchless Family’s Secret-Silver and Fine-Gold items for a low price. Unfortunately, the Dark-Gold items were precious to Zero Wing, so Shi Feng intended to hold on to them for now.

After Shi Feng finished putting the loot from Matchless Family for up for sale, he left the Auction House and made his way to the library.

Seeing Shi Feng finally willing to leave this risky location, Solitary Nine and the others breathed a sigh of relief.

However, as soon as they left the Auction House, they were greeted by a shocking scene.

Players crowded the street, and every one of them wore Matchless Family’s Guild Emblem.

With a rough glance, they easily counted over 10,000 players…

Matchless Family’s members radiated killing intent as they glared at Shi Feng’s group, scaring off any unrelated players.

“What’s going on?”

“Does Matchless Family plan to monopolize the Auction House?”

“You don’t know? Some expert killed a bunch of their members. They’ve come to deal with him!”

“Do they need to go to such lengths, though? Why would the dispatch so many people just for one player?”

…

The domineering display frightened the independent players on the street. Among the Matchless Family members present, the lowest-leveled member was Level 43. Their equipment was awe-inspiring, as well.

“This… Has the Matchless Family lost its mind?” Solitary Nine felt an unprecedented pressure.

He had thought that, at most, Matchless Family would send around 1,000 experts. He hadn’t expected Thundering Sky to be mad enough to dispatch a 10,000-man army.

Not even Lifeless Thorn, Cold Wind City’s number one expert, could elicit such a reaction.

However, after Matchless Family’s members had gathered in front of the Auction House, another commotion shook the street. Another player army slowly approached from the other end of the street, and although this army was smaller than Matchless Family’s, it still included around 3,000 players. These new arrivals wore Centurion Dynasty’s Guild Emblem.

For a time, experts from both of Cold Wind City’s large Guilds stood before the Auction House’s entrance. Following which, both Guilds’ Leaders pulled away from the crowd.

Both men looked at Shi Feng.

“You’re the expert that killed Feather Wind?” Thundering Sky and Sky Slicer asked in almost perfect unison.

The spectating players were stupefied.