Chapter 1454 - Treasure That Surpasses Epic Rank

Chapter 1454 – Treasure that Surpasses Epic Rank

It’s no wonder why Sky Slicer couldn’t do anything with this.

When Shi Feng tried to inspect the hide, he was only able to learn its name—Tattered Animal Hide. The item displayed no further information.

Although this animal hide radiated a faint trace of Divine Might, due to time, it was damaged beyond recognition. The images and words that had been inscribed on the item were nearly impossible to discern.

Fortunately, Shi Feng was confident that he was even more skilled at analyzing items than a Master Appraiser.

I wonder what this item is, exactly.

Shi Feng then activated Omniscient Eyes and inspected the hide once more.

The moment he tried to do so, a loading bar appeared above the item.

Watching the loading bar, Shi Feng was astonished.

How is this possible?! Just what kind of item is this?!

When he used Omniscient Eyes to appraise Dark-Gold items, the process took no more than 10 seconds, yet this scrap of hide requited 30 seconds.

Not even Epic items took so long to appraise.

As the seconds ticked by, the process restored the images and words on the animal hide. By the time the loading bar was full and disappeared, the originally tattered hide seemed as if it had regained its vitality as it began to restore itself.

In the blink of an eye, the tattered animal hide looked brand new.

This is…an Ancient Shrine?

Shi Feng gave the leather an incredulous look.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, has something happened?” Yan Ya asked from beside Shi Feng.

Everyone in the carriage was curious, looking to Shi Feng for an explanation. This man had remained calm even when he stood against an army of 10,000 players, yet he stared at the hide Sky Slicer had given him in surprise.

“It’s nothing. I’m just satisfied with the transaction with Sky Slicer,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

Although Shi Feng had brushed the matter off verbally, inside, he was ecstatic.

Ancient Shrines were considerably old and mysterious locations. No one knew who had built them, yet every large-scale Otherworld had them.

Ancient Shrines were extremely dangerous, guarded by powerful monsters. They were also crowded with traps. Even so, players residing in large-scale Otherworlds swarmed to these Ancient Shrines like madmen.

This was because Ancient Shrines housed the passage to travel from their Otherworlds to God’s Domain’s continent.

As Otherworld’s experts grew more powerful, they would find clues leading to these Ancient Shrines. They would then search for the shrines’ locations before exploring their interiors. Eventually, they would find God’s Domain.

However, this process normally only started after players reached Level 100.

The maps that contained these Ancient Shrines were generally high-level areas. Moreover, the Ancient Shrines themselves were very well-hidden.

The animal hide Sky Slicer had given him was a record of all of the locations of and information about the Ice Crystal World’s Ancient Shrines. This item would save players a lot of time.

Only now did Shi Feng understand why it had taken an unusual amount of time to appraise the animal hide.

There was no doubt that the Ancient Shrine Map in his hand was worth far more than a measly Epic item. After all, whoever possessed this map would have full access to the Ice Crystal World.

As long as he developed the path to one of the Ancient Shrines, he could freely transfer resources between the Ice Crystal World and his home world. The benefits of reselling these items could even tempt Super Guilds. The sooner he opened this path, the more benefits he’d obtain.

According to the Ancient Shrine Map, the easiest Ancient Shrine to reach was in a Level 50 to 70 map. This map was a forbidden land that connected the various NPC cities in the Ice Crystal World. For Cold Wind City, this map was the Snow Rift.

Only, the map indicated that the Snow Rift’s Ancient Shrine lay under its core region, so it would be extremely difficult to locate.

By the time anyone discovered the hidden map, Ice Crystal World’s mainstream players would have exceeded the recommended level.

With this map, my trip here has certainly been worth it.

Shi Feng began to formulate numerous plans as he inspected the Ancient Shrine’s location.

He had come to the Ice Crystal World because of a quest. Originally, he would’ve had to wait until someone from the Ice Crystal World activated an Ancient Shrine’s teleportation gate to return to this world after finishing his quest. Moreover, that was dependent on whether or not the player who discovered the shrine would publish the teleportation gate’s location. After all, he wouldn’t be able to return to the Ice Crystal World unless he found another teleportation gate on God’s Domain’s continent.

However, things had changed. If he could activate an Ancient Shrine before he left, he would travel between worlds unhindered. This would give Zero Wing an advantage. Moreover, unlike the Dark Den, where he could only take one person with him, the Ancient Shrine’s teleportation gates wouldn’t have such a restriction.

Of course, he’d have to pay the teleportation fee.

Incredibly powerful NPCs guarded Ancient Shrine’s teleportation gates, and each of these NPCs determined the fees based on how much distance separated the two worlds. Generally, the fee ranged between 20 and 50 Magic Crystals per person. Although Shi Feng had once encountered a gate that charged one Mana Stone per person…

Usually, only independent elite and expert players could afford to travel back and forth between worlds.

However, the cost was nothing compared to the potential profits Guilds could gain. After all, every Otherworld had its own specialty resources that were extremely rare in God’s Domain. If Guilds had to pay a small teleportation fee to obtain these precious resources, they would be more than happy to part with the cost.

Right now, opening a path to the Ancient Shrine was far more important than obtaining Eternal Ice Crystals to Shi Feng.

As long as he activated the Ancient Shrine, he’d accept failing the quest and losing his chance to trade Eternal Ice Crystals for the Bracelet of Time. He could simply rely on the Ice Crystal World’s resources to earn 5,000,000 Magic Crystals within a month and purchase the Bracelet of Time for the originally stated price.

It seems I’ll need to make a trip to this Ancient Shrine later.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng carefully inspected the information on the animal hide.

No one should ever underestimate an Ancient Shrine. Based on his memories, an Ancient Shrine required a considerable amount of time to raid and conquer. And he was alone in the Ice Crystal World. It wouldn’t be easy to clear a path.

As for the Eternal Ice Crystals, Shi Feng intended to visit the library before making his decision.

If he could find a way to obtain the ten Eternal Ice Crystals, he would save a massive amount of Magic Crystals.

After looking at the Ancient Shrine Map for some time, Shi Feng felt his head ache.

The Ancient Shrine in question would be extraordinarily difficult to raid. Only now did he understand why the various Otherworld’s large Guilds required a month to clear out a single shrine.

Even a low-level Ancient Shrine, like the one located below the Snow Rift, was guarded by a Level 70 Mythic monster.

Even the Snow Rift’s final Boss was a Level 70, Grand Lord ranked Nine-headed Earth Dragon. Although only one tier separated the two, the difference in strength was like heaven and earth.

Alone, he could never defeat a Level 70, Mythic ranked Boss.

When Shi Feng finished examining the Ancient Shrine Map, he turned to Solitary Nine and asked, “Brother Nine, would you to help me with something?”

“Help you?” Solitary Nine asked, confused.

“Yes. I wish to establish an adventurer team in Cold Wind City,” Shi Feng stated.