Chapter 1453 - Unexpected Harvest

Chapter 1453 – Unexpected Harvest

As Centurion Dynasty’s members watched Shi Feng walk towards them, their breath caught, and cold sweat drenched their backs. It felt as if a prehistoric beast approached, not a player, and they desperately wanted to turn and flee.

One man had inspired thousands of Matchless Family’s members to run like frightened rats.

If someone had told them of such a thing happening in the past, they would have laughed it off. Now, however, they could not find it in themselves to laugh.

They had clashed with the other Guild many times, and both were roughly on the same level. Since Shi Feng could suppress Matchless Family by himself, naturally, he wouldn’t have any issues doing so to Centurion Dynasty.

Sky Slicer wore an ugly expression.

Had he known something like this would happen, he would not have poked his nose into the situation…

“Brother Expert, I believe there has been a misunderstanding. I only came here to recruit you because I have a grudge against Matchless Family. If I had known that Brother Expert was so powerful, I would not have meddled in your affairs. For this offense, I am willing to pay 10,000 Magic Crystals as compensation,” Sky Slicer respectfully told Shi Feng. His previous pride had faded like smoke.

“What a generous offer!” Solitary Nine quietly exclaimed.

In his opinion, Sky Slicer was insane to offer 10,000 Magic Crystals as an apology.

Even a well-known adventurer team like Aurora Sword had only accumulated 2,000 Magic Crystals thus far.

Meanwhile, Magic Crystals were an indispensable resource in Cold Wind City. For example, Lifestyle players needed the crystals when producing weapons and equipment. To increase their production success rate, they would spend Magic Crystals on renting special workshops in their respective Lifestyle Associations. There was also the Divine Colosseum, and training there cost a lot of crystals. Magic Crystals were nearly impossible to save.

Although there were quite a few ways to obtain Magic Crystals in Cold Wind City, handing over 10,000 Magic Crystals would deal a considerably painful blow to Centurion Dynasty.

However, Solitary Nine wasn’t a Guild Leader, so he couldn’t understand Sky Slicer’s thought process.

If an expert of Shi Feng’s caliber decided to target Centurion Dynasty and randomly ambush its main force or elite members, the Guild would break under the loss. Moreover, Centurion Dynasty couldn’t do anything to Shi Feng. If such a situation lasted for a long time, it could cripple the Guild.

The 10,000 Magic Crystal offer also served to put some distance between Centurion Dynasty and Shi Feng.

“Ten thousand Magic Crystals?” Shi Feng was slightly confused. The resources in Cold Wind City were far more abundant than he had assumed.

Both Centurion Dynasty and Matchless Family would only be third-rate Guilds on God’s Domain’s continent. Giving away 10,000 Magic Crystals would likely bankrupt the Guild. However, based on Sky Slicer’s expression, he only felt a slight pang at the lost.

When the Guild Leader saw the small frown forming on Shi Feng’s face, he realized that the other party wasn’t particularly satisfied with the compensation. Gritting his teeth, he said, “If Brother Expert doesn’t find the compensation satisfying, I can include this map as well?”

Saying so, Sky Slicer took out an ancient, tattered animal skin. Although the hide was quite old, it emitted a faint pressure.

Although there was only a trace of this pressure, everyone seemed to fear it.

This is…Divine Might?

Shi Feng stared at the animal hide in Sky Slicer’s hands in surprise.

Divine Might was an aura unique to Gods. Any item that radiated the energy wouldn’t be ordinary. Furthermore, this item had manifested in the Ice Crystal World.

Although this Otherworld’s rank was quite high, it could only accommodate up to Tier 5 creatures. Tier 6 Gods were barred from this world. The fact that such an item, once used by God, had manifested here made it even more valuable.

“Brother Expert, what do you think?” Sky Slicer asked, smiling when he saw Shi Feng’s interest in the animal hide.

He had obtained this animal hide some time ago, but although he recognized it as valuable, he had no way to reveal its secrets. Using it to appease Shi Feng and improve his relationship with the man wasn’t a bad trade.

“Deal!” Shi Feng nodded.

His goal in traveling to the Ice Crystal World was to obtain Eternal Ice Crystals, not to dominate Cold Wind City. He had no reason to clash with the local Guilds. If not for Matchless Family’s determination to pick a fight, he wouldn’t have bothered with them.

Hearing Shi Feng’s reply, Sky Slicer breathed a sigh of relief. He then handed over the 10,000 Magic Crystals and the animal hide. As for the weapons and equipment littering the street, Shi Feng decided to sell the items to Sky Slicer for Coins and various rare materials.

Weapons and equipment took up an entire slot by themselves in a player’s bag space. However, materials didn’t; one slot could hold multiple articles of the same item. By selling the weapons and equipment for materials, Shi Feng could maximize the number of items he brought back to God’s Domain.

Naturally, Sky Slicer was more than happy to accept Shi Feng’s offer.

The Matchless Family members that had cornered Shi Feng earlier consisted of the Guild’s elites and experts. Most of the players that had fallen to Shi Feng had been experts. Hence, the weapons and equipment they had dropped were considered top-tier in Cold Wind City.

Through this transaction, Shi Feng had obtained close to 8,000 Gold in rare materials. If he resold these materials in his home world, he could easily earn over 20,000 Gold. However, Shi Feng wouldn’t sell all of the materials even for a single payment of 20,000 Gold.

These rare materials could help the Candlelight Trading Firm’s forgers improve quickly. The trading firm might even manage to nurture a Master Forger.

After obtaining the materials, Shi Feng quickly made his way to Cold Wind City’s library.

Meanwhile, news of Shi Feng’s triumph over the Matchless Family quickly spread throughout Cold Wind City, shocking the resident players.

“That guy is so awesome! Not only did he suppress Matchless Family by himself, but even Centurion Dynasty treated him with respect! I wish I had half his strength!”

“After this, Lifeless Thorn will have to relinquish his position as Cold Wind City’s number one expert.”

“I wonder if this expert is accepting disciples? If he is or plans to start an adventurer team or Guild, I’ll be the first to apply!”

…

For a time, Cold Wind City’s players heatedly discussed this newcomer.

…

Meanwhile, a man wearing ice-blue armor and wielding a purple spear faced off against a Level 54, Great Lord ranked Demonic Frost Wolf in the Snow Rift, Cold Wind City’s forbidden land.

Despite the Frost Wolf’s upper hand in speed and Strength, it was helpless against this indifferent man. On the contrary, the player repeatedly restricted its movements.

Because of this one man, the 20-man team following him easily dealt with the Demonic Frost Wolf.

Less than a minute after the fight had begun, the Demonic Frost Wolf collapsed and dropped several items. The team members watched as their experience bars rose quite a bit.

While the team rested, a heroic-looking female Swordsman turned to the indifferent man, who rested with his eyes closed. Giggling, she said, “Lifeless, didn’t you say that you’re the strongest player in Cold Wind City? It seems that you have a rival now.”

“A rival?” Lifeless Thorn’s eyes opened when he heard these words. Shaking his head, he said, “Cold Wind City’s experts are clueless. They’re nowhere near being a suitable rival for me.”

“I’m not talking about them,” the female Swordsman, Cleansing Whistle, responded. Revealing a leisurely smile, she said, “Weren’t you boasting about how powerful you are? Do you think you can stand against 10,000 elites from Matchless Family?”

“You’ve got to be kidding. You’re talking about 10,000 elite players.” Lifeless Thorn rolled his eyes.

“Then why do you claim to be invincible in Cold Wind City? Here; take a look at this. Not long ago, a Swordsman expert single-handedly suppressed Matchless Family’s army. Centurion Dynasty even offered him a gift as an apology,” Cleansing Whistle said, giggling as she sent a copy of Shi Feng’s battle video to Lifeless Thorn.

“This is…” Although Lifeless Thorn wanted to refute Cleansing Whistle’s words, he couldn’t help his shock as he watched the battle video. “How can there be such a powerful expert in the city?”

“Well? Hadn’t you said something earlier about the Swordsman class being crap? Now you know how powerful Swordsmen are!” Cleansing Whistle said, feeling a little proud when she saw the man’s shock.

“He is powerful. He is on an entirely different level than I am,” Lifeless Thorn straightforwardly admitted.

The Assassin’s admission stunned Cleansing Whistle. She had thought the news would shake Lifeless Thorn’s confidence, allowing her to get some payback for his insults towards her class.

Before Cleansing Whistle could say more, Lifeless Thorn stood and took a Return Scroll from his bag.

“What are you doing?” Cleansing Whistle asked curiously.

“Do you really have to ask? I’m going to look for that expert,” Lifeless Thorn said, excitement flashing in his eyes.

“Are you mad?! We wasted all that time to get here, yet you’re going back, just like that?!” Cleansing Whistle was astonished.

However, ignoring her words, Lifeless Thorn activated the Return Scroll. He then transformed into a streak of light as he left the Snow Rift. Seeing this, Cleansing Whistle and the other team members had no choice but to take out Return Scrolls and head back as well.

…

Meanwhile, in Cold Wind City’s Noble’s District, Shi Feng impatiently took out the animal hide Sky Slicer had given him and carefully inspected as he traveled in an advanced carriage.