Chapter 1465 - Top-Tier, Eight-Piece Set

Chapter 1465 – Top-tier, Eight-piece Set

“So, this is the power of an Elemental Source?”

Shi Feng stared at the icy-blue scroll’s Attribute Panel in shock.

The Nine-star Polar Domain was an Intermediate Magic Array. Normally, it had no problems containing and suppressing Great Lord ranked monsters. It was even somewhat effective against Grand Lords. Of course, Mythic monsters could easily break free with a few attacks.

However, after improving the Nine-star Polar Domain with the Source of Extreme/True Frost, the magic array had undergone a heaven-defying change, although it still required nine players to activate and maintain it. Now, it could suppress trapped enemies’ Attributes by 70%. It could even weaken a Mythic monster by as much as 50%…

Most Advanced Magic Arrays could barely suppress a Mythic monster’s Attributes by 30%. Now, the Mutated Nine-star Polar Domain Magic Array could rival a Master Magic Array.

It’s a pity that it’s only a one-time-use item. It would be great if I could use it a few more times.

Shi Feng was slightly disappointed.

With such a powerful magic array, he could lead Zero Wing’s main force to a neutral map, hunting its various Mythic ranked Field Bosses. The harvest they could gain from securing the First Kills would be beyond imagination.

However, Shi Feng only played with the idea. He knew full well that the Main God System would not permit such a thing.

After he finished the scrolls, Shi Feng hurried to Cold Wind City’s Forging Association, intending to upgrade his team’s equipment.

The Forging Association in Cold Wind City was different from those on God’s Domain’s continent. Similar to Cold Wind City’s library, the Forging Association was ancient. It was likely older than Star-Moon Kingdom itself. However, it was due to this Forging Association that the Ice Crystal World’s crafting standards were significantly higher than in his home world.

At first, Shi Feng had assumed it was due to the abundance of rare materials in the Ice Crystal World, but in truth, that was only part of the reason.

The real reason for these players’ success was the Forging Association!

The Forging Association here could rival Titan City’s Lifestyle Association. Only, it lacked the massive databank and high Mana density. In addition, the Forging Association in Cold Wind City had the Forging Guidance System, which allowed players to purchase one-time-use forging designs with Magic Crystals.

For Level 45, Fine-Gold Forging Designs, the prices ranged between 10 and 50 Magic Crystals.

For Level 45, Dark-Gold Forging Designs, the prices ranged between 100 to 150 Magic Crystals.

Although these one-time-use designs were expensive, they gave players an advantage that wasn’t available to those who learned from the real forging designs. These players could increase their success rates with Magic Crystals.

For Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment, players could increase their success rate to a maximum of 25%. As for Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment, players could increase it to 15%. This was a considerable boon to Advanced Forgers. With the 15% bonus on top of their original success rate, an Advanced Forger could easily achieve an overall success rate of 30% or above when forging a Dark-Gold item.

If one avoided mistakes during the forging process, they could craft one Dark-Gold Weapon or piece of Equipment for every three tries.

However, while mass-producing Fine-Gold items was easy, the same couldn’t be said for Dark-Gold items. It was far more difficult to obtain the necessary materials, which generally dropped from high-level Great Lords and Grand Lords. Not every team could kill monsters of such caliber. It was also more difficult due to the required amount of Magic Crystals.

To increase one’s forging success rate with Dark-Gold Weapons or Equipment by 15%, they’d have to pay an additional 100 Magic Crystals. Including the cost of the forging design, each attempt could easily cost anywhere from 200 to 250 Magic Crystals, and that was excluding any Magic Crystals required to produce the item itself.

While Coins were easy to earn at this stage of the game, Magic Crystals were not.

Although Cold Wind City’s players had an abundance of Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment, they lacked Dark-Gold ranked items. Only the city’s two large Guilds had a substantial stock.

Fortunately, Shi Feng wasn’t concerned about either issue. During the last three days, he had spent his time killing Level 50-plus Great Lords and Grand Lords, obtaining a large stock of materials. As for Magic Crystals, he still had over 30,000 on him. That was more than enough to produce weapons and equipment.

“Hello, sir. How may I be of service?” an NPC receptionist greeted Shi Feng sweetly.

“I wish to rent a Special Mana Forging Room for two hours,” Shi Feng stated.

The Mana Forging Rooms had greater Mana density than the average Forging Room. Though they weren’t on the level of a Meditation Room of the same Rank, they could improve a player’s concentration.

“Understood, sir. That will be 50 Silver,” the NPC receptionist said as she offered Shi Feng a key.

Handing over the 50 Silver Coins, Shi Feng grabbed the key and went to the Forging Association’s top-floor.

The Ice Crystal World’s Forging Guidance System is amazing,

Shi Feng thought as he opened the Forging Guidance System for the Special Mana Forging Room.

Previously, he had thought that the Forging Guidance System only offered Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Weapon and Equipment Designs. Now, he discovered that it also sold Set Equipment Designs.

As Shi Feng wondered why he hadn’t seen anyone in Cold Wind City wearing Fine-Gold or Dark-Gold Set Equipment, his eyes fell on the designs’ price-tags.

The designs for Level 45, Dark-Gold Equipment only cost 100 Magic Crystals. To purchase the designs for six pieces, one would have to spend 600 Crystals. However, the design for a six-piece, Level 45, Dark-Gold Set Equipment cost 1,800 crystals; 2,500 crystals for an eight-piece version. Moreover, the design was a one-time-use item; it would disappear regardless of the player’s success. Not even a first-rate Guild’s Leader would mess around with so many Magic Crystals, much less Guilds like Centurion Dynasty and Matchless Family.

Based on Magic Crystal’s market price, each attempt to forge an eight-piece, Dark-Gold Set Equipment would cost over 700 Gold. Moreover, the forging success rate for Set Equipment was much lower that of individual items of the same level and rank.

Even the Forging Guidance System only allowed players to temporarily increase their forging success rate by 7% for a price. An Advanced Forger would be lucky if their base success rate reached 8% with Level 45, Dark-Gold Set Equipment. Most would have a total success rate of only 15%. With such a low chance, it’d be a miracle if a forger succeeded once with every ten tries. Even wealthy Guilds and players wouldn’t dare waste their money so extravagantly.

With this, my trip has definitely been worth the trouble.

Shi Feng’s eyes glittered as he gazed at the various Dark-Gold Set Equipment Designs the Forging Guidance System displayed.

It would be very difficult for an Advanced Forger to produce a Dark-Gold Set Equipment, but to a Master Forger such as Shi Feng, it’d be easy. His base success rate had already reached 20%. Including the Book of Forging, the Mysterious Flame, the Master Forger’s Insignia, and the Blacksteel Insignia, he could easily achieve a success rate of more than 35%. With the Forging Guidance System, that would put his forging success rate at over 42%.

Following which, Shi Feng bought the design for an eight-piece, Level 45, Dark-Gold Set Equipment for Shield Warriors and began to craft.

Shi Feng started to refine and shape one material after another. Due to the Abyssal Blade, the density of the ambient Mana rose even higher, increasing his concentration.

Before Shi Feng knew it, he had produced the Protector Set.

This set’s Attributes are really powerful. No wonder it costs 2,500 Magic Crystals per attempt.

Shi Feng was astonished as he inspected the Protector Set’s Attributes.

The set’s Basic Attributes could already rival that of individual Level 50, Dark-Gold Equipment. The set effects would greatly enhance a Shield Warrior’s Skills as well.

Following which, Shi Feng forged one of each of the following sets: Burning Fire Set, Courage Set, and Icicle Set. All three were eight-piece, Level 45, Dark-Gold Set Equipment and were meant for the Berserker, Guardian Knight, and Swordsman classes, respectively. After producing the four sets, Shi Feng couldn’t bear to push his luck. Producing the four sets had already cost him over 15,000 Magic Crystals.

If he tried to forge more, he’d run out of Magic Crystals.

He could only select a few Level 45 Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment to craft at this point. After forging over 40 items, Shi Feng noticed that his two-hour session was almost over. He packed up and hurried to the Snow Rift to meet up with Lifeless Thorn and the others.

The Snow Rift’s core was in the middle of a mountainous region. Solitary Nine, Lifeless Thorn, and the other team members had gathered there.

“Commander, I’ve selected the required members. We are ready to move out on your command,” Solitary Nine reported upon seeing Shi Feng approach. “We have also investigated the cave entrance’s Guardian Boss. It is a Level 67 Grand Lord. Its speed, Attack Power, and perception are extraordinary. We sent one of our scouts ahead, and the Boss discovered him before he was within 150 yards of the monster. He died instantly. Even though our MTs tried to tank it, we only lasted two hits. With our team’s current strength, I’m afraid…”

Fear filled everyone’s hearts. The strongest Boss they had ever fought was only a Level 60 Grand Lord, and they had already witnessed this Level 67 Boss’s power.

To put it simply, its destructive power was terrifying!

“I understand,” Shi Feng said after watching the battle video Solitary Nine had sent him. He then took the weapons and equipment he had forged from his bag and said, “For now, put these on. We’ll raid the Boss once you’ve gotten used to them.”

“We’re replacing our equipment?”

Every member of the team stared at Shi Feng in confusion. They didn’t understand why he wanted them to replace their equipment. The already wore the best in Cold Wind City, and they were used to their old weapons and equipment.

“These are…”

“Commander, how did you get these?!”

However, when these players saw the items Shi Feng had given them, their eyes widened in shock.