Chapter 1462 - Tier 2 Magic Weapon

Chapter 1462 – Tier 2 Magic Weapon

Even after Shi Feng selected the evolution material, the Abyssal Blade didn’t react.

“Must it be Mana Crystals or nothing?” Shi Feng frowned.

The last time he had found a Mana Crystal, it had been a coincidence. They were practically impossible to hunt down.

As Shi Feng was about to give up, the sound of a system notification reached his ears.

…

System: Replacement evolution material detected – Eternal Ice Crystal. Do you wish to abandon the power of frost contained within the Eternal Ice Crystals and evolve the Abyssal Blade?

…

“Abandon the power of frost?” Although he was confused, Shi Feng ecstatically clicked ‘Continue.’

Suddenly, the ten Eternal Ice Crystals in Shi Feng’s hands shattered, two clouds of smoke, one black and one white, emerging from their remains. Following which, the black smoke entered the Abyssal Blade. In response, the Abyssal Blade leaped from its sheath and hovered before Shi Feng, trembling as it released dragon roars that echoed throughout the wilderness. At the same time, blood-red runes began to surface around the weapon.

When the blood-red runes covered the sword entirely, the weapon began to release a rapidly growing pressure. Rather than a sword, Shi Feng felt as if he stood before an angry Dragon. The pressure was so great that he even struggled to breathe.

The phenomenon only began to weaken after about ten seconds. Eventually, the Abyssal Blade returned to its peaceful state.

After evolving, the Abyssal Blade’s appearance had transformed slightly. Now, the sword was entirely pitch-black. It also radiated a faint trace of black miasma. A black dragon coiled around the sword’s hilt, and blood-red runes had carved themselves into the blade. Overall, the Abyssal Blade’s new appearance looked evil.

“What powerful Attributes!” Shi Feng exclaimed when he inspected the Attribute Panel.

…

[Abyssal Blade] (One-handed Sword, Magic Weapon)

Attack Power +1,720

All Attributes +130

Attack Speed +24

Ignore Levels +18

Attacks have:

60% chance to cause 220% damage.

37% chance to cause 300% damage.

Every attack increases damage by 2% to a maximum of 20%.

If wielder belongs to a Swordsman-related class, all Skill Levels +5.

Increase Free Ability Points received for every increase in Level by 2 points.

Equipment Level 45. Can be upgraded (Devour one hundred Level 50 Fine-Gold Weapons and thirty Level 50 Dark-Gold Weapons to upgrade to Level 45).

Equipment Tier 2. Can be evolved (Devour 100 Mana Crystals or Eternal Ice Crystals to evolve to Tier 3).

Additional Active Skill 1: Phantom Kill (Tier 2). Instantly creates a doppelganger under the wielder’s control. Doppelganger has 90% of the wielder’s Attributes and all Skills. The wielder can swap positions with the doppelganger at any time.

Duration: 1 minute, 30 seconds

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Active Skill 2: Abyssal Bind (Tier 2). Binds up to 3 enemies simultaneously and prevents movement, reducing Defense and Magic Resistance by 100%. The higher tiered the target is, the weaker its the effect will be.

Duration: 5 seconds

Cooldown: 40 seconds

Additional Active Skill 3: Nine Dragons Slash (Tier 2). Instantly creates 16 phantoms of the Abyssal Blade for wielder’s use; each phantom sword deals up to 80% damage.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Active Skill 4: Abyssal Curse (Tier 2). Prevents all targets within a radius of 50 yards from moving or attacking for 6 seconds and reduces their Attributes by 20% for 10 minutes. Effect doubles if there is only one target in range.

Cooldown: 20 minutes

Additional Passive Skill: Abyssal Will. Improves wielder’s physique depending on the surrounding Mana density. The higher the Mana density, the greater the improvement.

Additional Profound Inheritance: Black Emperor (Tier 2). When activated, every critical hit will accumulate one stack of Death Aura. Each stack can be used to increase all Attributes by 2% and Attack Speed and Movement Speed by 1% for 12 seconds or to reduce the Cooldown of a skill by 4 seconds. Maximum of 30 stacks of Death Aura.

Duration: 10 minutes

Cooldown: 8 hours

The Famed Smith Olysses personally created the Abyssal Blade using the Black Dragon King’s fangs as material. It is one of thirty-six Famed Swords, ranking 31st. However, the Black Dragon King himself has cursed this sword. Beyond the immense strength the blade offers, the wielder must face a Backlash after a certain amount of time. However, after Jack had remodeled the Abyssal Blade with a Star Crystal, the strength of the Backlash has been reduced greatly. If the wielder is unable to suppress the Backlash, the wielder will receive the Black Dragon King’s curse, permanently reducing all Attributes by 50%.

Unable to be dropped.

Unable to be traded.

Unable to be destroyed.

…

After evolving to Tier 2, both the Abyssal Blade’s Basic Attributes and Skill effects had become much stronger than an Epic Weapon’s.

The Abyssal Bind’s strengthening made it particularly effective against Tier 3 Bosses. Although it would be weaker against Tier 4 Bosses, the Skill would at least be somewhat effective now that it had reached Tier 2.

With this, my chances of clearing the Ancient Shrine have increased by 10%.

Shi Feng was very satisfied with the Abyssal Blade’s upgrade.

As for upgrading the Abyssal Blade to Tier 3, he decided not to worry about it for now.

Even with Icarus’s Heart, gathering 100 Eternal Ice Crystals would require more than a month of effort. Besides, it was only a matter of time before more players raided the Snow Rift. Their grinding efficiency would fall.

Now, all he had to do was collect the required ten Eternal Ice Crystals for his quest. Once he had them, he needed to help his adventurer team’s members level quickly to prepare them for the raid on the Ancient Shrine.

After Shi Feng returned the Abyssal Blade to its sheath, he noticed that the white smoke had gradually crystallized, eventually becoming a shard of clear crystal.

When Shi Feng held the crystal, he felt a chill passing through him. He began to lose 1,000 HP each second.

“What is this thing?!”

Shi Feng was shocked. Hurriedly, he stored the crystal in his bag. Despite the brief moment he had held the crystal, his right arm had completely frozen. Had he held it for a few more seconds, the ice might have consumed his entire body.

Fortunately, only his arm had frozen. Without the crystal present to absorb heat from his body, his arm quickly recovered.

What a strong frost power! Fortunately, my Ice Resistance is high. Anyone else might have frozen to death instantly.

Shi Feng looked at the crystal in his bag. He then clicked to inspect the item.

Although Shi Feng could not say for certain if he had the highest Ice Resistance of any player in God’s Domain, there was no doubt that he was close. Moreover, he had an Intermediate Azure Source Stone equipped. Tier 1 ice-type Spells and Skills shouldn’t affect him whatsoever. Only Tier 2 ice-type attacks should harm him.

Yet, this measly crystal had nearly turned him into an ice sculpture, devouring 1,000 HP every second. An ordinary player would likely lose over 10,000 HP per second just by touching the crystal. If held for four or five seconds, even a Level 45 MT with 100% of their HP would freeze to death.

After Shi Feng clicked to inspect the crystal’s Attribute Panel, a loading bar appeared, notifying him that he needed to wait for 10 seconds to inspect the crystal.

After the loading bar filled, one system notification after another reached his ears before Shi Feng could even glance at the Attribute Panel.

…

System Announcement: A player has activated the new expansion pack ‘Ice Crystal Awakening.’

System Announcement: This new expansion pack requires a system upgrade. Please prepare to log out. The estimated duration is 4 hours.

System: You have five minutes to log out. Please prepare to log out.

…

“What is this item?” Shi Feng was stunned.

No matter how he looked at it, this new expansion pack had to be related to this strange crystal. There was no way for the system to announce a new expansion pack the moment he tried to inspect it otherwise. Moreover, this expansion pack required an offline update.

However, Shi Feng didn’t give the matter too much thought. He then clicked to inspect the item’s Attributes, hoping to discover what kind of amazing item this crystal was.