Chapter 1464 - Mutated Magic Array Scroll

Chapter 1464 – Mutated Magic Array Scroll

Phoenix Rain hesitated for a moment after hearing Shi Feng’s answer.

Nine Dragons Emperor had activated the quest for the ancient ruin before she could, so he had a considerable advantage in the raid. Hence, she had decided to borrow experts from Shi Feng. After all, the resources inside the ancient ruin would be of considerable help to the contest on Thunder Island.

An ancient ruin was like a land of treasure. It was a type of secret land. By completing special quests, one could obtain a key to open the secret land’s gates. Since Nine Dragons Emperor had completed the activation quest, he had obtained the first key. As a Grade 1 ancient ruin, the Sunset Forest only allowed each team to enter with 1,000 members. In addition, there was a time and level limit. The ancient ruin hid bountiful treasure, and one could obtain as many items as they wanted within the allotted time.

Players raiding the ancient ruin for the first time would gain the most.

Only, Shi Feng’s asking price was a little too high.

She had already invested a lot of manpower and resources, yet this man wanted 20% of the harvest…

Most importantly, the Sunset Forest was a Grade 1 ancient ruin. It would be far more difficult to raid than a 100-man, Hell Mode Team Dungeon of the same level. She wasn’t confident that Zero Wing had the strength to raid the ancient ruin.

“Take some time to consider the matter. In any case, Sunset Forest will activate on the same day as the contest for Thunder Island, with one in the morning, and the other at night. There’s still some time,” Shi Feng said.

“You know the activation time?” Phoenix Rain asked, confused.

Sunset Forest’s activation time was a secret. The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had only learned about it after obtaining the secret land key. The activation time was also the reason that she was so anxious. If she could claim the ruin’s treasures, she could boost her forces’ combat power, increasing her chances of success on the island. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be in such a rush to gather experts.

“I’ve read about it in an ancient tome. The tome also mentioned something about the final Guardian Boss,” Shi Feng said casually.

In reality, he had never read about the ancient ruin in any book, but certain ancient tomes did mention various ruins in the game. He had used the lie as a way to convince Phoenix Rain that he had a method to raid the Sunset Forest.

“An ancient tome?” Realization dawned on Phoenix Rain. The Great Pavilion Master had learned about the Sunset Forest from some ancient book, as well. Only after his research had the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion investigated the ancient ruin and its activation quest. It wasn’t unusual to learn that Shi Feng had learned about the Sunset Forest in the same way. “Alright, I agree to your offer. However, the precondition is that you can actually raid the Sunset Forest.”

“That’s only natural.” Shi Feng nodded.

“Alright. We’ll meet up tomorrow in Apocalypse City,” Phoenix Rain responded before disconnecting the call.

Following which, Shi Feng started to prepare. First, he sent Melancholic Smile a message, getting her to send some people around the continent to purchase Elemental Sources, through they couldn’t spend more than 300 Gold per item. That price was the equivalent of an Epic ranked material item. If the price exceeded that amount, others could become suspicious.

After taking care of that, Shi Feng notified Aqua Rose to lead a team to a neutral map, the Flaming Rain Mountains to grind for Flame Potions. The potion was necessary to raid the Sunset Forest.

As Shi Feng finished delegating and waited patiently for God’s Domain’s system update to finish, a call came in from Liang Jing.

“Head Instructor, the White Tiger Dojo has sent someone to see you again. The representative has stated that the White Tiger Dojo has agreed to your conditions and would like to invite you to discuss the details,” Liang Jing reported.

“They’ve agreed?” Shi Feng suddenly remembered his conversation with the White Tiger Dojo’s Jiang Tianyuan regarding his price for nurturing their experts. He then revealed a smile and said, “Tell the representative that I’ve doubled my price. They can take it or leave it.”

Even if the White Tiger Dojo had talented members, training them to take on the Trial Tower’s sixth-floor wouldn’t be a simple task. Nurturing 500 sixth-floor experts for 50 bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluid wasn’t a worthwhile trade.

Had the White Tiger Dojo agreed to his offer earlier, he would’ve stayed true to his word. However, times had changed.

“Understood.” Liang Jing nodded.

Following which, Liang Jing conveyed Shi Feng’s decision to Xie Qiwen, who had waited in a reception room.

“What?! Double the price?!” Xie Qiwen was dumbfounded when he heard the decision. He shouted, “Why doesn’t he just rob a bank instead?! Does he really doubt that the White Tiger Dojo can train its own experts?!”

“I apologize, but this is our Head Instructor’s will. I can’t do anything about his decisions,” Liang Jing said. In reality, she was curious about what business Shi Feng had with the White Tiger Dojo to warrant one visit after another from a genius like Xie Qiwen.

“Good! Just wait! He’ll regret this decision!” Xie Qiwen then left in a fit of rage.

…

After four hours, Shi Feng returned to his virtual gaming cabin and logged back into God’s Domain.

Upon entering God’s Domain, Shi Feng contacted Lifeless Thorn, Solitary Nine, and the others, having them select experts from the adventurer team to form a 100-man team. He then used a Return Scroll to teleport to Cold Wind City.

He had planned to help Lifeless Thorn and the others level up some more before raiding the Ancient Shrine, opening the teleportation channel.

But Phoenix Rain’s request had forced him to move his plans up a few days.

While he had been out killing the Snow Rift’s Field Bosses, he has sent some people to the Library to research the Ancient Shrine. Because of them, he now had a better understanding of the area.

After returning to Cold Wind City, Shi Feng returned to the adventurer team’s Residence and retrieved a large amount of materials. He then began to produce the Nine-star Polar Domain Magic Array.

He and his team had zero chance of defeating the Guardian Boss in a head-on confrontation. He had planned to use magic arrays to suppress the Boss and rely on zerg tactics to distract it while damaging it with Miniature Ballistas.

However, the situation had changed.

He now had the Source of True Frost, which was also why he had made his promise to Phoenix Rain.

Elemental Sources contained a purer energy than that in Seven Luminaries Crystals. Naturally, said energy was useful in many aspects, the most beneficial of which was in forging weapons and equipment. Similarly, Elemental Sources could be used in crafting magic arrays.

A magic array would receive a massive power boost if crafted with an Elemental Source. Unfortunately, they were one-time use items, and using such a rare material was the epitome of extravagance.

But Shi Feng couldn’t care less.

The sooner he opened the teleportation channel, the sooner he could open trade between God’s Domain’s continent and the Ice Crystal World. Doing so would be far more profitable than Stone Forest Town.

In the quiet workshop, Shi Feng retrieved one material after another. He then began to produce Magic Array Scrolls.

Very quickly, Shi Feng had a stack of nine Magic Array Scrolls. When he reached the final step, adding Magic Crystals to the scrolls, Shi Feng stopped abruptly and took a deep breath. Rather than selecting the Magic Crystals, he retrieved the Source of Extreme/True Frost from his bag.

The moment Shi Feng did so, his arm froze solid. He very quickly placed the Elemental Source in the center of the scrolls.

The Source of Extreme/True Frost gasified rapidly. Streams of cold mist flowed into the stack of Magic Array Scrolls. Following which, the scrolls’ power began to increase.

By the time the Magic Array Scrolls absorbed every drop of power from the Elemental Source, the workshop’s temperature had dropped drastically. Even with his high Ice Resistance, Shi Feng couldn’t help but shiver.

The originally dark-purple Magic Array Scrolls lightened to an icy blue.

Had Shi Feng not been prepared, using Earth Dragon Skin as the scrolls’ base material, the Magic Array Scrolls would’ve exploded from so much energy.

Shi Feng waited until the turbulent power within the Magic Array Scrolls calmed before storing them.

“Magic Array Scrolls produced with Elemental Sources are pretty impressive. I wonder how the effects have changed?” Shi Feng clicked to inspect the new Nine-star Polar Domain Magic Array Scrolls.