Chapter 1461 - Abyssal Blade Evolves

Chapter 1461 – Abyssal Blade Evolves

Only after the system had announced the duel’s outcome did the audience react.

“He won, just like that?”

“So fast! I couldn’t even see what he did!”

“Is this really a Balanced Mode PvP duel? Why do I feel like that guy is much stronger than Lifeless Thorn?”

Most people weren’t surprised by the battle’s outcome. After all, both Shi Feng and Lifeless Thorn gave the city’s large Guilds headaches. It wasn’t surprising to discover that one was stronger than the other. Rather, they were shocked over the battle’s process.

After watching the duel, the expert players that had hesitated over joining the Asura adventurer team swore that they would join.

…

“Just who is this guy?” Despair tore at Thundering Sky’s heart as he watched Shi Feng descend from the stage.

He had hoped that even if Lifeless Thorn weren’t a match for the Swordsman, the difference between them wouldn’t be so great.

However, that clearly wasn’t the case.

Even an amateur could tell that Shi Feng and Lifeless Thorn were on completely different levels.

Thundering Sky could already foresee the Asura adventurer team lording over Cold Wind City within a short time. His only choice was to rein in his members, avoiding provoking Asura’s members as he bided for time until Hecate arrived. He had no other options.

…

“The commander is so amazing! I want to see what Wave Heart intends to do now!” Yan Ya and the other Asura members were ecstatic.

They had personally watched as Lifeless Thorn’s undefeated legend was shattered, and a new legend was born in Cold Wind City.

Asura could become one of the top adventurer teams in the Ice Crystal World, not to mention becoming Cold Wind City’s overlord.

…

Below the stage, Lifeless Thorn wore a blank look as he resurrected.

“I lost?”

He couldn’t help but recall the final scene of the battle. Although Shi Feng had used the opportunity to attack while he had been stunned, he wasn’t sure that he could have blocked all ten attacks as they aimed for his blind spots even if he hadn’t been dazed. Even with his Adjudication Spears, he would’ve been lucky to block half of those attacks.

In the end, nothing would’ve changed. He would’ve died all the same.

He now realized that, aside from inferior Basic Attributes and combat standards, he didn’t even have enough combat experience to stand against Shi Feng. The man had the kind of combat experience that only came from risking one’s life in one battle after another.

Taking a few deep breaths, Lifeless Thorn approached Shi Feng.

“I sincerely accept my defeat. I will adhere to my promise and join Asura. However, I’d like to ask you about something. Of course, you may also refuse to answer,” Lifeless Thorn said.

“Ask away. I’ll answer as best as I can,” Shi Feng offered.

“If I’m not mistaken, you should be…a player from another region, correct?” Lifeless Thorn asked, a hint of excitement coloring his voice.

“That’s right. I’m not from the Cold Wind City region,” Shi Feng acknowledged, not bothering to hide the truth.

The conclusion was easy to reach if one watched carefully. God’s Domain had launched some time ago, and experts who were capable of becoming famous had already made a name for themselves. Even if they weren’t well-known, there should be some news of their achievements. It simply wasn’t possible for such a terrifyingly powerful, unknown expert to pop in out of nowhere.

The only explanation was that he had come from another region.

If an ordinary player’s arrival from another region were discovered, it could cause the player a lot of trouble. Shi Feng, however, wasn’t worried. Cold Wind City didn’t have a player who would dare cause him trouble.

“I knew it!” Eagerly, Lifeless Thorn asked, “Are there a lot of experts where you come from?”

“A lot. Too many to count,” Shi Feng responded after giving the matter some thought.

Shi Feng realized what Lifeless Thorn was trying to say. To put it simply, the Berserker wanted to know if there were a lot of experts who were stronger than him. In reality, Lifeless Thorn was a Refinement Realm expert. However, he lacked combat experience. There weren’t enough experts in Cold Wind City to spar with. As a result, his combat style was monotonous. Although it was effective against weaker players, experts of the same caliber could easily overcome his attacks.

Of course, Lifeless Thorn wasn’t the only person in such a predicament. Solitary Nine and the other experts faced the same problem. Unfortunately, there was nothing they could do about it due to the Ice Crystal World’s unique rules.

Fortunately, if Lifeless Thorn and the others were trained properly, they could increase their strength in a short amount of time.

Currently, Zero Wing was expanding on two fronts. Although the Guild seemed strong on the surface, it sorely lacked experts. Recruiting Lifeless Thorn and these other experts would be of great help.

“Then, can you take me there? I promise that I’ll fully devote myself to the Asura adventurer team; I won’t join any other power.” Hearing Shi Feng’s words, fighting spirit burned in Lifeless Thorn’s gaze. He wanted to rush out of the Ice Crystal World and face those experts as soon as possible.

“Not now. I still have some matters that I need to deal with. Once I’ve finished, I’ll lead the top-ranking experts in Asura to develop elsewhere,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head.

In reality, he wanted to leave this place as soon as possible as well, but he couldn’t return to God’s Domain until he collected the Eternal Ice Crystals. And unfortunately, he didn’t have a strong enough team to raid the Snow Rift’s Ancient Shrine yet.

“We’ll leave once you finish your task?” Lifeless Thorn’s excitement grew. “Commander, just tell me what you need. My team will accomplish it for you!”

“I need to collect a sufficient number of Ice Crystal Fragments. The more, the better. Only the Snow Rift’s Boss monsters, Great Lord rank and above, have a chance of dropping them,” Shi Feng explained.

“Understood. I’ll lead a team and kill those Bosses right away.” Lifeless Thorn nodded, turning to prepare to depart.

“Hold on a minute. Before you go, take a look at these.” Shi Feng snatched the impatient Berserker’s collar. First, he added Lifeless Thorn as a friend. He then sent the man a tutorial video for Void Steps. “This is only a tutorial. How much of it you learn depends on you.”

Void Steps was an advanced footwork technique, which Shi Feng taught Zero Wing’s core members. Even if a player failed to learn the full technique, they could grow stronger by studying it.

Now that Lifeless Thorn had officially joined Asura, it was best that he learn the technique as quickly as possible.

“This is…” Shock colored Lifeless Thorn’s face as he watched the tutorial video. He had never expected Shi Feng to give it away so nonchalantly. His heart warmed, and his respect of this Swordsman grew.

After the duel, Cold Wind City’s experts surged towards Asura’s Residence.

In a few short hours, Asura’s member count shot past 5,000. Although only 1,000 or so were official members, the rest became reserve members.

Even so, so many experts made it easier for Shi Feng to kill the Snow Rift’s Field Bosses easily.

He split the 5,000-plus Asura members into 50-man teams and sent the teams to various locations of the Snow Rift. Any team that encountered a Great Lord or higher Boss was to contact him immediately. This way, he could use Space Movement to transport Lifeless Thorn, Solitary Nine, and the others help.

Their grinding efficiency was leaps and bounds above what Shi Feng could accomplish on his own.

In addition, he activated Divine Providence before landing the final blow, using the Skill to increase the drop-rate for Ice Crystal Fragments.

He had to admit again that Icarus’s Heart was a godly tool. With Divine Providence, he claimed one Ice Crystal Fragment from every six or seven Great Lords. He also obtained a fragment from every three or so Grand Lords he killed. Unfortunately, Snow Rift had a limited number of Grand Lord ranked Field Bosses.

On the bright side, since no one had pioneered the Snow Rift yet, plenty of Bosses were available in the forbidden land. Their spawn rate was incredibly fast as well. As a result, Shi Feng constantly slaughtered Bosses.

Shi Feng only gathered 100 Ice Crystal Fragments after three days of grinding. By relying on Divine Providence, he transformed those 100 fragments into 10 Eternal Ice Crystals.

During this period, Shi Feng had also risen from Level 57 to Level 58. Naturally, Lifeless Thorn and the others’ levels skyrocketed, rising from Level 45 to Level 48 in just three days, pulling far ahead of Cold Wind City’s other experts.

Although Shi Feng had achieved his goal, he didn’t rush to turn in his quest. Rather, he ventured to a deserted location and took out the Abyssal Blade. He then attempted to evolve the Magic Weapon with the Eternal Ice Crystals.

“I hope this will work.”

Shi Feng took in a deep breath and clicked the “Evolve” button on the Abyssal Blade’s Attribute Panel. He chose the Eternal Ice Crystals as the evolution material.