Chapter 1463 - Origin Weapon

Chapter 1463 – Origin Weapon

When Shi Feng tapped on the crystal, a brief introduction opened before him.

As he read the text, Shi Feng was stunned.

“This is an Elemental Source?!” Shi Feng couldn’t believe his eyes.

…

[Source of True Frost]

Contains the purest frost power.

…

Although the introduction was simple, almost everyone had known about Elemental Sources in the past. Any Elemental Source was valued more than an Epic item; in fact, most people offered two Epic items for a single crystal. However, players almost never sold them.

The elemental Mana within Elemental Sources was even purer than Seven Luminaries Crystals, and these items had a wide variety of uses.

They could be used in forging, alchemy, engineering, magic arrays, and so on.

If one used an Elemental Source while crafting a weapon or equipment, said item would obtain the power within the Elemental Source. Not only would this strengthen the item’s Attributes, but it would also carry a powerful Original Skill.

If one could produce an Epic Weapon or Equipment with an Origin Skill, its value would only be second to Fragmented Legendary items.

Fragmented Legendary items were extremely rare in God’s Domain. Even first-rate Guilds were lucky to have a handful, much less second- and third-rate Guilds. Hence, in the past, Epic Origin Weapons and Equipment became some of the best the various large Guilds could procure in large quantities.

The Epic Weapon Shi Feng had used in the past had been refined by a Grandmaster Forger who used an Elemental Source. To obtain the weapon, he had spent more than half of the wealth he had accumulated throughout playing God’s Domain. Although hiring a Master Forger would’ve been cheaper, it was much safer to hire a Grandmaster.

He had never expected to get his hands on an Elemental Source this early.

Shi Feng now understood how he had activated a new expansion pack that would require a four-hour-long update.

When Elemental Sources had made their appearance in the past, it had started a new era for Lifestyle players. That had been due to the various uses for these crystals. Elemental Sources could even help Lifestyle classes improve their abilities. Hence, a lot of changes had to happen to the game.

After the first Elemental Source had appeared in the game, the crystals became more common. If one were lucky, they could even obtain one from a Dark-Gold Treasure Chest.

No one knows the Elemental Sources’ true value yet. I can use this opportunity to send Melancholic Smile to purchase them.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng realized that he had to purchase the crystals in bulk.

At first, everyone would treat the Elemental Source as some kind of rare material, selling it for several hundred Gold a piece. By the time they realized its true value, they’d regret selling the items. Conversely, many large Guilds would make a huge profit from hoarding the Elemental Sources.

Shi Feng then found a safe location and logged out of the game.

The new expansion pack had been too sudden. When Shi Feng opened his eyes inside the virtual gaming cabin, the sun outside the window was just beginning to set.

Before Shi Feng had the chance to climb out of the gaming cabin, a series of notifications bombarded his senses. They only stopped after the notification sound repeated several dozen times.

Taking his time, Shi Feng left to get something to eat and drink. He only read through the messages after settling down to eat at the table.

Contact between the Ice Crystal World and the continent of God’s Domain was not possible. Hence, he had instructed Melancholic Smile and Gentle Snow to keep him up to date via offline messages. However, to obtain the required Elemental Ice Crystals as quickly as possible, he had remained in the game for three days straight.

“They’re finally willing to let go, huh?” Shi Feng smiled as he read a message from Gentle Snow.

Recently, nothing major had occurred in God’s Domain. The most noteworthy development was that Gentle Snow had finally captured Hidden Fog Town. Meanwhile, Zero Wing’s Branch Guild in the Black Dragon Empire had recruited 70,000 additional members. The number might not be significant for a first-rate Guild, but it was a different story for Zero Wing. After all, Zero Wing’s recruitment requirements were quite strict. Players capable of passing the entrance test would be elite players in the public’s eyes. It was impressive that a Branch Guild had recruited so many members so quickly.

But Shi Feng wasn’t surprised. What made him smile was the news that the companies that had supported Ouroboros had finally agreed to sell the training center to Gentle Snow. She had already begun the price negotiations.

Once both sides finished signing the necessary contracts, Ouroboros’s training center would become Zero Wing’s main headquarters. In the future, Zero Wing could recruit large batches of internal members without worrying about space.

As Shi Feng browsed through the other messages, his virtual gaming cabin’s offline communicator rang. The caller ID belonged to Phoenix Rain.

Shi Feng reconnected to the game and entered his Offline Rest Space. After doing so, he accepted the call. Immediately, a virtual screen appeared before him. The screen showcased Phoenix Rain, who currently wore a set of exquisite, blue mage robes. She had already reached Level 48, and excluding Zero Wing’s members, she could hold the top position on the Black Dragon Empire’s Ranking List.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, to what do I owe the pleasure? Has something urgent happened?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

“Indeed, something has happened. I’ve been competing with Nine Dragons Emperor on a quest, but for some reason, something has changed on his side. Not only did he complete the quest before I did, but he’s also completed the quest much sooner than expected. Many of the Guild Elders have begun to side with him. Now, the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion just so happens to be activating some ancient ruin. I hope that Guild Leader Black Flame can lend me a few experts on the raid,” Phoenix Raid said straightforwardly, not bothering to hide anything from Shi Feng. “As for the remuneration, I’ll sell you a high-potential Shop in the Apocalypse Empire’s capital. What do you say?”

She had an acute understanding of Zero Wing’s experts. This was especially true for Zhao Yueru, who had participated in the Black Dragon Empire’s ranking competition. There was also Aqua Rose to consider, who had put on a shocking performance during the siege war in Green Rain Town.

If experts like these women joined her team, she’d have a much higher chance of successfully raiding the ancient ruin her Guild had found.

Shi Feng was surprised to hear Phoenix Rain’s offer.

He had never thought that this woman would be generous enough to sell an imperial capital Shop for a handful of experts. Such Shops were incredibly hard to come by. Many organizations offered two or three times the market price for them, but only a fool would willingly sell an imperial capital Shop so early in the game.

“Ancient ruins? Can you tell me which ancient ruins you intend to Raid?” Shi Feng asked after calming down.

“We’ve activated the Apocalypse Empire’s Sunset Forest,” Phoenix Rain answered, confused as to why he’d ask such a question.

“I see.” Realization immediately dawned on Shi Feng. After giving the matter some thought, he said, “If you wish to borrow some manpower, then you shall have it. However, I have a better proposal. I’ll help you clear the ruins. In return, I want 20% of the resources we obtain during the raid.”

God’s Domain had countless ancient ruins, many of which stored various items and materials that had been hidden since before the Great Destruction. Normally, these items wouldn’t surface on the market. Meanwhile, the Apocalypse Empire’s Sunset Forest had been particularly famous in the past due to its Ancient Origin Wood, a top-tier material used in ships’ construction.

Phoenix Rain couldn’t help but frown when she heard Shi Feng’s counter-offer. Seeing the man’s confidence, she had to ask, “That’s a Level 50 to Level 60, Grade 1 ancient ruin. Are you confident in clearing it?”

“Will you believe me if I say that I’m 60% confident?” Shi Feng understood that she had many questions, but he had no solid explanation. After all, he couldn’t possibly tell her that he had learned about the Sunset Forest during his previous life, or that he knew certain tricks to raid the ruin.