Chapter 1466 - First Kill Jackpot

Chapter 1466 – First Kill Jackpot

“How is this possible?”

Both Lifeless Thorn and Solitary Nine were stupefied by the items Shi Feng had brought them.

If Shi Feng had revealed a bunch of Level 45, Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment, they would’ve only been surprised at how many Dark-Gold items he had obtained.

But when they saw the four Dark-Gold Sets.

As far as they knew, Cold Wind City didn’t have a single, available Dark-Gold Set, not to mention Level 45 Dark-Gold Set Equipment. Not even Centurion Dynasty or Matchless Family had succeeded to forge a full set, yet Shi Feng had brought four. Moreover, they were all eight-piece sets.

“Nine, Lifeless, Whistle, and Madness, you four will be the team’s main force, so put these sets on,” Shi Feng instructed his players after glancing over the team.

After the Asura adventurer team had developed for some time, Lifeless Thorn had finally persuaded Dark Madness, Wave Heart’s commander to join. As a result, the rest of the Wave Heart adventurer team had followed his lead, helping Asura become Cold Wind City’s bona fide number one adventure team. At this point, Asura had over 2,000 official members with over 10,000 reserve members. Not even Centurion Dynasty or Matchless Family had so many experts.

Moreover, due to Dark Madness becoming a member, they had solved the problem of Asura’s main force lacking MTs.

Dark Madness, the city’s number one Guardian Knight, was the reason Wave Heart had become Cold Wind City’s number one adventurer team. Due to his presence, Wave Heart had easily raided one powerful Dungeon and Field Boss after another.

Hearing Shi Feng’s orders, the four nodded enthusiastically before joyfully replacing their old equipment with the eight-piece sets.

No one on the team complained. After all, these four players’ strength was irrefutable. If their team wanted to get the most out of the Dark-Gold ranked Sets, the best players among them should use the items.

“Don’t be jealous. I will reward whoever reaches the Refinement Realm with even better Dark-Gold Set Equipment,” Shi Feng said, smiling when he saw the other team members’ envious expressions.

“Commander, are you serious?” Everyone breathlessly turned to Shi Feng.

These eight-piece Dark-Gold Sets were the best available in Cold Wind City. They dreamed of obtaining such a set, not to mention even better equipment.

“Of course. I always keep my word. As long as you reach the Refinement Realm, you can come to me directly,” Shi Feng said, nodding.

He wasn’t lying. The sets he had given to Lifeless Thorn and the others were merely Level 45, Dark-Gold Set Equipment. Meanwhile, he could head to Titan City and purchase the Level 50, Dark-Gold ranked Magic Light Set Equipment Design. In the past, he had only been an Advanced Forger, so it would’ve been very difficult to forge the set, but no he was a Master Forger. It’d be easy as long as he had enough materials.

When the team member’s heard Shi Feng’s confirmation, an intense fighting spirit burned in their eyes. They were even more inspired to reach the Refinement Realm.

After a quick break to switch out the old equipment with the new, Shi Feng prepared his team to raid the Three-headed Frostwolf, the cave entrance’s Guardian Boss.

…

[Three-headed Frostwolf] (Elemental Creature, Grand Lord)

Level 67

HP 130,000,000/130,000,000

…

Despite the upgrade to better weapons and equipment, these players stared anxiously at the Three-headed Frostwolf, standing over 20 meters tall, as their hearts began to pound.

Although their Basic Attributes had increased, defeating a Grand Lord that was over 20 levels higher than they were was unrealistic.

“Nine, Dark, you’ll be on support. Everyone else, spread out alongside the Boss,” Shi Feng commanded the team as he watched the sleeping Frostwolf. He then took out the Bible of Darkness and activated Demon Summoning.

With the team’s current strength, it was impossible to raid the Ancient Shrine. However, he had the Bible of Darkness, so he could, more or less, make up for the lack.

Following which, a massive Demon Gate appeared before Shi Feng. A Tier 3 Demon wielding a dark-blue greatsword then emerged.

…

[Fear Demon] (Dark Creature, Demon)

Level 73

Hp 23,500,000/23,500,000

…

When the Fear Demon arrived, Lifeless Thorn and his companions gasped, wary of the human-like creature.

Although the Fear Demon wasn’t as powerful as the Three-headed Frostwolf in terms of Attributes, its intellect was much higher. To players, a high-intellect monster with low Attributes was far more frightening than a dumb monster with high Attributes.

“Don’t be afraid. This Demon is under my control,” Shi Feng hurriedly explained. “The Fear Demon will tank the Frostwolf. You just need to deal as much damage as possible.”

“Commander, this is your summoned creature?” Solitary Nine and the others were astonished.

Shi Feng had already impressed them when he had defeated Matchless Family’s 10,000-man army by himself, and now they found out that he could summon such a powerful demon.

These players only recovered their wits after some time. They then moved into position.

Once everyone was where they needed to be, Shi Feng commanded, “Charge!”

Suddenly, the Fear Demon’s wings shuddered. It moved within the Three-headed Frostwolf’s perception range in the blink of an eye.

Taking advantage of the opportunity while the Frostwolf woke, Shi Feng’s directed the Fear Demon to use the Tier 3 Skill, Darkness Blade.

Three massive blades of shadow appeared above the Guardian Boss, smashing into the drowsy Grand Lord’s heads a moment after.

-1,576,487!

-1,754,374!

-1,945,344!

Each subsequent blade dealt more damage than the previous, slamming the Boss, who had just stood up, back to the ground.

“So powerful!”

“Why does it seem like the commander doesn’t need us to deal with this Three-headed Frostwolf?”

The team members gasped when they saw the damages above the Frostwolf’s heads. In a single attack, the Boss had lost nearly 5% of its HP…

“Awoo!”

The Three-headed Frostwolf opened its eyes after it hit the ground, revealing three pairs of menacing, crimson eyes. Glaring at the Fear Demon, the Guardian Boss spread its jaws.

Each of the Three-headed Frostwolf’s mouths fired a beam of frost simultaneously, freezing everything before the Grand Lord. The Fear Demon froze instantly, losing over 2,000,000 HP. To Demons, who possessed very high Magic Resistance, the damage was horrific.

The Three-headed Frostwolf then advanced, quickly reaching the Demon and swiping its claws.

Boom!

As the dust cleared from the explosion, it revealed a massive crater where the Fear Demon had stood. The Frostwolf’s attack had shaken the Asura member’s willpower. Fortunately, the Fear Demon had broken free from the ice and used its greatsword to defend itself in time, only receiving several tens of thousands of damage.

Seeing this, Asura’s members grew nervous.

Compared to the battle before them, their previous fights had been child’s play.

Only a few players on the team had remained calm. Lifeless Thorn had even made his way to the Three-headed Frostwolf’s rear, using Chop with his Thunder Spear.

As Lifeless Thorn attacked, one instance of over -10,000 damage appeared above the Grand Lord’s head after another. Meanwhile, Solitary Nine, Dark Madness, and Cleansing Whistle dealt around -8,000 damage with their attacks. Although they couldn’t compare to the Fear Demon’s damage, theirs was better than their companions, who only dealt around -4,000 damage.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng arrived by the Three-headed Frostwolf’s side.

Thundering Flash!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

Shadow Blade!

Flame Burst!

Shi Feng landed a series of Skills, each of his attacks dealing over -100,000 damage. His damage was only second to the Fear Demon’s.

For a time, the Three-headed Frostwolf and Fear Demon fought fiercely. Although the Fear Demon was no match for the Grand Lord, it received constant healing from the healers at the rear and could continue to tank the Guardian Boss, allowing everyone else to chip away at the Grand Lord’s HP.

70%… 50%… 30%…

Time passed quickly. From the beginning of the battle to its end, the Fear Demon kept the Three-headed Frostwolf occupied, preventing the Grand Lord from dealing any significant damage to the rest of the team. Even when the Boss entered its Berserk state, the team easily coped, with the Guardian Knights casting Protection Blessing on the Fear Demon. When the Three-headed Frostwolf had less than 1% HP remaining, Shi Feng activated Divine Providence and ended its life with Flame Burst.

When the Three-headed Frostwolf’s HP reached zero, its three heads released agonizing wails that echoed throughout the canyon. The Boss then disintegrated into countless particles of light, leaving behind over a hundred items in its place. The Grand Lord’s death also granted more EXP than Shi Feng had expected, and several team members leveled up on the spot.

…

System: Congratulations! You have obtained the First Kill of the Three-headed Frostwolf, the King of the Ice Fields. Rewards doubled.