Chapter 1467 - Skill That Overcomes Tiers

Chapter 1467 – Skill that Overcomes Tiers

“The Boss dropped so many items!”

“We hit a jackpot!”

“Is this for real!? This is the first time I’ve seen a jackpot!”

“Look! There are weapons and equipment among the loot!”

“Centurion Dynasty and Matchless Family will die from envy when they hear about this.”

…

Everyone gaped at the miniature mountain of items. Although they were shocked that they had actually killed the Three-headed Frostwolf, its loot was even more astounding.

In God’s Domain, monsters at level 50 and above would have drastically reduced drop-rates. Even the monsters in forbidden lands like the Snow Rift usually dropped four or five items. Moreover, the majority of those items were materials. When they had farmed Level 60 Grand Lords, they had only obtained ten or so items from each Boss.

Yet, this Grand Lord ranked Three-headed Frostwolf had dropped over 100 items. Why wouldn’t they be surprised?

“Everyone, rest up. We’ll enter the cave soon,” Shi Feng said. He could not help but shake his head and chuckle when he saw his team members’ excited expressions.

The weapons and equipment a Level 67 Grand Lord were about as tempting as a Level 45, Dark-Gold Set Equipment.

It was common knowledge that monsters beyond Level 50 rarely dropped good weapons or equipment. This was particularly true for the Ice Crystal World. Although the Forging Guidance System offered forging designs for Level 50-plus items, they were far more expensive than the Level 45 variants. Most importantly, one’s forging success rate would drastically decrease when attempting to craft such high-level items. It was already far more difficult to forge Level 50, Fine-Gold Equipment than it was to forge the Level 45 version, much less Level 50-plus, Dark-Gold Equipment.

Among the 100-plus items, over 60% consisted of materials for forging Level 50-plus weapons and equipment. There were also over a dozen Master Mana Recovery Potions, Master Recovery Potions, and Attribute Gemstones of various kinds, five Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, and two Tier 3 Magic Scrolls. One of the Tier 3 Magic Scrolls was a Group Instantaneous Teleportation Scroll, and the other was a Defensive Magic Scroll

Five pieces of Level 60, Fine-Gold Equipment and two pieces of Level 60, Dark-Gold Equipment had also dropped.

However, among these dropped items, one caught Shi Feng’s eye: a thick, golden book.

The book’s cover didn’t offer any clues about its contents. However, when Shi Feng examined the book, he was ecstatic.

What a surprise! I never thought that a mere gatekeeper would drop this thing. My trip to the Ice Crystal World has been pretty profitable.

Shi Feng’s eyes shone as he gazed at the golden book.

The book was neither a design nor a recipe. It wasn’t some sort of treasure map or special item, either. It was only a Skill Book. However, despite being only a Skill Book, it was even more valuable than the super-rare Berserk Skill Books. Players had collectively referred to this kind of book as a Combination Skill Book in the past.

Combination Skill Books had been as valuable as Epic items.

Shi Feng had tried to bid for a Combination Skill Book in the past, but in the end, a first-rate Guild had won the book for 50,000 Magic Crystals. Shadow had only saved 30,000 Magic Crystals…

Shi Feng had never expected to obtain a Combination Skill Book from killing the Three-headed Frostwolf.

Multiple players could learn from a single Combination Skill Book; some only allowed two players to learn the Skill, while three to five players could learn from others. If players activated a Combination Skill with the specified number of players, they could exert frighteningly destructive power with the Skill. In the past, this had been the various large Guilds’ main method of dealing with powerful Bosses.

After all, God’s Domain had many incredibly powerful monsters. Even with the aid of magic arrays, players were no match for these Bosses. During these situations, Combination Skills worked wonders.

However, Combination Skills’ strength and effects varied. For example, Combination Skill Books that could sell for tens of thousands of Magic Crystals generally contained Skills that required four or five players to activate. With such Combination Skills, even Tier 1 players could severely injure Mythic monsters, becoming far more powerful than Tier 3 Magic Scrolls.

Generally, one could only obtain Combination Skill Books from Mythic monsters or Dark-Gold Treasures found in Level 60 maps and above. He never thought that he would actually get one from a Grand Lord.

Following which, Shi Feng inspected the Skill Book.

…

[Triple Frostmoon] (Combination Skill)

Requires three melee classes to activate.

…

A single-target, attack Skill that requires three players?

Shi Feng’s excitement grew after reading the introduction.

Normally, two-man Combination Skills only allowed players the power to overcome a single tier. Meanwhile, Tier 1 players could even injure Grand Lords with a three-man Combination Skill. Based on the market prices in Shi Feng’s previous life, the Triple Frostmoon Skill Book could easily sell for over 20,000 Magic Crystals.

Combination Skills were different from Magic Scrolls in that they were not one-time-use items. They could be used indefinitely, although they did have a Cooldown. Three Tier 1 players using a Combination Skill were as powerful as a Tier 3 Spell. The Skill could even be used multiple times during a Boss battle. A Skill like this could significantly increase a team’s overall combat power.

However, Shi Feng had no intention of learning this Combination Skill himself. Instead, he gave it to Lifeless Thorn, Solitary Nine, and Dark Madness.

“Commander, if we learn this Skill, what about you?” After Solitary Nine read the Triple Frostmoon’s introduction, he realized how powerful the Skill was. It was the equivalent of Tier 1 players being able to use Tier 3 Skills limitlessly. If Shi Feng took the lead during the activation process, he could exert even more power with the Skill.

“I have a Tier 3 Demon. Moreover, I can’t always accompany you in Dungeon and Boss raids. If you three learn the Skill, the team will be even stronger. So, it’s better if you learn it,” Shi Feng explained.

The Triple Frostmoon needed three people to activate; it wouldn’t work if one of the players were missing. Meanwhile, he frequently operated solo, which made it impossible for him to exhibit the Combination Skill’s true potential. He had no choice but to pass the Skill up.

Lifeless Thorn and the others were already considerably strong. Their lack of suitable weapons, equipment, and combat experience were the only things holding them back. However, after spending time under his guidance and watching his demonstrations over the past few days, Lifeless Thorn and the others had significantly improved their monotonous attack methods, raising their combat standards by leaps and bounds.

Right now, Lifeless Thorn’s combat standards were nearly on par with Aqua Rose and Gentle Snow’s. With a Combination Skill, his ability in Dungeon raids might surpass the two women’s.

Hearing Shi Feng’s explanation, Solitary Nine and the others finally agreed. To someone who could summon a Tier 3 Demon, a three-man Combination Skill was superfluous.

…

After everyone in the team had rested, Shi Feng led them into the cave and followed the map towards the Ancient Shrine.

The shrine’s exact location was hidden. Although the map indicated that it was within the cave, the cave’s interior was complex. The cave system was like a natural maze. If not for the map, Shi Feng might not have found the Ancient Shrine’s cave in the first place, much less locating the shrine itself.

The team frequently ran into frenzied monsters that attacked without hesitation after they entered the cave. They even ran into the occasional Grand Lord. Although these Grand Lords weren’t as strong as the Three-headed Frostwolf, they weren’t easy to deal with. The team had to bide their time as they slowly whittled down the Bosses’ HPs.

After ten hours of exploring the cave system, Shi Feng and the others finally reached a dark cavern. During their journey, they had killed eight Level 65 Grand Lords and countless Chieftains and Lords. These monsters had done nothing but provide an abundance of EXP. At this point, Lifeless Thorn and a few others were Level 50, and Shi Feng was only a step away from reaching Level 59. However, this was all due to the team securing these monsters’ first kill.

Disappointingly, these monsters hadn’t dropped as much loot as the Three-headed Frostwolf. They had only dropped Level 60, Secret-Silver and Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment. Combined, these items’ total value was nothing compared to the Guardian Boss’s loot.

A towering, purple-gold shrine sat in the center of the dark cavern. It radiated a sacred aura, and as players gazed up at the shrine, the shuddered.

When Shi Feng and his companions moved within 500 yards of the shrine, they heard the sound of a system notification.

…

System: You have discovered an Ancient Shrine.

…

As they were alerted of the system notification, a magic array appeared on the ground in front of the shrine, illuminating the cavern. Following which, a 10-meter-tall, humanoid robot emerged.

The instant this humanoid robot appeared, everyone, including Shi Feng, felt a stifling pressure weigh them down. Even an expert like Lifeless Thorn paled under this pressure. The weaker team members nearly lost their footing.