Chapter 1474 - Zero Wing'S Auction

Chapter 1474 – Zero Wing’s Auction

Shi Feng didn’t hurry to return to Black Dragon City after the call disconnected. Instead, he left the Candlelight Trading Firm and headed to the Zero Wing Auction House.

The Titan Guard would be of immense help when the Guild raided Dungeons.

If he upgraded the shield to Fragmented Legendary rank in time, it could also help them capture the Manatite vein on Karna Island.

However, 100,000 Magic Crystals were not easy to come by. So, he decided to sell some of the more valuable materials he had obtained in the Ice Crystal World in Zero Wing’s Auction House.

Coins were the main currency in NPC Auction Houses, but Zero Wing’s was an Advanced Auction House. Players were allowed to use other currencies in their transactions, including Magic Crystals.

This was also the reason that the various major powers in the past had sought their own.

As expected of an Advanced Auction House. The place has developed quickly. It’s no wonder why Ouroboros rose to power so quickly in the past.

Before Shi Feng reached the building, he spotted massive crowds wandering in and out of the Auction House. It was far more lively than Black Dragon’s Auction House.

Based on Aqua Rose’s reports, Stone Forest Town’s player population had stabilized at over 1,000,000 due to Zero Wing’s Auction House. It was enough to rival a major NPC city. Such a high number of players also allowed the various large Guilds’ spies to investigate the establishment. Some had even tried to bribe Zero Wing’s core members to learn how their Guild could obtain an Advanced Auction House.

Among the Guilds trying to probe for information, Aqua Rose had discovered a few shadows from Super Guilds.

Unfortunately, although these players’ bribes were tempting, not even Aqua Rose knew how they had obtained the Advanced Auction House Design, much less the core members. In the end, these spies had returned empty-handed.

As soon as Shi Feng entered the Auction House, several Level 20 to 30 merchant players stepped into his path before he reached the counter.

Moreover, he wasn’t the only player they had interrupted. These merchant players in luxurious, non-Attributed clothing approached any player that tried to enter the Auction House.

“Fellow friend, do you intend to sell items here?” a female Oracle in a light blue dress asked after approaching Shi Feng. Softly, she continued, “I can help you sell and purchase items. If you have items to sell, I’ll help pay a portion of the processing fees. If you’re looking for items, depending on the item’s value, I’ll help cover the cost up to 1 Gold.”

Shi Feng had intended to ignore the woman, but upon seeing the Oracle’s name, he paused.

Why is she here?

Shi Feng stared at the smiling player in shock.

The female Oracle’s name was Susie. She wasn’t a fighting expert or some upper echelon from a Guild or top adventurer team. Rather, she had been a famous merchant in the Black Dragon Empire and its neighbors.

Shi Feng had conducted various business deals with Susie in the past. Through her, he had secured a steady supply of various Resistance Potions, which had been very rare at the time. The potions had helped Shadow pioneer a neutral map and encounter plenty of opportunities.

Unfortunately, Susie hadn’t had a powerful background. After amassing immense wealth for herself, some of the large Guilds had targeted her. In the end, they plundered her Coins and resources. Although Susie had tried to take revenge, she hadn’t had any influence or strength. Eventually, she had been forced elsewhere to develop. After that incident, Shi Feng had lost track of the woman.

Shi Feng had never thought that he’d run into her here.

“What benefits do you offer for helping foot a portion of the processing fees?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

“I’m trying to join Zero Wing’s Auction. To do so, I need to meet a certain transaction quota. I’d like to use your items to meet that quota,” Susie explained without withholding anything.

Hearing this, realization dawned on Shi Feng.

An Advanced Auction House would periodically hold NPC auctions. During these auctions, players could bid on all sorts of precious items. However, not just any player could participate. Players needed to complete a specified number of transactions first. Fulfilling these quotas might be easy for adventurer teams and Guilds, but they were quite demanding of individual merchant players.

“How many are you missing?” Shi Feng asked.

Susie frowned at the question, but she offered an answer. “I’m roughly 500 Gold away from qualifying for the Intermediate Auctions.”

Although she put up quite a few of her own items in Zero Wing’s Auction House, many of them hadn’t sold due to the intense competition. She was forced to resort to other methods to fulfill her quota.

“Alright. Help me sell these items, then. But I’ll only accept Magic Crystals.” Shi Feng handed the woman ten ingots of the absurdly rare Arctic Manatite. The market price for Arctic Manatite was over 50 Gold per piece, and even then, no one willing sold theirs.

“Arctic Manatite?!” Susie’s jaw nearly hit the ground when she saw the material this Swordsman intended to sell.

Ordinary players might not know recognize Arctic Manatite, but merchant players were very familiar with the material.

Many of the various large Guilds were preparing to pioneer neutral maps, and they all needed various materials to craft Resistance items. Arctic Manatite was one such example. One ingot could easily sell for 180 Magic Crystals or more. Meanwhile, Magic Crystals’ current market price had climbed to 30 Silver each. Even at such a high price, Guilds would fight over the metal, yet Shi Feng wanted to sell ten ingots…

“Are you sure you want to consign them with me?” Susie asked, giving Shi Feng a surprised look. She understood what it meant for a player to so easily collect ten ingots of Arctic Manatite. With Shi Feng’s wealth, he likely wasn’t worried about processing fees.

“Mhm. Every Coin counts,” Shi Feng said, nodding.

Susie had, more or less, helped in him the past. Since he had encountered her in this life, he didn’t mind returning the favor.

Upon hearing the Swordsman’s agreement, Susie stopped wasting time talking with the man. She pulled a pre-prepared contract from her bag and began to fill in some of the blank areas.

Since this was a consignment, the consignor would have to receive the materials to put them up for sale in the Auction House. To protect both parties, they’d sign a contract.

Within minutes, both players signed the contract.

Once the arrangement was complete, Shi Feng turned and headed up to the second floor.

Meanwhile, Susie was ecstatic as she looked at the two copies of the contract. Once she sold the Arctic Manatite, she would complete her quota. All she would need to do then was prepare for the Intermediate Auction.

However, when Susie read the consignee’s name, she was dumbfounded.

How is this possible?! He’s …Zero Wing’s Ye Feng?

Susie spun around, spotting Shi Feng as he walked toward the staircase leading to the second floor.

Everyone in Star-Moon Kingdom knew about Zero Wing. It was, without a doubt, the kingdom’s number one Guild and overlord. The names of the Guild’s upper echelons was engraved on every player’s mind.

Although Ye Feng wasn’t as famous as Aqua Rose and Fire Dance, everybody knew that he was one of Zero Wing’s core upper echelons. It was rumored that even Aqua Rose, one of the Guild’s Vice Leaders, had to follow the man’s commands from time to time.

To an insignificant player like her, Ye Feng was far out of her reach. She could only ever gaze up at someone like him.

When she thought about how she had engaged such a man for a business transaction, she was speechless.