Chapter 1471 - Mythic Monster'S Loot

Chapter 1471 – Mythic Monster’s Loot

“Success!”

“We won?”

“We actually killed a Mythic monster!”

Despite their miserable state, when these players looked at the Titan Warrior’s corpse, excitement welled within in them. For a moment, they even felt as if they were dreaming.

Even the Snow Rift’s gatekeeper had only been a Level 70 Grand Lord. Even so, it was invincible to Cold Wind City’s players.

Yet, they had just defeated a monster even more powerful than that gatekeeper. Why wouldn’t they be excited?

Shortly after the Titan Warrior’s HP reached zero, it collapsed to the ground before transforming into numerous, large particles of light. As the light faded, they revealed many dazzling items.

…

System: Congratulations! You have obtained the First Kill of the Ancient Shrine Protector. Rewards doubled. Rewarding “Shrine Warrior” title.

…

After the announcement, the team members’ experience bars rapidly increased.

What bountiful EXP!

Shi Feng was astonished at how much his experience bar grew. After all, he had already reached Level 58. He needed a tremendous amount of EXP to level up, yet even after it had risen from 95% of Level 58 to Level 59, it continued to increase.

Level 59, 10%… 30%… 60%…

His experience bar only started to slow after it passed 85% of Level 59. It gradually increased until he eventually reached Level 60.

Shi Feng wasn’t the only one to experience the sensation. Everyone else had leveled up at least twice. Both Solitary Nine and Dark Madness had reached Level 53, whereas Lifeless Thorn, who had a peak hidden class, had only reached Level 52.

After so many evolutions in God’s Domain, a team’s EXP distribution had changed. If high-level players attempted to powerlevel low-level players, the newer players would receive a much smaller share of the EXP. Even with this new system in place, the Asura adventurer team members, who were ten levels lower than Shi Feng, still received so much EXP.

However, Shi Feng was more interested in the Titan Warrior’s loot and the title from securing the First Kill than he was in the EXP.

Shrine Warrior?

Shi Feng then clicked to inspect the title.

…

[Shrine Warrior]

Grants wielder the Ancient Shrines’ favor. Reputation gain increased by 20%, and teleportation fees halved.

…

It halves teleportation fees and increases Reputation gain by 20%? No wonder so many Guilds had eagerly hunted Ancient Shrines’ guardians in the past.

Shi Feng was slightly astonished.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, Ancient Shrines had been very popular as many players loved to visit Otherworlds. Otherworlds had a lot of money-making potential since they all had their own unique resources. Unfortunately, Ancient Shrines’ teleportations fees had been quite high. Not even elite players could afford to teleport to and from Otherworlds frequently.

However, traveling to an Ancient Shrine was typically more troublesome than the teleportation fees.

Although Ancient Shrines had teleportation gates, these teleportation gates only allowed teleportation between a specific Otherworld and the continent of God’s Domain. They wouldn’t teleport players to specific locations like the local NPC cities. Players couldn’t travel to the teleportation gates from the cities’ Teleportation Halls, either.

If players had wanted to visit or leave an Otherworld, they had to travel to an Ancient Shrine by foot. However, these shrines were usually tucked away in remote locations, and players had to face many monsters on the way. As a result, getting to a shrine had been very time-consuming.

But there was a solution. Players could increase their Reputation with specific Ancient Shrines.

When a player earned 1,000 Reputation Points with a particular Ancient Shrine, they could purchase its Ancient Shrine Emblem. Players could then use this emblem to teleport directly to the shrine, saving a lot of time.

Because of this, many players had tried to grind Reputation with Ancient Shrines. Unfortunately, doing so was no easy feat. Most players had been lucky to earn 500 Reputation Points after one or two months of hard work. Meanwhile, the Shrine Warrior title could increase players’ Reputation gain by 20%.

Closing off the title’s Attribute Panel, Shi Feng began to organize the loot.

As a Mythic monster, the Titan Warrior dropped far better items than a Grand Lord of the same level. Moreover, the loot was even more impressive since they had gotten the First Kill.

With a quick glance, Shi Feng spotted over 150 items.

Seeing the small mountain of treasure, passion burned in Lifeless Thorn and his companion’s eyes. They all wanted to dive into the pile.

How bountiful! Even a Super Guild would be tempted to trying robbing us.

Shi Feng’s excitement grew as he looked at the items in his bag.

Although he had killed a lot of Mythic monsters in his previous life, the difference between their loot and that of the Titan Warrior was like heaven and earth.

Generally, Mythic monsters had a high chance of dropping Epic items. Some special Mythic monsters could even drop Fragmented Legendary items. For example, the Final Boss in the Dragon’s Graveyard, a forbidden land in the Black Dragon Empire, had a chance of dropping a Fragmented Legendary item.

Although the Titan Warrior wasn’t as powerful as the Dragon’s Graveyard’s Final Boss, it’s loot was quite impressive.

The majority of the 150-plus items were rare materials for crafting Epic Weapons and Equipment, all of which could easily fetch over 100 Gold on the market. Among them, a particular item was an important component for forging the Epic ranked Broken Steel Set Equipment.

Nucleus of Life!

Epic Set Equipment had been out of Shi Feng’s reach in the past. The best he had equipped were individual Epic Weapons and pieces of Equipment. It was common knowledge that Set Equipment was half a rank stronger than individual pieces of the same rank. If he had worn an Epic Set Equipment back then, he would’ve had an 80% chance of completing his Tier 4 promotion.

If he could forge the Broken Steel Set now, he would become invincible.

Although he had thought of doing so, the materials required to forge the Broken Steel Set were simply too rare. Aside from the required Mana Stones, he had no way to collect the Titan Ore or the Flame, Water, Wind, and Earth Source Crystals. And then there was the Nucleus of Life.

One could only obtain a Nucleus of Life if they were lucky. There was no set method to obtain it. One could say that it was the most difficult material to obtain among the various required materials.

Shi Feng had never expected a Nucleus of Life to drop. Although he knew where he could obtain the rest of the materials, he wasn’t strong enough to reach them yet.

The Titan Warrior had also dropped plenty of Master ranked potions and Magic Scrolls of various tiers. Among the most precious scrolls was a Tier 4 Magic Scroll, Titan’s Wrath, a Tier 4, large-scale destruction Magic Scroll. In a Guild war, it would be a nightmare for the enemy.

There were also quite a few Tier 2 Skill Books for various classes.

The system only allowed players to learn low-tiered Skills from NPCs during the early stages of the game to help them adapt to the game’s environment. Players could only learn Tier 2 and above Skills or Spells from loot or purchasing them with Legacy Skill Points.

Skill Books containing Tier 2 Skills were incredibly rare, and many players in the past had only found a handful after reaching Tier 2, obtaining most from completing their promotion quest. As a result, those players hadn’t been able to exhibit the true strength of their Tier 2 classes.

The Titan Warrior had dropped over a dozen Tier 2 Skill Books. It had even dropped the popular Tier 2 Spell for healers, Combat Resurrection. With this Skill, healers could resurrect a fallen companion even while still in combat. It also reduced the normal death penalty by 40%. The only downside was the Spell’s 12-hour-long Cooldown.

There were also two Combination Skill Books.

However, one particular item had caught Shi Feng’s attention: a shield radiating a faint trace of Divine Might. It was the most eye-catching item among the loot.

A shield?

Shi Feng activated Omniscient Eyes and began to appraise the item.