Chapter 1470 - Slaying A Mythic Monster

Chapter 1470 – Slaying a Mythic Monster

Anna and Kite appeared shortly after Shi Feng activated the Summon Guard Scrolls.

Although it had been some time since Shi Feng had last summoned the NPCs, neither Personal Guard had leveled up much. Anna was only Level 76, whereas Kite was Level 75.

“Kill those Earthen Spirits!” Shi Feng commanded.

Although Anna and Kite were only Tier 2 NPCs, one was an Epic guard, and the other was Dark-Gold rank. On their own, they were more than capable of soloing a Great Lord of the same level.

Although the Earthen Spirits were Grand Lords, with the Nine-star Polar Domain and World Projection’s suppression, they were only as strong as ordinary Great Lords. Neither of his Personal Guards should have any issues dealing with the Earthen Spirits.

Following their master’s command, Anna began to chant an incantation while Kite dashed towards the closest Earthen Spirit.

While inside the Nine-star Polar Domain, the Earthen Spirits were trapped. They could only bombard the magic barrier, but even the Titan Warrior would struggle to destroy the strengthened Nine-star Polar Domain, much less these weakened elementals.

When he arrived before an Earthen Spirit, Kite swung one of his longswords. Dozens of wind blades bombarded the Earthen Spirit, each dealing -40,000 damage. By the time Kite’s attack ended, the elemental had lost one-tenth of its HP.

As a result of this attack, all four Earthen Spirits shifted their attention to the NPC. Although Kite’s combat standards were superior to the Earthen Spirits’, the latter had the advantages of higher Attributes and numbers. Kite had no choice but to focus on defense.

As he was forced to retreat one step after another, Anna finished her chant. Suddenly, a Tier 3 Golden Giant and ten Tier 2 Rock Guardians appeared around Kite. These summoned creatures easily pulled two of the Earthen Spirits’ aggro, alleviating the pressure on the NPCs.

With both guards working together, they quickly got the upper hand in the fight. It was only a matter of time before the four Earthen Spirits died.

“Just what rank are those Personal Guards?! They can actually suppress four Grand Lords!”

“How are those NPCs’ levels so high?”

“Just who is the commander?”

Asura’s members, who had begun to despair, were dumbfounded.

Although they had seen players with Personal Guards in Cold Wind City before, those NPCs had been very weak and of little use to players. They couldn’t compare to Anna and Kite’s strength.

“Everyone, prioritize the Earthen Spirits! We’ll deal with the Titan Warrior afterward!” Shi Feng hurriedly instructed as he glanced at the elementals. “Lifeless, move your group forward and use your Combination Skill from the side!”

Tier 1 Skills and Spells were almost no threat to the Earthen Spirits and the Titan Warrior, but the Combination Skill was a different story. If Lifeless Thorn, Solitary Nine, and Dark Madness used Triple Frostmoon, the Skill would be as powerful as a Tier 3 Spell. It should be able to deal a considerable amount of damage to the weakened Mechanical Lifeform, let alone the elementals.

The players manning the Miniature Ballistas turned the weapons towards the Earthen Spirit Kite tanked, launching a volley of Exploding Arrows at the Great Lord. When the Exploding Arrows struck, the Earthen Spirit instantly lost one-fifth of its HP.

Meanwhile, Lifeless Thorn, Solitary Nine, and Dark Madness led three healers as they advanced.

Unlike ordinary Skills, a Combination Skill had an optimum formation. The closer the users were to that formation, the stronger the Skill would be.

Lifeless Thorn’s group were among Cold Wind City’s top experts. The trio quickly reached Kite’s Earthen Spirit, forming a triangle around it. They then activated Triple Frostmoon simultaneously.

Immediately, three crescent beams of light converged on the Earthen Spirit.

Boom!

The moment the three beams collided, they created a towering pillar of silver light that extended to the cavern’s ceiling, devouring the elemental. The Earthen Spirit, which had less than a quarter of its HP remaining before the attack, transformed into particles of light and disappeared.

Every player that saw the attack was stunned by its power. Lifeless Thorn’s group was no exception.

Only Shi Feng remained unfazed. In fact, he had expected the result. Combination Skills were extraordinarily rare. If a team had one, it would elevate the team’s damage output to a whole new level. Needless to say, the effects of such a Skill against the Earthen Spirit, which had been suppressed to a Great Lord’s standard, would be marvelous.

However, although Combination Skills were very powerful, their Cooldowns were long. These Cooldowns generally lasted a minute or longer.

The Earthen Spirit’s death granted the team members a large amount of EXP. Unfortunately, the Grand Lord hadn’t dropped any items. On the bright side, with one Earthen Spirit down, it became much easier to deal with the remaining three.

Less than one minute had passed between the first elemental’s death and the last. When the team saw their overall damage, they felt as if they were dreaming.

“Everyone, focus your on fire the Titan Warrior!” Shi Feng shouted once the Earthen Spirits were gone. “Lifeless, only jump in after Triple Frostmoon’s Cooldown has ended!”

“Understood!” The team turned towards their last, and largest, target.

With Anna and Kite’s help, the team’s overall damage output increased by a large chunk. As a result, the Titan Warrior’s HP steadily fell.

98%… 95%… 90%…

Time passed quickly. Throughout the battle, Shi Feng focused on controlling the two Demons, distracting the Titan Warrior. When the Demons’ HP fell below 30%, he moved forward and activated Life Domain, healing all allies within a 50-yard radius by 10% every second for 30 seconds.

The rest of the team bombarded the Mechanical Lifeform with attacks. While Triple Frostmoon was on Cooldown, Lifeless Thorn’s group used Tier 2 Magic Scrolls to attack.

By the time World Projection’s duration ended, the Titan Warrior only had 63% of its HP remaining. Shi Feng then fed the Ring of Gospel another 5,000 Magic Crystals and activated the Skill once more. However, with this investment, Shi Feng ran out of Magic Crystals.

When the Titan Warrior’s HP reached 30%, the Mythic monster bellowed and tossed its greatsword away. It then retrieved the two crimson sabers from its back and changed its attack pattern. Although its Attack Power had declined, its attack rate had doubled. Shi Feng had already struggled with maneuvering the two Demons to block the Titan Warrior’s attacks, but the sudden change overwhelmed him. As a result, the Demons’ HPs began to plummet.

Even when Kite and the Golden Giant tried to help, they only slowed the draining HP slightly.

When one Demon’s HP fell below 50%, and the other fell below 30%, the Titan Warrior merged its twin sabers. It pointed its weapon at the Demon with less than 30% of its HP.

Suddenly, a scorching, red beam of light shot forward, tearing through the Demon and only stopping after it crashed into the magic barrier. Even the magic barrier trembled when the beam struck.

The Fear Demon died on the spot…

The Tomahawk Demon received some damage from the resulting shockwave as well, its HP falling to 31%.

With only one Demon remaining, Shi Feng had a harder time blocking the Guardian Boss’s attacks. The Tomahawk lost 2% of its HP or more every second.

Seeing this, Shi Feng realized that this fight had reached a critical moment. He immediately turned to Anna and commanded, “Activate Angel Summoning!”

The NPC didn’t hesitate to start the incantation.

When the Tomahawk Demon’s HP fell below 10%, a white-winged Valkyrie descended onto the battlefield. Her wings shuddering slightly, she arrived before the Titan Warrior, her golden spear sweeping towards the Mythic monster.

A golden flash blinded the players, and the impact threw the incomparably powerful Titan Warrior over 30 yards away, a damage of over -1,000,000 appearing above its head. Before the Titan Warrior could react, the Valkyrie stood before it again, thrusting her Spear of Thunder into the Mythic monster’s heart, devouring a large chunk of its HP.

“Attack with everything you have!” Shi Feng shouted in the team chat.

Abandoning his control over the Tomahawk Demon, he activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power and Blade Liberation before dashing towards the Titan Warrior. Following suit, Lifeless Thorn, Solitary Nine, and Dark Madness also activated their Berserk Skills and charged towards the Boss.

With the Valkyrie as the team’s MT, they overwhelmed the Titan Warrior. The Mythic monster couldn’t even defend itself, much less retaliate.

The Valkyrie could only join the fray for ten seconds. Hence, holding nothing back, she used one powerful Skill after another against the Guardian Boss. Shi Feng and the other Asura members used every Skill and Spell they had alongside her.

The Titan Warrior’s HP fell rapidly.

20%… 15%… 10%…

By the time the Valkyrie disappeared, the Titan Warrior had 3% of its HP remaining. Lifeless Thorn’s trio then executed Triple Frostmoon, destroying a little over 1% of the Mythic monster’s HP. Following which, Shi Feng activated Divine Providence before he and his doppelganger activated Flame Burst and Shadow Blade.

By the time Shi Feng’s attacks ended, the Titan Warrior had stopped moving, its HP gone.