Chapter 1472 - Titan Guard

Chapter 1472 – Titan Guard

In God’s Domain, any item that radiated Divine Might was extraordinary, even more so were the weapons and equipment pieces that emitted the energy.

After Shi Feng scanned the shield with Omniscient Eyes, the system informed him of appraisal time.

Twenty seconds?

Shi Feng rejoiced.

Normally, Epic items only took a dozen or so seconds to appraise. Since the shield had a 20-second appraisal time, it must be particularly high-quality.

Shields were very important to a team. If a team’s MT had a powerful shield, the team would have a much easier time against Boss monsters. Because of their importance, they were hard to find on the market. Furthermore, these shields were generally worth twice as much as a weapon of the same level.

Once Omniscient Eyes finished appraising the crescent shield, the shield’s Attribute Panel revealed itself to Shi Feng.

What an awesome Growth-type shield!

Shi Feng was ecstatic when he saw the shield’s statistics.

…

[Titan Guard] (Shield, Bronze Rank [Can grow])

Minimum Equipment Level: 50

Equipment Requirement: Strength 800

Attributes adjust according to user’s level.

Defense +3,550 (Level 50)

Block Rate: 32%

Strength +33, Endurance +47, Agility +29

Defend Skill +1 Levels

When equipped:

All magic damage received reduced by 30%;

Reaction speed increased by 20%;

Paralysis effects reduced by 30%.

Additional Passive Skill 1-

Guardian Shield: Automatically generates a layer of Guardian Energy, which can block an attack, every 30 seconds.

Additional Passive Skill 2-

Iron Wall: Reduces the impact from incoming attacks by 30% and damage received by 10%.

Additional Active Skill 1-

Titan’s Heart: Generates a layer of Protective Energy that absorbs damage equivalent to five times of wielder’s maximum HP for 30 seconds. During this time, player’s battle recovery improved by 500% and healing received increased by 50%.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Active Skill 2-

Titan’s Will: Becomes immune to all control effects. Reduces all damage received by 80%. Increases Attack Speed by 50% and Movement Speed by 20%. Starting Movement Speed set at 70% of maximum Movement Speed.

Duration: 15 seconds

Cooldown: 3 minutes

(Cannot stack with other Defensive Skills.)

Additional Active Skill 3-

Titan’s Domain: Every non-friendly target within a 30-yard radius will increase wielder’s Basic Attributes by 1%, reduces damage received by 1%, and heals wielder by 0.1% HP every second.

Duration: 1 minute

Cooldown: 2 hours

(Maximum number of targets: 50.)

This shield can grow to Fragmented Legendary rank. Currently at Bronze rank. Growing to Mysterious-Iron rank requires 1,000 Magic Crystals.

…

This was the first time Shi Feng had ever seen a Growth-type shield that could reach Fragmented Legendary rank.

Although the Titan Guard was a Bronze ranked shield right now, its Skills were even more powerful than a Dark-Gold shield of the same level. And these Skills would become even more formidable as the shield’s rank rose.

Just thinking about how powerful the Titan Guard would become once it reached Fragmented Legendary rank made Shi Feng shudder with anticipation.

Fragmented Legendary shields were extremely rare, arguably more so than Legendary items. Any team with a shield of that rank would become famous throughout God’s Domain. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that the team would be akin to an unkillable cockroach in Boss raids.

A Tier 1 MT wielding a Fragmented Legendary shield could easily tank a Mythic monster ten levels lower than them. After reaching Tier 2, said MT could even solo a Mythic monster five levels higher.

With an MT of that caliber, raiding a 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon would be a piece of cake even if the team’s DPS and coordination were lacking. It might even have a chance of raiding high-difficulty, super-large-scale Team Dungeons…

With this, we won’t need to worry about raiding super-large-scale Team Dungeons.

Shi Feng’s lips curled into a grin as he gazed at the Titan Guard.

Following which, Shi Feng examined the other weapons and equipment that had dropped.

The next best item was an Epid ranked Cape, the Titan Mantle, which focused on Strength. There were also eight pieces of Level 60, Dark-Gold Equipment.

Since Shi Feng already had the Nightwalker’s Cape, he gave the Titan Mantle to Lifeless Thorn. Now, the Berserker’s equipment could rival that of peak experts in God’s Domain.

“Commander, what about you?” Lifeless Thorn asked, giving Shi Feng a concerned look. If he had claimed not to be excited about obtaining the cape, he would’ve been lying. Every expert dreamed of Epic items, after all.

“Mine’s even better. Besides, this is a loan. It’ll only truly be yours after you’ve accumulated enough ACPs,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

Nurturing powerful experts was more important than some Epic cape right now. Had Solitary Nine or Dark Madness reached the Refinement Realm, he might have given them the item.

“I understand. I won’t disappoint you.” Lifeless Thorn nodded, not arguing.

Shi Feng then awarded the rest of his team with the corresponding Contribution Points, which they could use to purchase various weapons and equipment from the Asura adventuring team.

Now that the Titan Warrior was dead, Shi Feng could finally breathe. Once the team had rested, they proceeded to the Ancient Shrine itself.

When the team entered the shrine, they felt as if they had just stepped into another world. The shrine’s interior was resplendent, a stark contrast to the bleak cavern. They spotted Elves and mechanical NPCs going about their business. The place looked nothing like a desolate location.

Aside from NPCs, the Ancient Shrine had various Shops selling all sorts of items. There were even places for players to rest and repair their weapons and equipment.

Asura’s members excitedly looked around, but Shi Feng didn’t give his team time to digest their new environment. Instead, he led them to the Teleportation Hall on the shrine’s second floor.

When the team reached the Teleportation Hall, they were greeted by rows of mechanical NPCs guarding the Space-time Teleportation Gate. These NPCs were all Level 200, and the weakest among them was Tier 3. Anybody that dared to cause trouble here would die instantly.

“Hello, sir. If you wish to leave the Ice Crystal World, each member of your party must pay one Mana Stone or 100 Magic Crystals,” the NPC Elf standing before the teleportation gate explained, smiling when he saw Shi Feng’s group. “However, since you are one of our Ancient Shrine’s Shrine Warriors, your travel will only cost 50 Magic Crystals.”

How expensive.

Shi Feng frowned slightly.

Among the various Otherworlds he had visited in the past, the most expensive had cost him 80 Magic Crystals, yet leaving the Ice Crystal World cost 50 after his 50% discount…

Asura’s members, who had been elated to leave Cold Wind City’s region, were stupefied by the price. Although they could afford it, they would only have a few Magic Crystals left.

“Here’s 50 Mana Stones.” Shi Feng didn’t hesitate to hand over the Mana Stones he had prepared to trade for the Temporal Sand.

As for the Countess’s quest, he could send the Asura adventurer team to grind for the remaining Ice Crystal Fragments. He still had enough time before the deadline.

After Shi Feng paid the teleportation fees for 100 people, the Space-time Teleportation Gate slowly opened. Under Shi Feng’s lead, the team entered the gate and vanished from the Ancient Shrine’s Teleportation Hall.