Chapter 1478 - Asura'S Edge

Chapter 1478 – Asura’s Edge

When Shi Feng entered the spatial tunnel, a glaring light blinded him for a moment. When his vision recovered, he noticed that he stood in a familiar, yet foreign, location.

…

System: You have discovered the Historical Site, Sunset Forest.

System: You will be teleported out of the Sunset Forest automatically after 8 hours.

…

It seems we’ve gotten pretty lucky. We were actually teleported to the Werewolf zone.

After taking a quick look around him, Shi Feng had a general grasp of their location.

A Historical Site was like a special secret land. It only opened at certain times. Players had to complete the key quest each time they wanted to enter a particular Historical Site. In addition, players would be teleported to different locations every time they entered.

The Sunset Forest was massive, no smaller than a leveling map. The map was divided into eight zones, and each time players entered the Historical Site, they’d be teleported to one of the areas randomly. Naturally, each area’s danger would also differ. Among the eight areas, the Werewolf zone was considered the easiest to get through.

Each of the Sunset Forest’s eight zones offered varying challenges. For example, the Swamp zone would drag players down, drowning those who weren’t careful. In the Stone Forest zone, players weren’t able to use Spells. The Darkness and Hail zones were the most dangerous. Random orbs of ice would rain down in the Hail zone, claiming players’ lives. In the Darkness zone, players could only see eight yards around them, making them easy targets for monster ambushes.

The reason the Werewolf zone was considered the easiest was that its main threat came in the form of a larger monster population. The zone’s monsters were also quite organized.

All eight zones had one thing in common; they eventually led to the Sunset Forest’s center. However, players didn’t often get that far.

Once the team was accounted for, they adjusted the team’s formation. Phoenix Rain sent scouting parties of Assassins and Rangers ahead to determine their next move.

Unlike Dungeons, players didn’t have access to a system map in Historical Sites. They had to explore the available routes. This was also why the system gave them eight hours to clear the ruin. If a team wasn’t careful, they could venture into a different zone, bypassing the Historical Site’s core.

After 15 minutes or so, the scouting parties reported back with what they had discovered.

When Phoenix Rain read the reports, she was astonished.

“So, this is a Grade 1 Historical Site.” Phoenix Rain frowned deeply at the reports.

Their current location was extremely dangerous. Based on the scouting parties’ investigation, they were surrounded by Werewolf caps. Moreover, a large number of Werewolves patrolled the various paths leading to the Sunset Forest’s core. If they tried to advance, they’d march straight into these Werewolves’ den.

Thirty Werewolf squads patrolled the straightest path to the core, and each patrol consisted of around 100 monsters, led by at least one Great Lord. The more powerful patrol squads were commanded by Grand Lords. Even the weakest Werewolf in the zone was a Chieftain, and they were all Level 52 and above.

Dealing with one Werewolf patrol squad would be difficult and time-consuming, much less dealing with 30.

Furthermore, if they weren’t careful and disturbed any of the nearby camps, they’d be overrun.

Each Werewolf camp had at least 11 Grand Lords, including a specialized Grand Lord. Attempting to face such a force would be suicidal.

After several evolutions to God’s Domain, even monsters of the same rank had varying levels of strength. Monsters that failed to evolve properly tended to upgrade a portion of their Basic Attributes first, such as their Strength, Agility, and Defense. These monsters were known as specialized Bosses. They were much stronger than Bosses of the same rank and level, but they were extremely rare.

Once they knew what they were up against, even Quiet Melody was shocked.

She had raided a Grade 2 Historical Site in the past, but compared to this Grade 1 ruin, that experience had been child’s play. Even extremely rare specialized Bosses were common here. Although players would only lose 20% of their EXP if they died in the ruin, it would add up after multiple deaths.

“I see why they say that Historical Sites are even more difficult than 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons. This Grade 1 Historical Site really knows how to render players powerless.” Phoenix Rain smiled bitterly. She then turned to Shi Feng and asked, “Team Leader Ye Feng, do you have a way to break through?”

“I don’t have any ideas, either. We’ll have to fight our way through,” Shi Feng stated.

Players in other areas might be able to rely on their wit to overcome the zone’s challenges, but the Werewolf zone didn’t offer that option. The only way to the core was to kill their way there.

“Fight our way through?” Phoenix Rain rolled her eyes at Shi Feng. She had asked him precisely because that wasn’t possible. “Since we don’t have other options, I guess we have no choice but to use the four Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls earlier than expected.”

To raid the Sunset Forest, she had prepared plenty of trump cards. However, she hadn’t expected to use them so soon after entering the Historical Site.

No one else on the team voiced an opinion, either. With their team’s strength, fighting 30 Werewolf patrol squads was pushing it. They’d have to face over 20 Level 55 Great Lords and several Level 55 Grand Lords. There were thousands of weaker monsters as well.

If they had four Tier 3 summoned creatures to hold off the Grand Lords while they defeated the rest of the monsters, they might have a chance of making it through.

“It’s too wasteful to use Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls right now,” Shi Feng commented as he stopped Phoenix Rain.

“That’s easy for you to say. How are we supposed to get past the Grand Lords if we don’t use the Tier 3 summoned creatures to distract them?” Lonely Fantasy snapped, clicking his tongue when he heard Shi Feng.

However, Quiet Melody quickly silenced Lonely Fantasy, turning to Shi Feng, “May I know if Elder Ye Feng has a different plan?”

“We’ll just force our way through,” Shi Feng stated.

For a moment, the team fell silent.

If they could force their way through, they wouldn’t need to use the Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls, yet when they saw the look in Shi Feng’s eyes, they knew he was serious. They were stunned.

“Team Leader Ye Feng, what about the Grand Lords?” Phoenix Rain asked when she saw the man’s expression.

“The Asura adventurer team will distract the Grand Lords in our path. Everyone else can worry about the other monsters as we advance,” Shi Feng explained.

“Leave them to Asura?” Phoenix Rain shot Lifeless Thorn a glance.

Based on the scouts’ reports, four Grand Lords guarded the easiest path. A measly 100-man team could never deal with four Grand Lords at once. Besides, other monsters littered the area.

“We don’t have any problems with it,” Lifeless Thorn declared. Initially, he had wanted to veto the idea, but Shi Feng had sent him a whisper, instructing him to agree. With no other choice, he did as he was told.

Hearing Lifeless Thorn’s lack of hesitation, Quiet Melody and the others were stunned.

None of them had ever heard of the Asura adventurer team before today, yet the team claimed that they could distract four Level 55 Grand Lords. This was simply inconceivable.

After some reluctance, Phoenix Rain eventually agreed and said, “Alright, then. Let’s try it. If we fail, I’ll use the Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls to assist you.”

Following which, the team prepared to move out. Meanwhile, Shi Feng made his own secret arrangements.

“Nine, you’ll tank two Grand Lords. Madness, you’ll tank one of the remaining two, and I’ll take the last. Healers, focus on the two MTs,” Shi Feng whispered to Asura’s members.

“I’m dealing with two?” Solitary Nine was beginning to grow nervous.

“Relax,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

After all, he had lent Solitary Nine the Epic ranked Titan Guard. The man was also a Level 53 Shield Warrior wearing an eight-piece, Level 45, Dark-Gold Set Equipment. If he couldn’t hold his ground against two Grand Lords, he didn’t deserve the equipment.

A moment later, the 1,000-man team moved out under Shi Feng’s command. First, he sent the scouting parties to lure Grand Lords’ Werewolf patrol squads to Asura’s members. He instructed the rest of the team to focus on moving towards Sunset Forest’s core.

Every player in this raid was an expert. They had long since grown used to luring powerful Bosses. It wasn’t long before the scouts ran back with four Werewolf patrol squads behind them.

“Go!” Shi Feng commanded when he saw the oncoming monsters.

Taking the lead, Solitary Nine ran up to one of the Grand Lord ranked Werewolf Captains and executed a Shield Bash. He then activated Charge on another Werewolf Captain. In seconds, he had aggroed two Werewolf Captains.

…

[Werewolf Captain] (Humanoid Creature, Grand Lord)

Level 55

HP 72,000,000/72,000,000

…

“Awoo!” The two Werewolf Captains howled in anger as they swung their clubs at the Shield Warrior.

Peng! Peng!

Both clubs struck Solitary Nine’s shield, emitting two loud, buzzing sounds.

Two damages of over -10,000 appeared above the Solitary Nine’s head, devouring nearly two-fifths of the man’s HP. Fortunately, the four healers in the rear restored him back to full.

“How is this possible?” As Phoenix Rain and the others fought their way towards the distant core, they were stunned when they saw the scene.