Chapter 1477 - Unknown Adventurer Team

Chapter 1477 – Unknown Adventurer Team

Not only had Zero Wing’s arrival attracted the Guild members’ attention, but the experts Phoenix Rain and Nine Dragons Emperor had hired also turned towards these experts.

Most of God’s Domain’s ordinary players hadn’t heard of Zero Wing’s experts. After all, God’s Domain had only launched a few months ago, and countless Guilds rose and fell each day. Most players were only familiar with the veteran large Guilds that had been founded many years ago.

But it was a different story for players of their caliber.

They were privy to far more information than ordinary players, and they were all familiar with what kind of Guild Zero Wing was. Not only had Zero Wing become Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild early in the game, but it was also one of the Black Dragon Empire’s top six Guilds, excluding the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion.

Some time ago, a rumor had spread about Zero Wing’s victory over the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Shadow Dragon Legion. The Shadow Dragon Legion was one of the Guild’s trump card legions and very formidable in large-scale battles. The fact that Zero Wing had defeated such a powerful force proved its extraordinary combat power.

“Big Sis Melody, what is the Phoenix Pavilion Master thinking?! We’re raiding a Grade 1 Historical Site, yet she invited so many players from Zero Wing? Is she so desperate for manpower?” a male Summoner named Lonely Fantasy asked, dissatisfied as he watched the 200 players Shi Feng led.

It was common knowledge that a Grade 2 Historical Site was more difficult than a 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon of the same level. Needless to say, a Grade 1 Historical Site would be a greater challenge. If that hadn’t been the case, Phoenix Rain wouldn’t have recruited so many experts.

Meanwhile, the Sunset Forest only allowed each team 1,000 members per raid, yet Zero Wing had dispatched 200 members, taking one-fifth of the available slots…

“I doubt that. Rain might have her own ideas on the matter.” Quiet Melody could not help but reveal a playful smile when she saw Zero Wing’s members. “But the Guild is interesting. Despite knowing how important this is, it didn’t dispatch most of its main force members.”

Most players didn’t have a clear idea of Zero Wing’s structure, but she did. She had thoroughly investigated the Guild, memorizing almost every face in Zero Wing’s main force.

Although Zero Wing had sent a lot of players, Fire Dance, the main force’s commander, Cola, Ye Wumian, and Turtledove, the three top MTs, were absent. Other important individuals such as Violet Cloud, Flying Shadow, Shadow Sword, Rampant Blade, Black Cloud, Minor Wind, and Alluring Summer weren’t here either.

Without these experts, Zero Wing’s main force would be nothing but a joke in the various superpowers’ eyes.

“You’ve finally arrived.” Phoenix Rain frowned as Shi Feng’s group approached. “Team Leader Ye Feng, do you plan to bring all of these members to the Historical Site?”

She could ignore the fact that Zero Wing hadn’t mobilized all of its top experts, but the Guild had gone a little too far if they expected to bring all 200 players to the Sunset Forest.

It was not that she doubted Zero Wing’s strength. Rather, it was impossible for the Guild to gather so many players who qualified to challenge a Grade 1 Historical Site with its current capabilities. All of the players participating in this operation were top experts in their Guilds or adventurer teams. In her opinion, only Zero Wing’s main force members were qualified to stand beside them.

This operation was of utmost importance. She couldn’t afford to lose because of such a minor issue. Moreover, she had long since prepared the 1,000 members required for the raid. Zero Wing’s members were nothing more than reinforcements.

“Of course. I wouldn’t have brought them otherwise.” Shi Feng could hear the ire in Phoenix Rain’s tone. Immediately, he explained, “Let me introduce you. This is Lifeless Thorn, the vice commander of the Asura adventurer team. I specifically invited Asura to help us.”

“Hello.” Lifeless Thorn nodded in greeting, confusion gripping his heart. Since when was he Asura’s vice commander?

Lifeless Thorn wasn’t the only confused player. Gentle Snow and Aqua Rose shot Shi Feng disdainful looks.

“The Asura adventurer team?”

Phoenix Rain examined Lifeless Thorn before glancing at the cloaked players behind him. She had assumed they were from Zero Wing, but upon closer inspection, she realized that their appearances were foreign to her.

She had never heard of an adventurer team called Asura.

Yet, Shi Feng had invited this unknown adventurer team to join such a crucial operation. For a moment, she was at a loss for words.

“Relax. I can vouch for their strength.” Shi Feng was fully aware of the questions plaguing Phoenix Rain’s mind. He chuckled and said, “Moreover, Asura will be absolutely necessary if we want to raid Sunset Forest.”

When he had established the Asura adventurer team, his goal had been to recruit the various independent experts that detested Guild restrictions. Since he didn’t want others to realize how closely tied the team was to Zero Wing, he had named it Asura. After all, any adventurer team that had a Guild behind it would struggle to recruit members. In addition, Zero Wing’s enemies might target Asura, which would be a detriment to the adventurer team’s development.

He intended to develop Asura separate from Zero Wing. The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s operation was a good opportunity for Asura to make a name for itself in God’s Domain, creating a foundation for the adventurer team to grow. With this, he could save himself the trouble of trying to promote the team secretly.

Since they had Shi Feng’s vote of confidence, Phoenix Rain sized up the Berserker before her.

Although the Black Cloak hid Lifeless Thorn’s name and level, it did nothing to conceal his killing intent. Even she felt slightly threatened when subjected to this stranger’s aura. As for the purple spear on Lifeless Thorn’s back, although he had hidden the weapon’s glow effect, she guessed that it was at least Dark-Gold rank based on the design on the shaft and the small arcs of electricity dancing around it. It was very likely that the spear was, in fact, an Epic Weapon.

The Black Cloak hid most of the Berserker’s equipment as well, but after a close look, she noticed that every piece had a unified theme. In addition, a distinct pattern flowed from one piece to the next. Its glow proved that it was Dark-Gold rank, proving that Lifeless Thorn wore a Dark-Gold Set Equipment. Moreover, it was an eight-piece Set.

The Level 40, eight-piece Barbarian Set?

Phoenix Rain guessed.

No… The Barbarian Set is silver. This one is crimson. Could it be…a Level 45 Dark-Gold Set Equipment?

When Phoenix Rain considered the possibility of this man wearing an eight-piece, Level 45, Dark-Gold Set equipment, the gaze she gave the Berserker changed.

Although the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had Level 45, Dark-Gold Set Equipment as well, the Guild had only collected a dozen or so six-piece sets. Naturally, they weren’t as strong as an eight-piece set. The fact that an adventurer team had obtained such a set, in addition to an Epic Weapon, proved Asura’s prowess.

“Fine, have it your way. We’ll enter the Sunset Forest together.” Phoenix Rain still questioned Shi Feng’s claim, but when she thought about her agreement with the man, she gave in. “However, we need to finish the raid as soon as possible. Nine Dragons Emperor has invited Bloody Paradise. I’ve heard that they helped the Nine Heavens Pavilion raid a Grade 2 Historical Site, they should know what they’re doing.”

“Bloody Paradise?” Hearing this, Shi Feng could not help but turn towards Nine Dragons Emperor’s group. He quickly spotted Undead, Bloody Paradise’s commander.

Bloody Paradise had been a top adventurer team in his previous life. Although it hadn’t achieved as much as the Midnight Tea Party had, the adventurer team had been absurdly powerful. This was especially true for the adventurer team’s commander, Undead. He had been a madman who had dared to kill a Super Guild’s leader and countless players from the Midnight Tea Party. Eventually, however, the various Super Guilds and Midnight Tea Party had hunted the man down, removing him from God’s Domain entirely.

“In any case, we need to raid the Sunset Forest as fast as possible. If you need recovery items, let me know,” Phoenix rain offered as she glanced at the time. Only a few minutes were left before the Sunset Forest opened, and even though Shi Feng now knew about Bloody Paradise’s participation, nothing had changed. All they could do was rest up and prepare for the raid.

…

When Nine Dragons Emperor’s players saw Zero Wing’s members join Phoenix Rain’s forces, the laughed.

“Phoenix Rain has lost her mind. She actually let Zero Wing bring 200 members!.” Blood Dragon, the Guild Leader of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Branch Guild in the Black Dragon Empire, could not help but laugh when he looked at the opponent’s team composition.

“Have you looked into these 200 members yet?” Nine Dragons Emperor asked as he glanced at Shi Feng’s group.

Although he didn’t think that Zero Wing could make much of a difference, there was no harm in being cautious. After all, this raid was incredibly important.

“I sent someone to probe for information. Among those 200 players, 100 belong to Zero Wing, while the other 100 are from an adventurer team called Asura. Unfortunately, we don’t know anything about this adventurer team. My guess is that they’ve only recently established. Many of Phoenix Rain’s experts aren’t happy about the situation,” Blood Dragon reported, chuckling.

“A new adventurer team?” The news stunned Nine Dragons Emperor, but after a moment, he laughed uncontrollably. “Phoenix Rain is trying her best to sabotage herself. Have someone leak the information to those obstinate Elders. Let them know who they should truly support.”

“Understood.” Blood Dragon began to compile the information and sent his subordinates to spread rumors.

The last few minutes passed quickly. When the Sunset Forest activated, both Phoenix Rain and Nine Dragons Emperor retrieved a silver crystal ball from their bags at almost the same time, shattering it. The crystal balls then opened a spatial tunnel that allowed Phoenix Rain and Nine Dragon Emperor’s teams to enter.

Very quickly, 2,000 players entered their respective spatial tunnels, vanishing from the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Residence. A breath later, the spatial tunnels also disappeared.