Chapter 1475 - Gathering Of Experts

Chapter 1475 – Gathering of Experts

On the Auction House’s second floor, Shi Feng followed an NPC to a VIP reception room.

He had treated his transaction with Susie as an investment.

Aside from her keen business sense, Susie had made a name for herself in the Black Dragon Empire as a merchant due to her resource channels.

The various first-rate Guilds in the past had struggled to secure a steady supply of various Resistance Potions, yet she had succeeded where they had failed.

It was hard to imagine a merchant player with no background obtaining so many Resistance Potions. Moreover, she had also sold various rare items that had tempted the large Guilds.

Hence, forming a connection with this merchant player was a wise move.

“Boss, do you wish to sell all of these items?” the advanced manager NPC asked as he examined the large pile of materials on the table.

“Yes. Sell them in batches. Only accept Magic Crystals as payment.” Shi Feng nodded.

An Advanced Auction House offered two methods for selling items. With the first, players could manually decide when their items went up for sale, while the second option allowed them to leave that up to NPCs. NPCs would then sell the items based on the player’s requirements and the current demand, putting them up for sale when they could generate the most profit.

However, only the Auction House’s advanced members had access to the second method.

Every player dreamed of accessing this option; not only would it save them the hassle, but their items would also sell at an appropriate time. Usually, players increased their profits by at least 10% with this method.

Ten percent might not make a difference for a transaction worth dozens of Silver Coins, but it was a different story for those worth hundreds or thousands of Gold.

This was one of the Advanced Auction House’s trump cards.

However, Shi Feng had no intention of offering this function to the public just yet. Otherwise, the various superpowers would become even more eager to obtain their own establishment. They might even attempt to steal the building. After all, God’s Domain had certain tools that could return a building to its design even after its construction, but doing so was difficult and costly.

Although the rare materials he wanted to sell wouldn’t earn 100,000 Magic Crystals, he should be able to earn around 60,000. Including the income from the Auction House fees and the Battle Arena, he should have enough to upgrade the Titan Guard.

Once he finished in the Auction House, Shi Feng glanced at the time. He then used a Return Scroll to travel to White River City before making his way to Black Dragon City.

…

Black Dragon Empire, Black Dragon City:

The Teleportation hall had fallen silent due to the arrival of a particular player group.

“What?! They’re actually from Zero Wing?!”

“They’re so strong!”

“Aren’t they Gentle Snow and Aqua Rose? Why are Zero Wing’s Vice Guild Leaders here?”

“Is that the Flame Witch? I’ve heard that she recently taught the Dark Guilds lurking around Lake Heart City another lesson. With no way to deal with her, they had been forced out of the city.”

“Why are so many people from Zero Wing here? Are they going to declare war on some Guild?”

…

When Gentle Snow and the other core members of Zero Wing arrived in the Teleportation Hall, everyone turned towards the party.

Every player in the area felt an immense pressure weigh down on them the moment the group arrived. Many people unconsciously stepped out of the way, opening a path for Zero Wing’s members.

The Black Dragon Empire’s players hadn’t been particularly familiar with Zero Wing several days ago, but after the ranking competition and the siege war, it had become one of the most popular Guilds in the empire, with countless players attempting to join. However, after the ranking competition and the siege war, Zero Wing had already become one of the most popular Guilds in the empire, and many players desperately wanted to join.

With such a large group of the Guild’s experts before them, why wouldn’t they be surprised?

In the past, almost no one knew how strong Zero Wing was, but looking at these members, every player in the Teleportation Hall sighed with admiration. Not only were Zero Wing’s members sitting atop their Mounts, but their levels were also awesomely high. The lowest-leveled among them was Level 48.

Even the number one expert on the Black Dragon Empire’s Ranking List was only Level 48…

“Guild Leader, everyone’s arrived. We can set out at any time,” Gentle Snow said when she noticed Shi Feng approach.

“Good.” Shi Feng nodded in satisfaction at the strict, orderly 100-man team before him. “Take a quick break. The others will arrive shortly. We’ll head over once everyone’s here.”

“There’re more?” Gentle Snow was a little confused.

As far as she knew, they were here to help Phoenix Rain raid the Sunset Forest. She hadn’t heard of the woman asking for other reinforcements.

As soon as Gentle Snow finished her question, a team entered the Teleportation Hall, approaching her group.

Every player on the team wore a Black Cloak, hiding their levels, but she felt the threat of death around all of them. When Gentle Snow looked a particular Berserk with a dark-purple spear across his back, she felt as if she were looking at a ferocious beast that had been released from its cage. The Berserker’s aura was also as sharp as a blade.

For a moment, Gentle Snow sensed the thread of death radiating from this Berserker.

A peak expert?

Gentle Snow was surprised and alert as she quietly examined the Berserker.

In fact, Gentle Snow wasn’t the only one who felt it. Aqua Rose and Zhao Yueru were also aware of this particular player.

This Berserker was none other than Cold Wind City’s number one expert, Lifeless Thorn.

Lifeless Thorn also felt a great deal of pressure from Zero Wing’s team.

Although he had never fought any of these players, his senses as an expert told him that few were strong enough of rivaling his strength among Zero Wing’s 100-man team.

“Let me introduce you. These two are Gentle Snow and Aqua Rose, Zero Wing’s Vice Guild Leaders. This is Lifeless Thorn, who hails from the Ice Crystal World,” Shi Feng said. He could not help but chuckle as the players eyed each other. “Both of your teams will be involved in this undertaking.”

“Guild Leader?”

“Commander?”

All three players turned to Shi Feng in unison, confused.

Shi Feng then patiently explained Zero Wing’s Guild and the Asura adventurer team to both sides.

The news shocked all of them, and both teams struggled to digest the information.

“Guild Leader, just how many secrets are you hiding” Shock overwhelmed Gentle Snow as she watched Asura’s members.

Although the Black Cloaks prevented her from gauging the adventurer’s strength, based on their movements, she could tell that every member of the team was an expert.

The various large Guilds would offer insane prices to recruit such experts, and even then, they had only succeeded in convincing a small number to join them.

Yet, Shi Feng revealed one ally after another. Now, he even had a top-tier adventurer team.

For a moment, Gentle Snow wondered if the man was backed by some Super Guild. What other explanation was there for the continued emergence of so many experts in Zero Wing?

Once Shi Feng confirmed that everyone had arrived, he smiled and announced, “Since we’re all here, let’s head out to Apocalypse City.”