Chapter 1473 - Shocking Wealth

Chapter 1473 – Shocking Wealth

Black Dragon Empire, Black Dragon City:

Inside the congested Teleportation Hall, a constant stream of players appeared and vanished via the teleportation arrays. With every passing moment, new players arrived in Black Dragon City. The city’s population grew by the day.

As one of the teleportation arrays lit up, a 100-man team emerged.

“Why are so many people here?”

“So, this is Black Dragon City? The players here really are well-equipped. Cold Wind City is no match for this place.”

These new arrivals stared at the gorgeous and spectacular Teleportation Hall as if they had just arrived in a new world.

These people were none other than the Asura adventurer team’s members, who had just crossed over from the Ice Crystal World.

“You must be tired after grinding for so long. We’ll disband, for now, so get some rest. You can also use this opportunity to explore. I’ll notify you through the team chat when it’s time to meet back up,” Shi Feng said, chuckling as he watched his curious teammates.

After leaving the Ice Crystal World’s Ancient Shrine, their group teleported to an Ancient Shrine in the Great Thorn Forest, a neutral map not far from the Black Dragon Empire.

Although that shrine had lacked a Guardian Boss, players couldn’t teleport while in the Great Thorn Forest. They had no choice but to fight their way out of the map. Fortunately, the Great Thorn Forest was only a Level 60 to Level 80 map, so the enemies they encountered hadn’t been ridiculously powerful. Even so, they had fought for over ten hours before they reached the empire.

The team then arrived in a border town in the Black Dragon Empire with the help of Shi Feng’s Space Movement. From the border town, they teleported to Black Dragon City.

After such a long fight, every team member was mentally exhausted. Since there was still some time before his agreement with Phoenix Rain, Shi Feng let his adventurer team get some rest.

Besides, he still had a few matters to see to, and moving as a group was too troublesome.

“Alright, we’ll do that.”

“I wonder how many experts are here? I’m going to the Divine Colosseum to take a look.”

After Shi Feng’s dismissal, the team members excitedly left the Teleportation Hall. Lifeless Thorn, in particular, dashed straight towards Black Dragon City’s Divine Colosseum.

After the team split up, Shi Feng hailed an advanced carriage and made his way to the city’s Auction House.

During his time in the Ice Crystal World, he had purchased many of the Otherworld’s unique, rare materials. Including the items his Asura adventurer team had gathered, his bag space and Epic ranked Spatial Bag were full to the brim.

Although he had been absent from God’s Domain’s continent for some time, Gentle Snow and Aqua Rose had sent him regular reports.

The various large Guilds had been busy trying to equip their members with Mounts by offering their elite and expert members subsidies.

Mounted players could explore distant resource maps, gathering more resources for their Guilds. They could also level up faster due to fewer competitors.

Naturally, Zero Wing couldn’t fall behind.

Although Zero Wing earned a lot from Stone Forest Town’s Battle Arena and Auction House and White River City’s Candlelight Trading Firm and teleportation house, it didn’t have much to spare to purchase Mounts for its elites due to its expansion on two fronts.

Hence, this was a good opportunity to earn a quick buck from selling the Ice Crystal World’s rare materials and set some aside for Guild Mounts.

Many of the materials he had gathered during his trip were ice-type items. Not only could they be used to craft weapons and equipment, but they would also be useful in brewing potions that increased Ice Resistance and ice-type damage, both of which God’s Domain’s continent sorely lacked.

Mainstream players had already begun to encounter leveling maps with various environments, and as a result, increasing one’s Resistances had become a necessity. Without those Resistances, players’ leveling speed and combat power would suffer.

Frost Steel Ore, in particular, was the main material to produce Ice Resistance Armor Kits and Mysterious-Iron and Secret-Silver with Ice Resistance. In the Ice Crystal World, a stack of 100 Frost Steel Ore only sold for 1 Gold. In God’s Domain, a stack could go for more than 5 Gold.

Shi Feng had intentionally collected a large stock of the material.

He had planned to sell the materials in Zero Wing’s Auction House, but at the end of the day, Stone Forest Town didn’t see enough traffic. It was no match for Black Dragon City. Moreover, only a high-population city like Black Dragon City could exhaust his stock. If he tried to sell the materials in Star-Moon Kingdom, he’d saturate the market, and the prices would eventually fall.

Half an hour later, Shi Feng arrived before the Black Dragon Auction House. He saw far more players than his visit a few days ago. There were several times more merchant players from other kingdoms and empires specifically. These merchant players hawked their wares outside the building in an intense competition.

After entering the Auction House, Shi Feng found a secluded corner and took a seat. He then called up the Auction House’s system interface and began to place various items up for sale. He had bought almost every ingot of Frost Steel Ore Cold Wind City had to offer, collecting over 5,000 stacks.

Aside from the Frost Steel Ore, Shi Feng had over 3,000 stacks of Ice-capped Grass, a required component for brewing Intermediate Ice Resistance Potions. Each stack had sold for 60 Silver in Cold Wind City, but in the Black Dragon Empire, they could sell for 3 Gold…

Overall, Shi Feng had over 16,000 stacks of materials. Among them, over 13,000 stacks were common materials in the Ice Crystal World. For now, he only sold the common materials, saving the more valuable items for the Candlelight Trading Firm.

“Someone’s selling Frost Steel Ore for 5 Gold per stack?! That’s so cheap!”

“I finally found the Ice-capped Grass I’ve been looking for!”

It wasn’t long before players bought out the first batch of materials Shi Feng had scheduled in the Auction House. Due to the intense competition for the items, Shi Feng made more than the market place even after deducting the processing fees.

Overall, just the first batch of materials had earned Shi Feng a net profit of over 3,000 Gold. At this rate, he should be able to earn over 30,000 Gold. And this was his profit after a single visit to the Ice Crystal World…

If the various Super Guilds learned his secret, they’d pop a blood vessel in envy.

After he finished dealing with the common materials, Shi Feng used a Guild Transfer Scroll and teleported to Stone Forest Town. He stored the remaining materials in the town’s Candlelight Trading Firm. He also collected the Magic Crystals the town had stockpiled while he had been gone to upgrade the Titan Guard.

He had spent most of his Magic Crystals during the battle with the Titan Warrior, so he only had a few hundred crystals on hand. It wasn’t enough to upgrade the Titan Guard.

The number of Magic Crystals Stone Forest Town’s Advanced Auction House and Battle Arena had earned stunned Shi Feng.

Even after deducting the town’s expenses, Stone Forest Town had earned over 60,000 Magic Crystals in just three days.

However, upgrading the Titan Guard wouldn’t be cheap. After spending 1,000 Magic Crystals to upgrade the shield from Bronze to Mysterious-Iron rank, he spent another 3,000 crystals upgrading it to Secret-Silver rank, 6,000 to Fine-Gold rank, 10,000 to Dark-Gold rank, and 18,000 to Epic Rank. Unfortunately, upgrading the shield to Fragmented Legendary rank would cost 100,000 Magic Crystals.

In the end, Shi Feng could only afford to upgrade the Titan Guard to Epic rank. He’d have to save the last upgrade for the future.

“Guild Leader, you’re finally back! I bought a large stock of Flame Potions as you asked. Do you want me to send them over?” Aqua Rose asked, smiling.

Aqua Rose and her team had grinded for Flame Potions in the Flaming Rain Mountains while Shi Feng had been gone. Since it was a neutral map, it had an abundance of extremely powerful monsters. If not for her leadership, they might not have completed their task. Furthermore, due to the map’s difficulty, she had leveled up, reaching Level 51.

“Good.” Shi Feng nodded and glanced at the time. It was almost time for his appointment with Phoenix Rain, and he said, “Let’s meet up in Black Dragon City. And notify Snow to pick a team of experts. We’re going on a trip to Apocalypse City!”

“We’re heading out on another excursion? Alright.” Aqua Rose was instantly overjoyed. She then disconnected the call and contacted Gentle Snow.