Chapter 1482 - Frightening Tier 4 Spell

Chapter 1482 – Frightening Tier 4 Spell

Hearing Shi Feng’s command, Solitary Nine took another look at the towering treant before him before lifting his shield and charging at the creature.

“Is it really okay to let him start the raid by himself?” Phoenix Rain asked worriedly as she watched Solitary Nine approach the King of Trees. “Shouldn’t we send someone to assist him and split the damage?”

Solitary Nine looked like an ant before the King of Trees, and the difference between their Attributes was just as massive. Even a Tier 3 summoned creature would sustain heavy injuries and lose a good portion of its Attributes if struck by all twelve of the Boss’s tendrils, not to mention a peak MT.

“No. Nine is more than strong enough for this task,” Shi Feng said, chuckling.

Although the King of Trees’ rank had changed, its Skills and attack pattern wouldn’t differ. This Boss always used the Tier 3 Skill, Thorn Smash, on its first target.

This move could even wound a Tier 3 summoned creature of the same level, much less a player. Tier 3 summoned creatures were a precious source of combat power for the team right now, so they couldn’t afford to risk them needlessly. In the past, teams had usually sent a player sacrifice to take on Thorn Smash before sending the MTs in.

Fortunately, Solitary Nine wielded the Epic ranked Titan Guard; they didn’t need to waste combat power by sacrificing a player.

The moment the Shield Warrior moved within the King of Trees’ 200-yard perception range, the Mythic monster’s twelve tendrils transformed into sharp spears and shot towards Solitary Nine. The spears were so fast that they looked like twelve streaks of green light as they moved.

Thorn Smash!

So fast!

The sudden attack surprised Solitary Nine, but Shi Feng had warned him to activate Titan’s Will the moment he was within range.

When Titan’s Will activated, golden, divine runes swam across Solitary Nine’s body. The Shield Warrior’s eyes had turned a dark-gold as well. Once Titan’s Will took effect, Solitary Nine was able to shake off the King of Trees’ mental pressure as he received a significant boost. Due to the upgrade to Epic rank, Titan’s Will now reduced the damage he received by 90%. The Skill also increased his Attack Speed by 100% and Movement Speed by 30%. His starting Movement Speed was set to 80% of his maximum Movement Speed, and the Skill now lasted 20 seconds rather than 15.

Before the King of Trees’ main tendrils reached Solitary Nine, he skillfully maneuvered his shield, leaving afterimages as it shifted before the Shield Warrior. Despite its relatively small size, the shield felt like a wall, enclosing Solitary Nine within. In the end, he fended off all twelve strikes.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

A series of explosions echoed throughout the forest, making the distant players’ scalps tingle.

“He’s still alive? How is this possible?!”

“He actually survived?!”

As the dust settled, it revealed Solitary Nine; the man hadn’t moved an inch, and he still had roughly 10% of his HP.

What destructive power!

Solitary Nine gasped when he realized that he still had 6,000 HP. Sure enough, current players have no hope against a Mythic monster.

Despite blocking every attack with his shield and the 90% damage reduction from Titan’s Will, he had lost over 50,000 HP…

Even if he had activated a Lifesaving Skill, the attack would’ve killed him instantly if he hadn’t activated Titan’s Will.

Meanwhile, the King of Trees followed up with another tendril attack.

“Crap! Heal him!” Phoenix Rain hurriedly shouted.

Unfortunately, the team’s healers were a little too slow; before they had begun to cast their spells, the tendril had reached Solitary Nine. However, with Titan’s Will still in effect, Solitary Nine’s shield moved is if it could teleport, appearing between the tendril and the Shield Warrior almost instantly.

Peng!

A crisp clang reverberated as Solitary Nine was forced to retreat by three steps before stabilizing himself. His HP decreased once again.

-3,208!

“Even after another hit, he’s still alive?”

The watching players gaped at Solitary Nine.

Surviving a Mythic Boss’s Skill was already impressive, yet he had only received a little over -3,000 damage after blocking a normal attack. His Defense was ridiculous.

Finally, the healers in the back responded and restored Solitary Nine to half of his total HP, yanking him out of the danger zone.

“Good! Everyone, move in!” Shi Feng commanded.

The six Tier 3 summoned creatures dashed forward. The Assassins, who had been in Stealth all this time, also dashed at the King of Trees. Once they were within 40 yards of the Boss, they threw their Flame Potions at the Mythic monster.

When the potion bottles shattered and coated the King of Trees’ trunk, its sturdy bark ignited. By the time all 100 Flame Potions struck the King of Trees, the Mythic monster had transformed into a bonfire.

“Groar!”

The King of Trees bellowed and groaned as its Basic Attributes rapidly fell, and the pressure on Solitary Nine decreased. Now, he only received around -2,000 damage when blocking the Mythic monster’s normal attacks. Now, he could even withstand an attack from all twelve of the King of Trees’ tendrils simultaneously.

The six Tier 3 summoned creatures and five MTs groups ran forward, each tanking one of the Boss’s main tendrils, further reducing the pressure on Solitary Nine.

However, the King of Trees was enraged, its Attack Speed increasing. Hundreds of smaller tendrils extended from its trunk, attacking everything in range. Each of the minor tendrils carried 35% of the Mythic monster’s Strength, more than enough to suppress a Great Lord of the same level.

The summoned creatures and the MT groups were in danger. When the MTs blocked the minor tendrils, they received nearly -8,000 damage. On average, each MT had to face three or four minor tendrils. Even with their Lifesaving Skills active, the MT groups were starting to falter, and the healers struggled to keep up with the plummeting HP.

Phoenix Rain’s team finally understood how terrifying the King of Trees was.

As expected of a Mythic monster. Relying on the Flame Potions isn’t enough.

Shi Feng sighed helplessly. He then used 5,000 Magic Crystals to activate the Ring of Gospel’s World Projection.

When World Projection activated, the King of Trees’ Attributes decreased once more. The debuff was just enough to help the MT groups hold on.

“Everyone, attack!”

When Shi Feng issued the command, he activated Phantom Kill and dashed for the King of Trees.

Due to the Flame Potions, the King of Trees’ Defense had weakened significantly. When Spells and arrows bombarded the Boss’s trunk, damages ranging from -2,000 to -3,000 appeared above the Mythic monster’s head. The fire-type Skills and Spells did the most damage, each dealing over -5,000 damage on average.

Zhao Yueru’s attacks stood out from the rest. Wielding Frostflame’s Wrath, she bombarded the King of Trees with one fire-type Spell after another, each dealing nearly -30,000 damage.

Just how high is her magic damage?

Blue Phoenix, who stood a short distance away from Zhao Yueru, was rendered speechless.

She was an Elementalist and was already Level 48, yet despite wielding an Epic staff, robe and a pair of gloves, her Tier 1 fire-type Spells only dealt around -12,000 damage. She couldn’t even manage half of Zhao Yueru’s damage.

As everyone continued their bombardment, watching the King of Trees’ HP steadily decrease.

90%… 70%… 50%…

However, as the Mythic monster’s HP fell, more tendrils gradually joined the fight. These minor tendrils no longer focused on the summoned creatures and the MTs, occasionally sprouting from the ground to attack the ranged DPS and distant healers.

Although the minor tendrils only carried 35% of the King of Trees’ Strength, they packed enough power to instantly kill the cloth-armor classes, steadily reducing the team’s numbers.

By the time the King of Trees’ HP fell to 20%, the 1,000-man army had around 700 players remaining.

“Despicable intruders! You will only help me grow!” the King of Trees bellowed.

Suddenly, six more main tendrils joined the fight. Now, each of the main tendrils dealt nearly -20,000 damage to the MTs with active Berserk Skills. Before anyone could react, the six new tendrils killed off six MTs.

As the MT group fell, the Boss’s aggro management descended into chaos.

“Attack with everything! Use every Skill and Spell you have!” Shi Feng shouted.

The sudden loss of an MT group made it impossible for the team to defend against 18 main tendrils. Their only hope was to throw everything they had at the Boss and hope they could outlast it.

Solitary Nine, Dark Madness, and Lifeless Thorn no longer dared to hold back. Immediately, they activated their Berserk Skills. At the same time, Solitary Nine activated Titan’s Heart, creating a protective shield around him that could absorb damage equal to ten times his maximum HP.

The three of them quickly moved into position and activated Triple Frostmoon.

Suddenly, three dazzling arcs of light struck the King of Trees, pulling a pained scream from the Mythic monster. At the same time, the King of Trees lost over 2,000,000 HP, its HP bar decreasing by a sizable chunk.

Likewise, Shi Feng activated Heavenly Dragon’s Power before using one Skill after another.

Across the battlefield, Phoenix Rain activated one Tier 3 Magic Scroll after another as well.

As the King of Trees’ HP decreased, it launched frenzied attacks, swiftly claiming players’ lives. Although Shi Feng wanted to summon his Personal Guards, players were prohibited from doing so in Historical Sites. He could only summon a Tier 3 Demon to assist.

Eventually, the King of Trees’ HP fell to 2%, but only a little over 100 players were still alive. Only a dozen or so MTs still stood against the Boss, and over 70% of the team’s healers had died. At this rate, the team would fall before they could kill the King of Trees.

“Everyone, retreat!” Shi Feng shouted when he realized the hopelessness of the situation. Grinding his teeth, he took the Tier 4, large-scale destruction Magic Scroll from his bag and unfurled it. “Die!”

As the Magic Scroll unfurled, the space around the Sunset Shrine froze. The surrounding Mana surged towards the Scroll in Shi Feng’s hand before a golden magic array formed beneath the Boss.

Boom!

Suddenly, a golden pillar of light rose from the ground, enveloping the Mythic ranked Guardian Boss and piercing through the magic barrier around the Sunset Forest.

The King of Trees’ tendrils, both main and minor, disintegrated. Its remaining 2% HP fell to zero instantly. By the time the golden light pillar dissipated, nothing had remained of the King of Trees. The surviving players only saw a scorched, empty plot of land…