Chapter 1487 - Shocking All Sides

Chapter 1487 – Shocking All Sides

Due to the dark clouds that shrouded the Sea of Death all year round, it was always dusky. However, contrary to the islands in the Sea of Death, lightning constantly struck around Thunder Island, illuminating the area.

As Thunder Island could be found in the Sea of Death’s inner region, permanent storms assailed the water. In addition, a large number of powerful sea monsters lived in the area, preventing sea-faring adventurers from casually approaching the island.

At this moment, however, ships of various kinds had dropped anchor around Thunder Island, forming a tight circle around the landmass. The naval adventurer teams that had come to spectate the upcoming contest were shocked.

“Pantheon’s fleet is amazing! It dispatched 14 Bronze Speedboats and one Mysterious-Iron Speedboat!”

“That’s nothing! Look at the Sacred Temple! Now, that’s what I call amazing! The Sacred Temple has sent over 100 speedboats! Among them, 23 are Bronze Speedboats, and over 50 are advanced speedboats. There are even two Mysterious-Iron Speedboats in the fleet! The Sacred Temple’s navy is definitely the strongest of them all!”

“I’m not so sure about that. Miracle has been rapidly developing its navy. Although the Guild doesn’t have any Mysterious-Iron Speedboats, it has 21 Bronze Speedboats and the Sea Dragon Mark, a Secret-Silver Speedboat. You should see how fast that Secret-Silver Speedboat is.”

“I wonder who will win the contest?”

…

The spectating players brimmed with anticipation as they discussed the participating superpowers’ navies.

Originally, only a few superpowers had focused on the contest for Thunder Island, but as time passed, more Guilds began to realize how important sea’s resources were. This was especially true for the treasured area known as the Sea of Death. In the end, more Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds had joined the fray.

Moreover, Thunder Island was the only safe haven in the Sea of Death. Any player that wanted to develop in the Sea of Death would have to dock on Thunder Island to restock and repair. Otherwise, traveling to and from the Sea of Death would be incredibly time-consuming.

Whoever controlled Thunder Island would become the Sea of Death’s unofficial master.

Naturally, the contest on Thunder Island concerned every player’s development in the Sea of Death. They had to pay attention to it. After all, every Guild had a different management style.

Besides, it was not often that they got to watch God’s Domain’s superpowers have a go at each other’s throats.

Although they didn’t have an entry pass for Thunder Island, they had all purchased an Intermediate Magic Mirror, which cost 8 Gold Coins. The Intermediate Magic Mirror allowed players to spy on a 100*100-yard area within a 10,000-yard radius for four hours.

Fortunately, the Thunder Island contest only lasted eight hours.

Sixteen Gold might be expensive to an ordinary adventure team, but the naval adventurer teams capable of reaching Thunder Island were extraordinarily strong. Spending 16 Gold Coins was nothing to them.

After all, each of their adventurers yielded several to over a dozen Gold. They could easily earn back the spent Coins by exploring dangerous areas.

Players didn’t get to see matches between the superpowers’ peak experts every day. Who knew when they would get another opportunity? Furthermore, the various large Guilds highly valued Thunder Island. They would definitely go all-out in the upcoming contest.

While everyone waited for the barrier around the island to open, speedboats continued to arrive. Among these speedboats, some belonged to the various expert teams the superpowers had hired.

“Amazing! Isn’t that the Shadow Knight Order, a top adventurer team in the Beast Empire?! They’re joining the contest as well?!”

“Look! That person looks like Undead, Bloody Paradise’s commander!”

…

Many of the ships sailing towards Thunder Island belonged to well-known experts and adventurer teams in God’s Domain. However, as everyone watched the famous expert teams…

A gigantic, silver sailboat suddenly broke through the waves. As the sailboat pushed forward, the speedboats in its path inadvertently moved aside, opening a path as if their king had arrived.

The silver sailboat soon arrived before the magic barrier enveloping Thunder Island. Everyone watched the ship, questions dancing in their minds.

“Crap! That’s…a sailboat!”

“It’s so fast!”

“Who owns it?”

“That’s a sailboat? Speedboats are nothing but pests in comparison!”

The One-horned Sailboat’s arrival earned a round of gasps from the watching players. Both the independent players here to watch the contest and the various superpowers’ members were surprised to see it.

“March, which power do those people belong to? They actually got their hands on a sailboat. Why haven’t I received a report about this?” Thousand Miles, Miracle’s Second Vice guild Leader, asked the long-haired beauty beside him as his expression turned grim.

“I don’t know. There’s no mention of it in the information we collected on the superpowers,” Silent March said, shaking her head. She was similarly shocked to see the One-horned Sailboat.

Miracle had focused on developing its navy since the game had launched, yet they had only found a few clues about acquiring a sailboat. They were still far from actually obtaining one. It was truly hard to imagine that someone had found one before they had.

“Send someone to investigate this matter immediately! I want to know everything there is to know about that sailboat!” Thousand Miles barked, greed flashing in his eyes. “Also, send someone to keep an eye on those people. Do not let them slip past us!”

“Understood!” Silent March began to make the necessary arrangements.

Miracle wasn’t the only Guild to notice the One-horned Sailboat. Pantheon, Battle Wolves, King’s Return, Nine Heavens Pavilion, Sacred Temple, and Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion watched the ship closely. They were all hungry to know which power that sailboat belonged to.

Shortly after these Guilds’ upper echelons ordered their investigations, cloaked figures began to arrive on the deck. Almost all of these players wore six-winged emblems. A few of these players were particularly familiar to the superpowers’ upper echelons.

“How do they have a sailboat?”

“Zero Wing?”

Everyone’s jaws dropped when they saw Gentle Snow and Aqua Rose, who hadn’t bothered to hide their appearances.

All of these superpowers were very familiar with the two women. However, they didn’t just recognize these women because of personal fame, but they also knew them as Zero Wing’s Vice Guild Leaders. Since both were present on the One-horned Sailboat, the ship must belong to Zero Wing.

No matter how hard they tried to wrap their minds around the idea, they couldn’t bring themselves to believe that Zero Wing, a rising Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom, had acquired a sailboat, something they had failed to do thus far. Furthermore, Star-Moon Kingdom wasn’t anywhere near the sea.

“Big Sis Rain, look! It looks like that sailboat belongs to Zero Wing!” Blue Phoenix’s stared in shock when she saw Shi Feng on the One-horned Sailboat’s deck.

Rather than responding, Phoenix Rain was dazed. Suddenly, she realized why, after emerging from the Sunset Forest, Shi Feng had taken his sweet time to deal with some other matter rather than rushing to Thunder Island. It turned out that he had hidden yet another trump card.

The One-horned Sailboat gradually came to a halt beside Phoenix Rain’s fleet. The various superpowers, who had been watching the sailboat, shifted their gaze to the Phoenix Pavilion Master. Phoenix Rain stared back, at a loss for words.