Chapter 1481 - Challenging The King Of Trees

Chapter 1481 – Challenging the King of Trees

“Why is it a Mythic monster?!”

“Is the system toying with us?!”

When everyone saw the colossal tree looming over 100 meters above them, their relaxed, confident expressions vanished.

Even Quiet Melody, a Vice Temple Master from the Super Guild, Sacred Temple, could not help her grim expression.

…

[King of Trees] (Plant Lifeform, Mythic)

Level 60

HP 600,000,000/600,000,000

…

Just looking at the King of Trees sent shivers down her spine. Even before the fight began, the pressure of King of Trees’ intense aura weighed down on her.

This was only the tip of the iceberg. What truly made her feel powerless was the thick tendrils extending from the treant’s body.

The Grand Lord ranked Dryad they had previously faced had only wielded four tendrils, each possessing 60% of the Dryad’s Strength, yet the King of Trees has 12 tendrils…

She wouldn’t have worried if the tendrils had 60% of a Grand Lord’s Strength, but against 60% of a Level 60 Mythic monster’s, even Tier 3 summoned creatures would be defenseless, much less players.

Moreover, a large number of Dryads accompanied the King of Trees. At a glance, Quiet Melody counted over 200 Dryads, including six Grand Lords and 60 Great Lords. All of the Dryads were clustered together, so attacking one might lure the whole group.

Even Phoenix Rain and Quiet Melody, who had survived countless raids and battles, couldn’t help their despair.

“Rain, let’s give up on the King of Trees. It’s simply too powerful. We can’t raid that Boss right now,” Quiet Melody advised her friend, who had been silent all this time. “We still have plenty of time left. We can raid other Dryad nests. We don’t need to waste our time here.”

The best part about Historical Sites was their plethora of treasure-laden locations. Although the quantity and quality of treasures they would find in other Dryad nests couldn’t compare to those in the Sunset Shrine, they’d walk away with far more than what’d they’d find in a 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon.

“I understand,” Phoenix Rain responded, reluctance filling her eyes as she watched the King of Trees; she knew that trying to fight that thing would be suicidal. Not even the numerous trump cards she had prepared would help her against the Mythic ranked King of Trees. Immediately, she issued a command in the team chat, “Everyone, rest up. Scouting parties, continue your search for other Dryad nest.”

Just as the scouting parties prepared to head out in search, Shi Feng shouted, “Hold on a minute!”

“Does he have a plan?” Phoenix Rain could not help but turn towards the Swordsman.

“How can he? The surrounding, high-tiered Dryads will be difficult enough to clear out, not to mention the King of Trees. Not even six Tier 3 summoned creatures can hold up against the Boss’s tendrils. Without anyone tanking the tendrils, it’ll only be a matter of time before we’re annihilated,” Quiet Melody argued.

While she acknowledged that they had only made it this far so easily thanks to Shi Feng’s leadership and ingenuity, she couldn’t bring herself to believe that they had a chance against the King of Trees. Compared to the three Dryad nests they had already exterminated, raiding the King of Trees would be a nightmare. The Boss wasn’t a foe that they could defeat with good leadership and strategy. They also needed to be strong enough, and it was obvious that their team wasn’t.

“I’ll admit, I didn’t expect the King of Trees to be a Mythic monster. However, it isn’t exactly impossible to defeat. I just need to adjust my original plan,” Shi Feng explained. He, too, was surprised to see the Boss’s Mythic rank. When he had come here in his previous life, the King of Trees had only been a Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species with a unique bloodline. This time, however, the raid would be twice as difficult.

The King of Trees was also set to face a team of 1,000 players. Although its Strength was no match for the Titan Warrior’s, it had far more HP. It would undoubtedly be more difficult to raid just due to its battle recovery, which would heal it for 6,000,000 HP every five seconds.

The Boss is a Mythic monster, yet he only needs to adjust his plan to defeat it?

For a moment, Quiet Melody wondered if she had heard wrong.

She had encountered Mythic ranked Bosses before, and she was certain that they were invincible to current players. Without siege weapons and disregarding all cost, the team had zero chances of defeating a Mythic Boss. Unfortunately, Historical Sites were similar to Dungeons in that siege weapons were prohibited.

Otherwise, the various large Guilds wouldn’t suffer such massive headaches when dealing with 100-man Hell Mode and super-large-scale Team Dungeons.

“Whatever plan you have in mind, tell us. If we have any hope, we’ll give it a try.” Although Phoenix Rain doubted their chances of defeating the King of Trees, she knew Shi Feng’s personality. The man had never lied to her, so she was inclined to listen to him before dismissing his ideas. In any case, it was better than outright giving up.

“Rain! You…!” Quiet Melody was at a loss for words when she saw the slightly excited expression on Phoenix Rain’s face. “Fine! Do whatever you want! But we’re only giving it one try! If we fail, we’ll search for other Dryad nests.”

How could a Mythic monster possibly be an easy foe? Even the various superpowers in God’s Domain were utterly helpless against these monsters. They were all forced to take the long way around when they found one. If it were possible to raid Mythic monsters, they would’ve started their raids on the super-large-scale Team Dungeons already.

“Mhm, thank you,” Phoenix Rain offered. Quiet Melody was only helping her as a good friend and hadn’t asked for any payment for the work. If the woman didn’t want to do something, she wouldn’t force her. Unfortunately, if Quiet Melody decided not to participate in the fight against the King of Trees, the team would lose a large fraction of its firepower.

“Before this, I’d like to sign a new contract, Phoenix Pavilion Master. Our previous agreement didn’t include a Mythic ranked Final Boss,” Shi Feng said as he handed Phoenix Rain a new contract.

Most of the contents hadn’t changed. Zero Wing would still obtain 20% of the harvest. The only difference was that after the raid, Zero Wing would have priority when choosing five items from the Sunset Shrine.

While Shi Feng could ignore the treasures a Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species guarded, it was a different story for items under a Mythic monster’s protection.

“Renew our contract?” Phoenix Rain read through the new contract. Shortly after, she said, “I don’t have any problems with this as long as we clear the Sunset Shrine.”

Although Shi Feng’s demands were high, it was much better than leaving empty-handed.

Each of the three Dryad nests they had already raided had contained over 100 precious items, excluding the material stashes in each nest. Needless to say, the Sunset Shrine hid far more items of even higher quality.

Following which, the two players signed the contract.

Once Shi Feng ensured that everything was in order, he began to pull Flame Potions from his bag.

Normally, players had very little use for these potions. Moreover, they weren’t meant to be consumed. Rather, they acted as a type of chemical bomb. The Flame Potions only had one purpose: weakening Plant Lifeforms. The effects could also stack up to 100 times, reducing the targeted Plant Lifeform’s Attributes, Defense, and Resistances by 30% and increasing the damage from fire-type attacks by 100%.

After two days of grinding, Aqua Rose and the others had gathered 100 Flame Potions.

The Flame Potions hadn’t been particularly valuable in the past, but once the public had discovered the Sunset Forest, their prices had skyrocketed. They had become a priceless tool for dealing with Plant Lifeforms.

After distributing the potions, Shi Feng had everyone lure the Dryads around the King of Trees, quickly eliminating the mobs.

Without the threats around the Boss, Shi Feng delegated tasks.

“Assassins, when the raid begins, toss these Flame Potions at the Boss. For those controlling the six summoned creatures, try to block as many of the Boss’s tendrils as possible. Ranged players, use your Spells and Skills instead of normal attacks as much as possible. Melee players, stay away from the summoned creatures and find opportunities to strike. MTs, split into six-man groups. Each group will tank one main tendril and should have only two MTs with active Berserk and Lifesaving Skills at a time,” Shi Feng instructed.

After a few minutes of planning, the Assassins and MTs nervously moved into position. Lifeless Thorn and his companions from Asura were particularly anxious. They were already familiar with a Mythic monster’s prowess. Without a magic array to weaken the Boss, it could instant-kill any player.

“Team Leader Ye Feng, everyone is in position,” Phoenix Rain reported.

“Good! Nine, begin the raid!” Shi Feng commanded.