Chapter 1484 - Seven Luminaries Bible

Chapter 1484 – Seven Luminaries Bible

“These are the five items that you want?” Phoenix Rain was a little confused as she saw Shi Feng’s choices.

Setting aside the Seven Luminaries Bible, although the recipe and design for the Sunset Potion and Basic Mana Bomb were valuable, both were very difficult to produce. There was no doubt that the items’ production would be slow and limited.

The rare materials for the Basic Mana Bomb were particularly expensive. A single crafting attempt would cost around 2 Gold, while the final product could cost 6 Gold or more. Most importantly, unlike Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, the Mana Bombs had a 70% reduced effect against players. This impacted how useful the Mana Bombs could be.

Generally, players would only want such an expensive tool to deal with enemy players. Unless necessary, most players avoided using such costly items against monsters.

Even if Zero Wing crafted the Basic Mana Bombs, the Guild would only make a small profit from them. It would take ages before Zero Wing could earn enough money to make up for the loss of an Epic Treasure Chest.

The various large Guilds’ experts were already reaching Level 50 and obtaining their Tier 2 classes. Because of that, most Guilds were focused on converting their resources into items that would increase their experts’ combat power, helping them overcome their promotion quests, yet Shi Feng did the exact opposite by investing his resources in items that wouldn’t yield short-term profit…

He had even chosen two Elemental Treasure Boxes, which only confused her further.

“Mhm.” Shi Feng simply chuckled at Phoenix Rain’s question.

Others might have a hard time using these items to increase a player’s strength, but he wouldn’t have any issues. This was especially true for the Basic Mana Bomb. Although the production cost was high and it wasn’t particularly useful against players, its effects would be miraculous against certain monsters.

Moreover, he had chosen the Seven Luminaries Bible, the most valuable item the Sunset Shrine had to offer. He was more than satisfied with his share.

…

[Seven Luminaries Bible] (Epic Rank Item)

Contains the records of magic arrays the Gods had left behind. Sacrifice a sufficient amount of Mana to activate the recorded magic arrays.

…

The Seven Luminaries Bible would, at most, amount to some Epic toll or magic array with indefinite uses to other large Guilds. Moreover, even the strongest magic array within the bible was Intermediate rank. It could barely suppress a Grand Lord, yet it required a tremendous amount of Mana to activate.

Activating one of the Seven Luminaries Bible’s Intermediate Magic Arrays cost 2,000 Magic Crystals. The Basic Magic Arrays cost 500 Magic Crystals to activate.

Honestly, one could easily purchase a stronger array with so many Magic Crystals. The only benefit of the Seven Luminaries Bible was its variety. Players wouldn’t need to search high and low for a specific kind of magic array. There was nothing else special about the item.

What everyone didn’t know was that the Seven Luminaries Bible didn’t consist of a single volume. Rather, there were a total of seven books. Only after gathering all seven volumes could one display the Seven Luminaries Bible’s true power.

The various superpowers had clashed often to obtain more of the bible’s volumes in the past. They had discovered that one could use Advanced Magic Arrays once they had collected two volumes. While Intermediate Magic Arrays were rare, players could find them if they put in a little effort. However, the same could not be said for Advanced Magic Arrays and above. In addition, the materials needed to craft Advanced Magic Array Scrolls were exceedingly expensive. Meanwhile, these arrays could even suppress Mythic monsters, which would, in turn, increase players’ chance of obtaining precious items.

One could just imagine how valuable an Advanced Magic Array could be if they could use it indefinitely for the cost of Magic Crystals.

God’s Domain’s current superpowers hadn’t discovered this secret yet. Otherwise, Phoenix Rain would’ve mourned the item’s loss.

Once Shi Feng had chosen his five items, Phoenix Rain organized her harvest.

They had obtained far more than she had expected. After opening the three Epic Treasure Chests, she had gained three Epic items and one Epic ranked, Growth-type shield. She was ecstatic over the outcome.

With an Epic shield, the raids on the various Team Dungeons would be much easier for her team.

She had also gained a large number of Level 50 Dark-Gold and Fine-Gold Weapons and Equipment.

Since Level 50 was a major turning point in the game, Level 50 equipment Attributes were two ranks higher than that of Level 45 equipment. Level 50 Secret-Silver Equipment could rival Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment.

She now had enough Level 50 Secret-Silver, Fine-Gold, and Dark-Gold Equipment to fully arm a 100-man team. As long as she gave these pieces to players who had items that reduced level requirements, they could improve their equipment right away.

The shrine had also contained a large number of rare Gemstones, all of which could visibly improve players’ combat power.

Meanwhile, the contest on Thunder Island prohibited the use of magical tools. This included items like the Bible of Darkness. Players had to rely on their own strength during the contest.

This was also why Nine Dragons Emperor had spent so much money to gain Bloody Paradise’s help in the Sunset Forest.

When Phoenix Rain tried to hand 20% of the harvest to Shi Feng, Shi Feng refused the items. Instead, he requested Ancient Origin Wood as his share of the bounty, which was the equivalent of every log they had found during the raid. With the Ancient Origin Wood, Zero Wing could begin producing advanced speedboats.

Since Phoenix Rain needed the weapons and equipment, she saw no reason to refuse him.

Once they had finished distributing the loot, Shi Feng and Phoenix Rain called everyone into the shrine, leaving the Sunset Forest through the teleportation array inside. They then split their party to prepare for the contest on Thunder Island. However, Shi Feng planned to make his way to Ocean Viewing Town with his cargo of Ancient Origin Wood, intending to begin the advanced speedboat’s production.

…

By the time Shi Feng and the others had returned to the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s courtyard, news of their success in the Sunset Forest spread to the various superpowers.

Although the system wouldn’t announce a Historical Site’s First Clear to the local region, it was difficult to keep a lid on the matter with so many participants. Besides, Phoenix Rain had borrowed experts from a few other Guilds for the raid.

“What?! You’re saying that Phoenix Rain obtained the First Clear of a Grade 1 Historical Site?!”

“Since when had the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion grown so powerful?! That’s a Grade 1 Historical Site we’re talking about!”

“Zero Wing and the Asura adventurer team?”

“Where is this Asura adventurer team from? Why haven’t I heard of it?”

“Go! Send someone to investigate this Asura adventurer team!”

When the various superpowers’ upper echelons read their subordinates’ reports, they turned their attention to Zero Wing and the Asura adventurer team, particularly Asura.

Zero Wing’s prowess was no longer news to these superpowers. If they were familiar with the Dark Arena, they had heard of Zero Wing’s experts. There was also the old news of Zero Wing’s 1,000-man army defeating the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s Shadow Dragon Legion, proving that Zero Wing had an incredibly powerful team.

However, the Asura adventurer team was a different story. With the adventurer team being so powerful yet unknown, it had become a target for recruitment.

…

Meanwhile, Nine Dragons Emperor’s team cleared out a Dryad nest in the Sunset Forest’s core. Of the original 1,000 team members, less than 700 players remained standing. The survivors fought desperately to hold back a Grand Lord ranked Dryad.

“Quick! Take these Dryads down! We don’t have much time left!” Nine Dragons Emperor anxiously shouted.

He had used many of his trump cards just to get his team to the central area. Even then, he had spent more than six hours doing so. Once there, they had spent quite some time exploring the area before they had found a Dryad nest, but they hadn’t expected the Dryads to be so difficult to deal with. In addition, the nest they had found had been guarded by multiple Grand Lords. Even after activating all of their Tier 3 Summoning Scrolls, they were at a disadvantage.

“Pavilion Master, a report just came in from Sun Dragon,” Blood Dragon announced.

“What is it now?! Out with it!” Nine Dragons Emperor frowned. They had very little time remaining. If they didn’t eliminate these Dryads in time, they wouldn’t return with a single treasure.

“Sun Dragon has informed us that…Phoenix Rain has already obtained the Sunset Forest’s…First Clear,” Blood Dragon replied, struggling to believe the report.