Chapter 1485 - Taking Shape

Chapter 1485 – Taking Shape

Blood Dragon’s response stunned Nine Dragons Emperor on the spot.

“Impossible!” Nine Dragons Emperor shouted. “I know what Phoenix Rain’s team is capable of! She’d be lucky to reach the forest’s core! How could she possibly obtain the Sunset Forest’s First Clear?!”

They were from the same Guild, so he knew practically everything about Phoenix Rain’s capabilities. Even if she had some unknown trump card, she could never defeat the Historical Site’s Final Boss. He was only confident in doing so because he had an Advanced Magic Array and the aid of Bloody Paradise.

As far as he knew, Phoenix Rain didn’t have an Advanced Magic Array.

“Sun doubted the information as well, so she used multiple sources to verify the claim. She even obtained a video recording of the raid, so there is no mistaking the information,” Blood Dragon explained. “One of the reasons for her success was a tool called the Flame Potion, which significantly reduced the Boss’s Attributes. In addition, the Asura adventurer team has a super-powerful MT that tanked the weakened Boss by himself. In the end, Zero Wing used a Tier 4 Magic Scroll to finish it off.”

“Lucky bastards! They actually found a way to weakened the Boss!” Nine Dragons Emperor fumed when he saw the video Blood Dragon had sent him. A trace of envy flashed in his eyes. However, he sneered and growled, “Just you wait. You may have secured the Sunset Forest’s First Clear, but I’ll teach you that your struggles are futile soon. Blood, notify Sun and tell her that she proceed with the plan. Contact Beast Emperor as well and tell that old bastard that I’m running out of patience. I don’t want to see Zero Wing prance about any longer.”

“Understood!” Blood Dragon shuddered when he heard the cold determination in Nine Dragons Emperor’s voice.

…

Elsewhere, Shi Feng arrived in Ocean Viewing Town via a teleportation array.

The town’s player population had increased significantly since his first visit. He saw countless players forming teams and parties as they prepared to set sail for the islands to grind and level.

He also spotted a few merchant fleet representatives conducting their maritime transportation business.

“Transport from Ocean Viewing Town to Sandy Bay Town! Special price right now! Only charging 15 Silver per person! Less than 1,000 slots of bagspace free of charge! Five Silver for every additional 1,000 slots! Three Silver for each non-bagspace item!”

“Transport from Ocean Viewing Town to Coral Harbor! Only charging 20 Silver per person! Less than 1,000 slots of bagspace free of charge! Seven Silver for every additional 1,000 slots! Five Silver for each non-bagspace item!”

…

Many independent merchant and adventuring players crowded around the merchant fleet representatives, trying to haggle down the prices.

Players who preferred to use the merchant ships were generally trying to avoid exorbitant teleportation fees. Cross-national teleportation fees were particularly expensive. Even teleporting to a neighboring country cost more than 1 Gold. It wasn’t unusual to pay 2 or 3 Gold when traveling farther. It was cheaper to hire a ship. This was especially true for players transporting non-bagspace items.

Although the maritime transportation system in Ocean Viewing Town wasn’t yet perfect, it had begun to take shape.

These people sure are taking action quickly.

Glancing at the various merchant players, Shi Feng easily spotted over five merchant fleets.

It seems that I’ll need to produce the new type of cargo ships as soon as possible.

Maritime transportation had been very well-developed in the past. It had also generated a frightening amount of wealth for players. Hence, the various large Guilds had established their own merchant fleets and contested over territory at sea.

Initially, Shi Feng had been satisfied with the development of his naval forces, but there were plenty of capable players in God’s Domain. In the end, many players had quickly discovered this business opportunity.

At the moment, these merchant fleets were renting ordinary cargo ships from NPCs. Each ordinary cargo ship could only carry 35 people, and the cargo ships’ item space was limited. Each ship could only carry 30 non-bagspace items at a time.

He had previously spent 30,000 Gold to purchase a special Medium Shipyard. As long as he had sufficient materials and engineers, he could begin constructing the new cargo ships immediately. Not only were the new cargo ships 15% faster than ordinary cargo ships, but they could also carry up to 40 people at a time.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng had both engineers and materials available to him. He could start producing the ships as soon as he desired.

Once these new cargo ships were built, he’d make a fortune off of them whether he rented them out or used them himself.

Following which, Shi Feng contacted Melancholic Smile and had her dispatch a large number of engineers to Ocean Viewing Town. Previously, the Candlelight Trading Firm had lacked both quantity and quality of engineers, but now they had become a holy land for Lifestyle players in Star-Moon Kingdom. Since the trading firm constantly recruited Lifestyle players, they had a large collection of engineers. Right now, even if the trading firm only dispatched a small fraction of these players, they would be more than enough to operate a Large Shipyard, not to mention a Medium Shipyard.

“Guild Leader, do you really intend to use such a precious material to construct the Flying Eagle Speedboats and new cargo ships?” Burning Abyss was astonished as he gazed at the Ancient Origin Wood Shi Feng had placed before him.

As a Master Engineer, he had researched the various materials available in God’s Domain. This was especially true for the materials useful to engineers.

He knew that Ancient Origin Wood was a top-tier material meant for ship construction. Using it to construct Bronze Speedboats would be a waste, much less constructing an advanced speedboat. The new cargo ship was even less valuable than an advanced speedboat.

“Just use it for now. I don’t have any higher-ranked designs on me at the moment.”

Shi Feng was just as reluctant to use the wood.

After all, Ancient Origin Wood was a precious material that could only be obtained from the Sunset Forest. When used to construct ships, not only would it increase the production success rate, but it also had a chance of strengthening the ship with the Power of Ancients, enhancing the ship’s quality. It was incredibly extravagant to use it to construct a ship that wasn’t even Bronze rank.

However, he couldn’t care less at the moment.

Ship designs were extremely rare. He had been fortunate enough to obtain the design for the Flying Eagle Speedboat and the newly-developed cargo ship.

Following which, Shi Feng handed Burning Abyss the Basic Mana Bomb Design and instructed him to produce the bombs.

He was happy enough to let the Advanced Engineers take charge of producing the speedboats and the cargo ships. There wasn’t a need to involve a Master Engineer like Burning Abyss in the project. The Basic Mana Bomb was a different story. Despite only being Basic rank, the design an Advanced Engineering Design. If he left it to the Advanced Engineers, their success rate would at most reach 30%. If Burning Abyss crafted the bombs, however, his success rate would be at least 50%. Letting Burning Abyss produce the bombs would save on cost and materials. After all, the required materials were both rare and expensive.

“What an intricate design! I never knew magic arrays could be used in such a way!” After glancing at the Basic Mana Bomb Design, Burning Abyss was captivated.

“I’ll leave the shipyard’s management to you. As for this design, you’ll learn it. If you have time, try to produce as many of the bombs as you can. I have an important use for them,” Shi Feng said, chuckling at the engineer’s starstruck expression.

“Guild Leader?” Burning Abyss was stunned when he heard Shi Feng’s instructions. However, he was instantly overjoyed and excited.

Even after becoming a Master Engineer, he had only been promoted to Chief Engineer in the Candlelight Trading Firm. In the end, he was only one of Zero Wing’s core members, but it was a different story if he were allowed to manage the Shipyard. It was the equivalent of becoming one of the Guild’s upper management. Countless Lifestyle players dreamed of such status.

Following which, Shi Feng handed a portion of the Shipyard’s authority to Burning Abyss. He then paid Rodney a visit, calling in on the agreement with the Master Engineer to assist in the Shipyard. Not only would Rodney’s presence increase production success rate when crafting ships, but production speed would increase as well.

As Shi Feng finished with the Shipyard’s matters and prepared to lead Gentle Snow and the others to Thunder Island, Aqua Rose gleefully walked up to him, whispering, “Guild Leader, Summer just contacted me. She says that she’s successfully class-changed into a Dragon Slayer. Moreover, Cola has also completed his class-change. Should I have them head over?”