Chapter 1495 - Twelve Firmaments

Chapter 1495 – Twelve Firmaments

Without Instant Strike, Shi Feng would definitely have a hard time killing Domain Realm experts. This was especially true on a chaotic battlefield where he couldn’t use any of his Berserk Skills. With the support of expert healers, his enemy could easily retreat and recover if he didn’t finish the enemy off quickly enough. In the end, they would fight an endless battle of attrition.

This wasn’t the outcome Shi Feng wanted. His team lost members with each passing second; in a drawn-out battle, he would lose.

Meanwhile, Instant Strike had a limited range and a very long Cooldown. With how far apart Martial Dragon and Undead stood from each other, Shi Feng could only use the Skill to finish one of them off.

Between the two Domain Realm experts, Shi Feng had decided to deal with Undead, who posed the greatest threat to his team. In fact, he had sent his doppelganger to harass Undead precisely to set up an opportunity to use Instant Strike against the Elementalist. However, Undead was quite intelligent. The Elementalist had maintained a certain distance from his doppelganger, attacking from his maximum range.

However, when Undead had assumed Shi Feng had died, he had relaxed, giving Shi Feng the opportunity he needed.

Even so, he had nearly allowed Undead to get away. Fortunately, he had triggered Killing Ray’s Lightning effect, increasing his initial Attack Speed to 50% of the maximum.

When Undead collapsed, Bloody Paradise’s members were dumbfounded.

Undead was the adventurer team’s pillar of strength. Now that this pillar had fallen, the remaining members had lost their will to fight. All that was left was horror.

They were especially afraid of that Swordsman’s frightening strike.

Before they had realized what was happening, their commander had lost his life. Although Undead was only an Elementalist, he had more than 30,000 HP.

Yet, Shi Feng had devoured every hit point in one hit. In other words, this Swordsman could instant-kill any cloth-armor class on the battlefield. He could even take out MTs with high HP and Defense in two or three hits…

How is he so fast?!

Nine Dragons Emperor, who watched proudly from a distance, wore a grim expression as he watched Shi Feng.

Most of the experts on the battlefield might not have understood what had just happened, but he had caught a glimpse.

The instant Shi Feng had appeared before Undead, the latter had activated Blink to escape, yet not even the Skill’s instantaneous activation could take full effect before Shi Feng completed his slash.

This godlike Attack Speed was simply unheard of.

If he allowed Shi Feng to get close to him…

Nine Dragons Emperor felt a chill crawl down his spine.

“This is the commander’s true strength?”

“How strong is he?! Not even such a powerful Elementalist could escape the commander after activating Blink!”

Solitary Nine and the other Asura members were shocked when they saw Shi Feng’s enemies afraid, keeping their distance from the Swordsman.

Asura’s members dreamed of achieving such a feat.

However, while everyone watched Shi Feng in shock, Nine Dragons Emperor finally made his move. A dark-gray longbow, engraved with magical patterns, appeared in his left hand. The Mana around Nine Dragons Emperor surged towards the weapon.

At the same time, Nine Dragons Emperor retrieved an arrow covered in magical, crimson patterns from his bag. The magic patterns on the longbow and arrow seemed similar. It was obvious that they were a part of a set.

“Pavilion Master?!” Martial Dragon was surprised as he watched his Pavilion Master pull out the weapon and ammo.

The longbow in Nine Dragons Emperor’s hand was called Star Shatterer, a very special Magic Weapon. When used with its paired arrow, the longbow would gain the Additional Skill, Twelve Firmaments. When activated, the Skill would launch twelve attacks simultaneously, each of which had enough power to wound a Grand Lord of the same level. Moreover, the twelve attacks were impossible to dodge. The attacks would even break through invulnerability. It was an ultimate move that could only be used once every ten hours.

Not even the Great Pavilion Master knew about Nine Dragons Emperor’s Star Shatterer. He had initially planned to save this trump card for Thunder Island’s powerful Guardian Bosses. Martial Dragon had never expected the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion Master to use the longbow against Shi Feng.

“Die!”

Nine Dragons Emperor pulled back Star Shatterer’s bowstring, stretching the weapon into a full circle. He aimed for Shi Feng, who stood nearly 100 yards away, before activating Twelve Firmaments.

The Ranger class already had the longest attack range of all of the various ranged classes. However, even after reaching Tier 1, Rangers only had a maximum attack range of 52 yards, yet Twelve Firmaments could double that range, locking onto targets up to 104 yards away.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Suddenly, the crimson arrow Nine Dragons Emperor had knocked split into twelve streaks of dark-blue light that flew towards Shi Feng. As these arrows moved, they tore through space as if tearing through paper, leaving one spatial rip after another in their wake.

After killing Undead, Shi Feng had planned to take advantage of the shock to take down a few more enemies around him, but when he caught sight of Nine Dragons Emperor’s longbow from the corner of his eye, a chill crawled down his spine.

Star Shatterer had been incredibly famous in his previous life. The longbow ranked 28th on the Magic Weapon Ranking List in God’s Domain. In the hands of a Tier 2 player, the weapon would even injure a Mythic monster of the same level.

Only, Shi Feng hadn’t realized that Nine Dragons Emperor had obtained Star Shatterer so early in the game.

Upon seeing the twelve arrows flying from Nine Dragons Emperor’s longbow, Shi Feng instinctively activated Void Shield, a protective barrier capable of absorbing damage equal to ten times his maximum HP. He then executed Sword’s Orbit to deflect the incoming arrows.

Once the attack had locked on, Twelve Firmaments would follow him wherever he went; he had no choice but to take the attacks head-on.

Fortunately, Instant Strike was still in effect. Immediately, a galaxy of stars formed around him, clashing with the twelve streaks of dark-blue light.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Each attack pushed Shi Feng several yards back. By the time he blocked the twelfth attack, he was 60 yards from where he has started, and his Void Shield had shattered.

Shi Feng’s HP fell like there was no tomorrow.

90%… 70%… 50%…

When he eventually stopped sliding backward, his HP bar stabilized.

He’s not dead?! How is that possible?!

Nine Dragons Emperor flashed Shi Feng an incredulous look. He simply could not believe that his attack, which could even wound a Grand Lord, had failed to kill Shi Feng.

Moreover, although Shi Feng looked fairly miserable, even sporting a cut on his cheek from the pressure of the attack, he still had over 20% of his HP.

The Twelve Firmaments is really no joke.

Shi Feng smiled bitterly as he glanced down at his numb hands.

If not for his Strength, which even exceeded a Great Lord’s of the same level, Void Shield, and sufficient reaction speed that attack would’ve taken his life.

“Everyone, pay attention! Miracle’s forces are heading this way! If we can hold out for a little while longer, victory will be ours!” Nine Dragons Emperor declared. “Anyone who kills Phoenix Rain will receive a piece of Level 50 Dark-Gold Equipment! I’ll also reward anybody who kills Ye Feng 1,000 Magic Crystals and a piece of Level 50 Dark-Gold Equipment!”

Nine Dragons Emperor hadn’t thought that he’d encounter anyone who could threaten his life, but after watching Shi Feng take Undead’s, he no longer felt safe. If he did not get rid of Shi Feng now, and the man’s Skills finished their Cooldowns, the consequences would be unimaginable. He had to prioritize the Swordsman’s death, forcing him to lose a level and a piece of equipment.

If an expert of Shi Feng’s caliber lost a piece of equipment that he was particularly compatible with, his combat power would plummet. Only then would Nine Dragons Emperor’s mind be at peace.

Of course, killing Shi Feng multiple times would be the best outcome.

“Level 50 Dark-Gold Equipment?!”

“All hail the Pavilion Master!”

Hearing Nine Dragons Emperor’s announcement, many of the players on his team turned towards Shi Feng, eager to earn the rewards.

When Phoenix Rain’s team members heard the declaration, they were confused. They weren’t surprised by the bounty on Phoenix Rain’s head, but he had also placed an even higher bounty on Shi Feng’s. The Phoenix Pavilion members didn’t understand why Nine Dragons Emperor would prioritize the Swordsman’s death over Phoenix Rain’s.

However, what truly made Phoenix Rain’s team members despair was the news that Miracle’s members had almost reached the battlefield, coming to assist their enemy.

He’s already colluded with Miracle?

Shi Feng felt pressed for time as he watched his enemies’ morale recover. He shifted his gaze towards Bloodhand Yama and the other Flower of Seven Sins’ members.

It seems that I can’t afford to hold back any longer!

As Shi Feng made his way towards Bloodhand Yama, he activated Divine Steps to nullify the incoming attacks from the enemy experts around him. Both of his hands were still numb, and the best he could do was maintain his grip on his weapons, much less deflect an attack.

A moment later, Shi Feng reached Phoenix Rain’s section of the battlefield. He stabbed the Abyssal Blade into the ground and activated the evolved Abyssal Curse.