Chapter 1491 - Experts Clashing

Chapter 1491 – Experts Clashing

Just as Shi Feng finished issuing orders, a figure appeared behind Cola.

“Assassin! Be careful!”

Lifeless Thorn shouted to warn the Guardian Knight when he saw the figure.

He stood only five yards away from Cola, and at that distance, he could even sense movement in the grace, yet despite pushing his senses to their limits, he failed to detect the approaching figure. Only after this figure had revealed himself had he noticed the enemy Assassin…

He had never heard of such a high-level concealment technique.

Although Lifeless Thorn tried to stop the Assassin’s attack, the latter was simply too fast. A split second after the Assassin had appeared, a steak of black light sliced across Cola’s back.

“Do you really think you have any hope of leaving this place alive?” Shadowtooth, who wore a black mask, hissed after appearing behind Cola.

Assassinate!

Peng!

When the black light descended, nearby players heard the sound of shattering glass.

Before anyone had noticed, a transparent barrier had manifested behind Cola. Shadowtooth’s attack sliced the barrier in half, but Cola remained unharmed.

Someone blocked my attack?

Shadowtooth was caught off guard. He turned to search his surroundings, intent on finding the player that had blocked his blade.

The Assassin’s gaze soon found Alluring Summer, who wore pitch-black mage robes and wielded a blue, wooden staff.

She actually stopped Shadowtooth’s ambush? Just who is that female Elementalist?

Nine Dragons Emperor, who commanded the battle from afar, shot Alluring Summer a glance.

Shadowtooth was the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s number one expert. Both his skills and items ranked among the best in the Guild.

Even Martial Dragon, who had grasped a Domain, could not always fend off Shadowtooth’s ambushes.

Nine Dragons Emperor wouldn’t have been terribly surprised to see a melee player with fast reactions fend off Shadowtooth’s strike, but it had been an Elementalists. It was unbelievable.

“Young lady, your reaction speed is quite impressive. But all you’ve done is called death upon yourself!” Shadowtooth said in a chilling tone, narrowing his eyes at Alluring Summer. He then transformed into a shadow, dashing towards the Elementalist as he ignored Cola.

Once an Assassin failed an ambush, they’d have a very difficult time killing an MT of the same level. On the other hand, killing a cloth-armor class was easy. This was especially true for Shadowtooth, who had recently obtained the Epic ranked Shadow Boots. These Epic boots increased his initial acceleration to 20% of his maximum Movement Speed, boosting his dexterity to a whole new level.

The greatest difference between expert and ordinary players was typically their dexterity.

Even with the same Attributes, experts seemed faster when they moved. In contrast, ordinary players typically looked like robots, their actions dull and predictable. This was due to a lack of dexterity.

Player’s dexterity mainly manifested in their acceleration, how quickly one could go from 0% of their maximum speed to 100% and vice versa, not one’s maximum speed. The more dexterous one was, the shorter the interval. Players would then be capable of accomplishing feats that were normally impossible.

If a player could begin accelerating at 20% of their maximum Movement Speed, the change would undoubtedly increase their dexterity by a large margin.

Shadowtooth dodged one Spell after another. Even when numerous melee experts blocked his path, he easily maneuvered his way through the gaps without getting caught.

Lifeless Thorn even executed a perfect Split Spear, but the combat technique was utterly useless against the Assassin. Not only had Lifeless Thorn failed to hit Shadowtooth, but he had even been struck by the man’s counterattack.

Despite Shadowtooth countering with an ordinary attack, the impact threw Lifeless Thorn over a dozen yards away, his HP instantly falling by one-sixth of its maximum.

“How is that guy so fast?!”

The outcome stunned Cleansing Whistle and the other Asura members. They never thought that Lifeless Thorn could be repelled so easily. Fortunately, all of the players on Thunder Island were prohibited from using Berserk Skills. The consequences would’ve been unimaginable if Lifeless Thorn had been struck by an empowered Shadowtooth.

After removing the Berserker from his path, Shadowtooth quickly reached Alluring Summer, slashing Magic Breaker at the Elementalist’s throat.

“Die!”

Shadowtooth activated the Tier 1 Skill, Dark Blade without hesitation. Not only was this Skill impossible to block, but it also ignored the target’s Defense. Most importantly, the Skill would Silence the target for five seconds when struck. Even an ordinary expert could easily defeat a magical class player who couldn’t cast Spells for five seconds.

However, just before the Assassin’s blade bit into Alluring Summer, several arcs of golden electricity wrapped around him and sealed his movements.

What accurate judgment!

Shadowtooth was slightly surprised to see the arcs binding him.

Restriction-type Control Skills and Spells weren’t usually instantaneous. As a result, players had to predict a moving target’s progress and react accordingly. Although Shadowtooth had expected Alluring Summer to attempt to stop him with a Control Skill as he approached, he had not expected the woman to use herself as bait, taking advantage of the instant he paused to attack.

However, Shadowtooth had reacted quickly as well. When he realized that he couldn’t move, he used a Control Removal Skill to break free. He then swung Magic Breaker at the Elementalist once more.

However, Alluring Summer had prepared for this, taking half a step back. Since she had stopped Shadowtooth a second beforehand, he had lost his momentum. As a result, Magic Breaker’s speed had decreased significantly, giving Alluring Summer enough time to retreat and barely avoid the short sword.

“Amazing!”

When Lifeless Thorn, who stood in the distance, saw this, he was astounded by Alluring Summer’s control over the battlefield.

Alluring Summer waved her staff after dodging Shadowtooth’s attack. Suddenly, numerous blue, basketball-sized Lightning Balls appeared around the Elementalist. A moment later, all 30-plus Lightning Balls bombarded Shadowtooth from multiple different directions.

The Assassin had no choice but to retreat temporarily.

But as if the Lightning balls had locked on to him, they moved towards his blind spots. In the end, even a Domain Realm expert like Shadowtooth was forced to activate Wind Steps, utilizing the moment of invulnerability to retreat.

Why does Zero Wing have so many experts?

Nine Dragons Emperor was stunned. He had never expected Zero Wing to have more people capable of forcing Shadowtooth back.

Elsewhere, Cola arrived to help Phoenix Rain, charging at the approaching Bloodhand Yama. Despite this, the man showed no signs of avoiding the Guardian Knight. Instead, he raised his shield and increased his speed.

One was a Shield Warrior, while the other was a Guardian Knight. Both players had high HP and Defense. Neither of them was afraid of a head-on collision.

Boom!

When the two shields collided, a powerful shockwave shook their surroundings, causing nearby players to shudder involuntarily.

Bloodhand Yama, who had been unstoppable thus far, had taken a step back. In contrast, Cola actually remained steady. The difference between their Strengths was obvious at a glance.

“Is this for real?! Someone actually stopped Bloodhand Yama?!”

The various superpowers watching the fight with their Magic Mirrors were shocked by Cola’s Strength. None could believe that someone had stopped the famous Bloodhand Yama.

Bloodhand Yama was famous for his violence in the virtual gaming world. He had always been a Shield Warrior and pursued brute strength. Unlike ordinary MTs, Bloodhand Yama focused on Strength when allocating his Free Attribute Points and selecting weapons and equipment. Moreover, in addition to his shield and double-headed axe, his chest piece, helmet, and gloves were Epic rank.

The man didn’t bother to hide his gear’s glow effects.

Yet, despite such excellent gear, he had lost a battle of Strength. It was simply inconceivable!