Chapter 1494 - One-Hit Kill

Chapter 1494 – One-hit Kill

The instant Shi Feng activated his Skills, the doppelganger created from Phantom Kill immediately activated Wind Blade and made its way towards Undead, while the sixteen Abyssal Blade phantoms summoned by Nine Dragons Slash shot towards Martial Dragon, giving the two no opportunities to react at all.

Domain Realm experts were already difficult opponents to deal with, in the first place.

With Martial Dragon and Undead now working together, dodging their combination attacks was simply impossible. Undead’s Spells, in particular, accurately targeted the weaknesses in Shi Feng’s defenses. After including Martial Dragon’s assistance, the combined assault had already exceeded Sword’s Orbit’s defensive capabilities.

Hence, the only thing Shi Feng could do now was have his doppelganger distract Undead while using ranged attacks to deal with Martial Dragon, who was fond of melee combat.

“A doppelganger?”

Undead simply smiled when he saw Shi Feng’s doppelganger moving towards him. Immediately, he started triple-casting again.

Earthen Spear!

Ice Blast!

Flame Imprint!

All three Spells were Tier 1 Spells. Earthen Spear was meant to limit the target’s movements, Ice Blast served as a frontal attack and inflicted a Movement Speed debuff, and Flame Imprint was an aerial attack aimed at the target’s defensive blind spot. Under Undead’s control, the combination of the three Spells became an ultimate move that would kill Undead’s target with almost absolute certainty.

Meanwhile, players usually needed to personally control their doppelgangers. If the player did not devote full concentration to controlling their doppelgangers, said doppelgangers would not exhibit their full potential. Moreover, doppelgangers normally had weaker Basic Attributes than the main body. Hence, in Undead’s opinion, it was simply a joke for Shi Feng to send his doppelganger at him.

Elsewhere, the sixteen Abyssal Blade phantoms were like nonexistent when going up against Martial Dragon. Despite Shi Feng executing Sword’s Orbit with the sword phantoms, Martial Dragon managed to evade the attacks sent at him while maintaining a fixed distance from Shi Feng, keeping Shi Feng within the attack range of his Silver Snow.

“Do you really think you can kill Undead with just a doppelganger? You’ll just get yourself killed even quicker by splitting your attention!”

Noticing Shi Feng’s attention wavering slightly, Martial Dragon took advantage of this opportunity to advance abruptly. Suddenly, Martial Dragon disappeared from where he stood, the ground that the Berserker had been standing on shattering from the thrust of his feet. In the next moment, twelve doppelgangers of Martial Dragon formed around Shi Feng, all twelve of them stabbing their greatswords at the surrounded Swordsman.

Tier 1 Taboo Skill, Dragontooth!

If Shi Feng were currently going up against an ordinary expert, even if he split his attention between himself and his doppelganger, he would not have any problems dealing with the said expert. However, his opponent right now was Martial Dragon. Splitting his attention right now resulted in him exposing even more weak points.

Dragontooth?!

Shi Feng was surprised. He never thought that Martial Dragon had actually learned the Berserker class’s Dragontooth Skill.

Dragontooth was the fastest Tier 1 Skill for Berserkers. Moreover, every attack dealt by the Skill carried double the Strength of the user. If this Skill struck Shi Feng, the consequences would be unimaginable.

“Die!” Martial Dragon shouted.

If Shi Feng had been going all-out, with his superior Attributes, he could easily dodge the majority of Martial Dragon’s attacks. However, doing so was much more difficult now that he was splitting his attention between himself and his doppelganger.

Just when the twelve attacks were about to land on him, Shi Feng instinctively activated Defensive Blade.

In the next moment, the twelve streaks of silver light rapidly approaching Shi Feng stopped abruptly an inch away from his body.

However, Martial Dragon had long since anticipated this move. He promptly leaped high up into the air before slamming his greatsword downwards, his entire person seemingly having transformed into a meteor as he plunged towards Shi Feng.

Tier 1 Taboo Skill, Falling Star!

This move was the sole Tier 1 AOE Skill available to Berserkers. Although the Skill had a modest radius of only 10 yards, any enemy within that 10-yard radius would be dealt a devastating blow. Moreover, all players struck would have their Movement Speed reduced by 80% and reaction speed, by 50%.

After Falling Star descended, the ground Shi Feng stood on immediately cratered. The surrounding players shuddered involuntarily as they looked at the fiery and smoky pit.

“So strong!” Lifeless Thorn, who was fighting a short distance away, was indescribably shocked when he saw this scene.

Martial Dragon had completed his two-pronged attack so quickly and smoothly that it looked as if it was just one, big attack to Lifeless Thorn. There was no lag in between the two attacks whatsoever.

“Rain, now that Zero Wing’s Ye Feng has been killed, I want to see just how long you will continue struggling!” Nine Dragons Emperor sneered when he saw Shi Feng disappearing completely.

In Phoenix Rain’s team, Ye Feng was undoubtedly the strongest player. He was also one of the few players capable of going up against Martial Dragon. Now that Ye Feng had already been killed, Phoenix Rain’s team would have a hard time stopping Martial Dragon.

However, as soon as Nine Dragons Emperor was done speaking, Shi Feng’s doppelganger, whose HP had previously fallen to a critical level from Undead’s relentless attacks, suddenly recovered back to full HP.

How is this possible? Did he switch places with his doppelganger?

Undead was slightly confused when he saw Shi Feng’s doppelganger recovering back to full HP. However, he very quickly realized what had happened. He immediately swung his staff and summoned an Ice Wall to block Shi Feng, then smiled and said, “Although you managed to find your way over, you are simply throwing your life away. Without your Lifesaving Skill, how are you going to block this move of mine?”

As Undead said so, a pitch-black magic array formed beneath Shi Feng’s feet. Pitch-black barriers then emerged from it. In the next moment, these barriers began twisting and constricting the space Shi Feng was in.

This move was not a Spell Undead had learned. Rather, it was an Additional Skill, Dark Illumination, of Hell King’s Eye, the staff he wielded.

When activated, the Skill would freeze the space around the targeted area, preventing players caught within its range from moving. Afterwards, the frozen space would be obliterated. Although the Skill’s AOE was not particularly large, it was much stronger than ordinary large-scale destruction Spells.

“Turn to dust!” Undead tapped the butt of his staff on the ground.

Boom!

Suddenly, the space Shi Feng was in shattered like a mirror.

“Why bother?” Martial Dragon sighed when he looked at the shattered space.

Although he had not sensed Shi Feng switching positions with his doppelganger, a frontal confrontation with an Elementalist like Undead was pure suicide. Even Martial Dragon himself did not dare to approach Undead in a fight.

The reason for this was because the closer the range, the shorter the distance Undead’s Spells needed to travel. With Undead’s perfect control over his Spells, even Martial Dragon would find himself overwhelmed if he stood within 10 yards of the Elementalist.

After the space around Shi Feng was utterly obliterated, just as Undead turned his focus towards Aqua Rose and Alluring Summer, a playful voice suddenly entered his ears.

“That’s it?”

Undead whirled back to look at Shi Feng’s original location, a grim expression suddenly appearing on his face.

At this moment, Shi Feng could still be seen actually standing in the shattered space. Moreover, he was entirely unscathed. Even his HP remained at 100%.

“How is this possible? Is it invulnerability?” Undead’s gaze turned serious as he studied the faint, golden barrier enveloping Shi Feng’s body.

Invulnerability Skills with long durations were exceedingly rare in God’s Domain. Even the various Super Guilds had only a few people with such Skills. He had never thought that Shi Feng would actually have one.

“That’s right,” Shi Feng said, laughing. He then moved straight towards Undead.

Although Undead tried to cast a Spell to stop Shi Feng, the latter had already disappeared from where he stood. Then, Shi Feng popped up right in front of Undead.

Tier 2 Taboo Skill, Instant Strike!

Although Undead reacted rapidly and had immediately used Blink to distance himself from Shi Feng, the moment before he disappeared, a blue flash cut across his body.

In the next moment, Undead’s body appeared at a location 15 yards away. At this time, however, a flower of blood had already bloomed on Undead’s chest. As for Undead himself, he was like a puppet that had its strings cut, his body collapsing powerlessly to the ground.

“So fast!”

“Commander?!”

“How is this possible?!”

The members of Bloody Paradise were stupefied when they saw Undead’s HP bottoming out.