Chapter 1499 - Siege Tactic

Chapter 1499 – Siege Tactic

After listening to Shi Feng’s proposal, Phoenix Rain fell silent for some time.

Trying to capture two ancient towers simultaneously was pushing the envelope with their current team. If they failed, their team’s overall combat power would decrease once again, and capturing a tower later would become even more difficult. However, without three ancient towers, they had no guarantee of capturing a monster encampment.

For a moment, Phoenix Rain was wrought with indecision.

“If we don’t make a move soon, it’ll be even more difficult to capture an encampment,” Shi Feng reminded her when he saw the hesitation in Phoenix Rain’s eyes.

Like the ancient towers, there were a limited number of monster encampments on Thunder Island. There were only 17 encampments in this contest.

Now that the various superpowers had occupied the ancient towers, the encampments would be their next target. If they remained idle, doing nothing and allowing the other superpowers to capture and occupy the encampments, they’d lose any chance they currently had.

Once a team captured a monster encampment, NPCs would manifest to help the players defend it, making it many times more difficult to raid than an ancient tower.

“Alright. I’ll pass you the team’s leadership. I’ll do everything I can to assist you,” Phoenix Rain said, gritting her teeth. In the end, she decided to gamble on her fate. Moreover, she was curious about how Shi Feng planned to wrestle control of two ancient towers from Nine Dragons Emperor.

When Phoenix Rain agreed, Shi Feng began to prepare.

Any team that secured an ancient tower on Thunder Island would receive a stackable buff that decreased monsters’ Defense and Magic Resistance in the encampments when attacked. At the same time, allies within 100 yards of the captured tower would receive an extra buff that increased their Basic Attributes and reduced incoming damage by 30%. Hence, defending players were very difficult to deal with.

In addition, every team in the contest had allies outside the island to help them keep track of enemies’ movements. If an enemy team showed any intention of attacking a particular tower, the team would bolster its defense and dispatch reinforcements. This made it even more difficult to steal an occupied ancient tower.

Fortunately, these hurdles were nothing to Shi Feng.

“Phoenix Pavilion Master, you’ll lead 80 players to assault Nine Dragon Emperor’s nearest ancient tower. Try to avoid fighting within 100 yards of the tower. You just need to keep the defenders busy. I’ll lead a team of 100 to circle the tower and ambush the tower in the forest. The remaining 40 players will stay here and defend this area. If you’re alright with this plan, we’ll move out right away,” Shi Feng said.

His teammates were speechless when they heard Shi Feng’s plan.

They had assumed that he’d reveal some heaven-defying idea that would allow them to capture both towers at once.

But his plan seemed overly simple.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, I’m afraid that Nine Dragons Emperor will discover our members too quickly. He’ll almost certainly dispatch reinforcements to the forest tower. Capturing the tower will likely…” Blue Phoenix said worriedly.

“Relax. Since Nine Dragons Emperor is busy capturing an encampment, he won’t have many players to send if he sends any at all. Stealing the towers won’t be an issue,” Shi Feng said.

“But…” Everyone fell silent. The towers’ terrain advantage was no laughing matter. They couldn’t overcome the hurdle with a small numerical advantage.

“Alright, since no one else has any arguments, let’s move out. Time waits for no man.” Shi Feng then formed a 100-man team and made his way towards his target.

“Big Sis Rain, if we go along with this plan, I’m afraid that…” Blue Phoenix said anxiously as she watched Shi Feng depart.

“Let’s see what he has in mind for now. If it isn’t possible, we can always join up with his team and concentrate on a single location,” Phoenix Rain said, sighing. She had handed Shi Feng authority over the team. She couldn’t reject his plan without trying it.

“I understand,” Blue Phoenix said after giving the matter some more thought. At this point, they had no choice.

Following which, Phoenix Rain led a team of 80 players towards the nearest ancient tower under Nine Dragons Emperor’s control, hoping that her team could cause enough commotion to distract the man and luring as many players as possible. This way, Shi Feng’s side would have a greater chance of succeeding.

…

After Phoenix Rain and Shi Feng’s teams moved out, Nine Dragons Emperor, who was busy raiding a monster encampment, received news of their movements from his scouts outside of Thunder Island.

“Phoenix Rain is finally making a move?” Nine Dragons Emperor muttered when he received the report. After reading it, however, he was confused. “What is she trying to do? She dares to split her forces? Does she really think that I won’t notice?”

Nine Dragons Emperor wasn’t surprised in the least to learn that Phoenix Rain aimed to capture the ancient towers under his control. After all, among the nearby towers, his were the least fortified. He had done that on purpose.

He had 350 players on his team. With the buffs from the three ancient towers, he only needed 100 players to capture a monster encampment, leaving the remaining 250 to defend the towers. He had only left 102 players to defend them to give Phoenix Rain the illusion of hope. Once she took his bait, he’d send the remaining 148 players to form a pincer attack, eliminating Phoenix Rain from the contest.

However, he had never imagined that she’d split her forces, thinning her already low combat power.

“Pavilion Master, shall I lead a team to the towers?” Martial Dragon suggested.

“No. Let’s wait for now. Contact Miracle and tell them to get ready. Once Ye Feng’s team reached the other tower, you’ll meet up with Miracle’s forces to surround them. I refuse to believe they can get away this time!” Nine Dragons Emperor growled, sneering.

“Understood.” Martial Dragon nodded. He then contacted Miracle’s upper echelons.

…

Time passed quickly. While Phoenix Rain’s team tried to attract Nine Dragons Emperor’s forces to the first tower, Shi Feng’s team inched closer to the tower hidden in the forest.

“Ye Feng, Nine Dragons Emperor has dispatched a force to your tower! Some of Miracle’s members are heading your way as well! Overall, 300 players are marching towards the forest tower! They should reach the tower in roughly five minutes! You need to get out of there!” Phoenix Rain warned the Swordsman, her anxiety written all over her face.

Even if they fought in the forest, Nine Dragons Emperor and Miracle’s over 300p players could easily annihilate Shi Feng’s 100-man team.

“Nine Dragons Emperor’s done sitting still, huh?” Shi Feng responded, revealing a calm smile.

“Guild Leader, you’re still in the mood to smile? We’re talking about 300-plus experts. If it comes down to a fight, we’ll suffer heavy losses even with a few Tier 2 players,” Aqua Rose said, flabbergasted when she saw Shi Feng’s calm.

“Since Nine Dragons Emperor is finally taking us seriously, we should do the same,” Shi Feng said, chuckling. He then activated the Aura of Space’s second Activatable Skill, Spatial Gate. His destination was none other than the farthest ancient tower under Nine Dragons Emperor’s control. It was also the tower with only 25 players defending it. “Everyone, get in the gate. It’s time we teach Nine Dragons Emperor the price of targeting us.”

While tools were prohibited during the contest, weapons and equipment’s Teleportation Skills were not. Hence, he could freely teleport around Thunder Island. In fact, he could even teleport off of the island. Unfortunately, he’d need a new Thunder Pass to reenter if he did so.

Seeing the Spatial Gate, realization struck Aqua Rose and the others.

Since tools were prohibited, players had to rely on their own capabilities to travel around Thunder Island. A Skill like Teleportation Gate was godly in this contest.

Upon Shi Feng’s command, the 100-man team entered the Teleportation Gate. In the next moment, they appeared before an ancient tower on the edge of a cliff.

When the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion members defending the tower saw Shi Feng’s team, they were stupefied.

“Crap! We’re being ambushed! Quickly notify the Pavilion Master!” a Level 47 Ranger, who reacted very quickly, shouted.

However, as the Ranger finished speaking, towering pillars of fire rose up from the ground, enveloping a large fraction of the defending players. The instant the flames touched the players, their bodies fell to ash.

This move was none other than Shi Feng’s Flame Domain.

When the Flame Domain dissipated, less than 10 of the 25 players remained standing…