Chapter 1496 - One Move, One Kill

Chapter 1496 – One Move, One Kill

As Abyssal Curse activated, a large, pitch-black magic array appeared beneath the Flower of Seven Sins’ members. Black fog rose from the array, tangling around the expert players and restricting their movements. Moreover, they received a debuff that reduced their Basic Attributes by 20% for 10 minutes.

Although the Flower of Seven Sins members had reacted very quickly and immediately activated their Control Removal Skills, breaking free of the fog, the 20% reduction to their Basic Attributes decreased their combat power significantly.

The Flower of Seven Sins’ MTs, in particular, watched their HPs drain as they tried to protect their DPS experts. Even with the support of numerous healers, their HP bars steadily fell.

Even Bloodhand Yama, who had been overwhelming Cola, found himself on the defensive.

What a powerful Control Skill!

Phoenix Rain shot Shi Feng a glance after seeing the assassin group’s combat power decrease drastically. She had never thought that Shi Feng still had such a trump card.

In one move, Shi Feng had turned the tide of battle.

In reality, he hadn’t wanted to reveal this move.

Abyssal Curse would work wonders in a large battle where players couldn’t use tools, Berserker Skills, or Silencing Skills, but there were many superpowers fighting for control of Thunder Island. The designated contest area wasn’t particularly large, so it was easy for the different powers to encounter each other. Meanwhile, Abyssal Curse had a 20-minute Cooldown. If his team met another superpower during the Cooldown, he’d have one less trump card.

When Nine Dragons Emperor saw the results of Shi Feng’s attack, his expression darkened.

The Flower of Seven Sins members already had a numerical disadvantage against the Phoenix Pavilion’s team. They had to rely on their MTs and healers to hold on. Now that their Basic Attributes had decreased, they would have a much harder time holding back Phoenix Rain and her people.

“Martial, take some men to help Bloodhand! Do not let Phoenix Rain’s group break free of the encirclement!” Nine Dragons Emperor commanded.

Thanks to Shi Feng’s move, the Flower of Seven Sins suffered one casualty after another. At this rate, Phoenix Rain’s team would escape in less than a minute. If that happened, it’d become much harder to take her team down.

“Understood!”

Upon receiving his orders, Martial Dragon led 30-plus melee players, who still had a fair amount of their HP, to the Flower of Seven Sins’ corner of the battlefield.

Although Gentle Snow and Zhao Yueru tried their best to stop Martial Dragon when they tried to move across the field, Martial Dragon easily evaded the Skills and Spells sent his way. When he couldn’t dodge an attack, he blocked it with a casual swing of his greatsword. The healers in the rear quickly replenished any HP he lost.

Meanwhile, Phoenix Rain’s team put everything they had into assaulting the Flower of Seven Sins’ members, who were on the defense, hoping to break free of the battlefield as quickly as possible.

“Don’t even dream of getting past us!” When Bloodhand Yama saw that less than 30 players remained on his team, he gritted his teeth and activated the Tier 1 Taboo Skill for Shield Warriors, Iron Fortress.

Suddenly, with Bloodhand Yama in the center, a silver glow enveloped all of his teammates within a 30-yard radius. The affected players instantly received a buff that decreased incoming damage by 30% and increased their maximum HP by 15%. As for Bloodhand Yama, he received a buff that decreased incoming damage by 40% while increasing his maximum HP by 20%. Both buffs had a 12-minute duration.

Not only did Iron Fortress alleviate some of the pressure on the healers, but the affected players’ HPs also began to increase despite the bombardment they received.

“Good! As expected of Bloodhand Yama!” Nine Dragons Emperor, who helped Martial Dragon open a path, rejoiced when he saw the Flower of Seven Sins’ members recover.

Suddenly, a shadow appeared before Bloodhand Yama’s teammates. A scorching streak of light then sliced through the flank of a Level 47 Guardian Knight. Although the Guardian Knight had sensed the incoming attack, he hadn’t been able to respond quickly enough.

Peng!

The Level 47 Guardian Knight, who had more than half of his HP remaining, lost every point instantly, shock coloring his features as he stared at the figure before him.

The figure was none other than Shi Feng.

After a few seconds of rest, his hands had recovered, and the allied healers had restored his HP.

Before the Guardian Knight had hit the ground, Shi Feng appeared before a Level 48 Berserker. Although the Berserker tried to hack at the Swordsman with his battle axe, Shi Feng easily blocked the weapon with the Abyssal Blade. Killing Ray, which radiated a scorching heat, mercilessly pierced the Berserker’s heart, Flame Burst’s power turning the player into a pile of smoldering ash instantly.

Shi Feng then attacked a nearby Shield Warrior.

By the time Shi Feng used all 15 attack counts, he had killed eight Flower of Seven Sins members, instantly reducing the organization’s survivors to 19…

The players nearby gasped at the scene.

Even the weakest Flower of Seven Sins member present was a Refinement Realm expert. In a first-rate Guild, these experts would easily rank among the best, yet before Shi Feng, they seemed as if they were made of paper.

“Ye Feng!” Bloodhand Yama glared at Shi Feng with bloodshot eyes as he watched the man tear through his teammates. Immediately, he shook off Cola and charged at Shi Feng. Before he reached the Swordsman, he leaped into the air and swung his double-headed axe down at Shi Feng’s head.

Tier 1 Taboo Skill, Lightning Blast!

In the next moment, a lightning bolt descended from the sky and struck Bloodhand Yama’s one-handed axe, enhancing its power and speed tremendously.

Despite that, Shi Feng casually swung Killing Ray to deflect the attack.

Tier 2 Skill, Shadow Blade!

Boom!

When Killing Ray clashed with the double-headed axe, brilliant sparks flew from the weapons. The ground beneath Shi Feng’s feet cracked and sunk, extending ten yards away from the Swordsman.

“He blocked it?!”

“Is he even human?! That’s the commander’s strongest move!”

The Flower of Seven Sins members were stupefied. Not only did Lightning Blast increase its user’s Strength by 330% and Attack Speed by 300% for one attack, but it also dealt additional lightning damage. Not even an expert of the same level could block the attack, not to mention dodge it.

Yet Shi Feng had blocked Bloodhand Yama’s Lightning Blast, and he had only lost around one-fifth of his HP in doing so…

How?!

Bloodhand Yama stared at Shi Feng with a dumbfounded look.

He had executed his attack with absolute perfection. Not even a Domain Realm expert should be able to block the attack in time, dying instantly, yet Shi Feng had kept up with his speed.

When Lightning Blast’s effects dissipated, something even more shocking happened.

Bloodhand Yama collapsed to the ground, his HP mysteriously decreasing at an astonishing rate…

What was happening?

Everyone was stupefied. Bloodhand Yama had attacked Shi Feng, but he had died instead of the Swordsman?

“What just happened?” The nearby crowd was confused.

“Big Sis Rain, did you see what Ye Feng did just now? Why did Bloodhand Yama die instead of him?” Blue Phoenix asked.

“Bloodhand Yama had focused on killing Ye Feng, but he failed to realize that Ye Feng aimed for his life as well. Although Ye Feng lost the exchange, Bloodhand Yama lost his life,” Phoenix Rain explained in a daze. Once she fully processed what had happened, she took a deep breath as she exclaimed, “He really is a madman!”

Phoenix Rain found it truly hard to imagine that, despite blocking a full-powered attack from an expert like Bloodhand Yama, Shi Feng had the gall to launch a simultaneous attack at the Shield Warrior’s blind spot.

Had Shi Feng made the slightest miscalculation, he might have fallen alongside Bloodhand Yama.