Chapter 1492 - Dragon Slayer'S Power

Chapter 1492 – Dragon Slayer’s Power

After getting repulsed by Cola, Bloodhand Yama did not evince even the slightest bit of anger or frustration. On the contrary, he licked his lips and revealed an excited expression. Immediately after, he raised his shield and charged at Cola again.

This time, however, he did not go for a frontal assault.

Instead, just when Bloodhand Yama was about to clash with Cola, he suddenly changed his footwork, generating an afterimage in his original location as he circled around and avoided Cola’s charge, leaving the Guardian Knight to hit only air. Immediate after, Bloodhand Yama appeared on Cola’s right, the double-headed axe in his hand striking down at Cola’s side-abdomen, which was not protected by the Guardian Knight’s shield, with lightning speed.

Dang!

Following which, a crisp clang resounded in the surroundings. Dazzling sparks flew as well.

At the critical moment, Cola had managed to shift his body sufficiently to allow his one-handed sword to block Bloodhand Yama’s attack. Meanwhile, as a result of this clash, Bloodhand Yama staggered back a step.

Bloodhand Yama’s Doppelganger Slash actually got blocked?

Phoenix Rain, who had initially been preparing to help Cola, could not help but be surprised by this scene.

Just how much strength is Zero Wing hiding?

She originally thought she had a very clear understanding of Cola’s strength. Meanwhile, as far as she knew, Cola was definitely not strong enough to go up against Bloodhand Yama, even though he was the lead MT of Zero Wing’s main force and possessed quite respectable Basic Attributes.

However, with the facts placed before her, she had no choice but to admit that her understanding was inadequate.

In reality, Phoenix Rain wasn’t the only person surprised by this outcome; the Flower of Seven Sins members and Nine Dragons Emperor were similarly shocked. Right now, two of their most powerful members were actually stopped. Moreover, Bloodhand Yama’s distraction gave Phoenix Rain and the others an opportunity to focus on dealing with the other members of the Flower of Seven Sins.

Only Shi Feng found this outcome to be natural.

After all, Cola and Alluring Summer had both obtained the Dragon Slayer Legacy. The Dragon Slayer Legacy was a relatively special Legacy. Unlike other Legacies, it did not provide players with any elaborate Skills or Spells. However, it was a Legacy that was upgradable. If the Legacy were fully upgraded, it would not be the slightest bit inferior to a Peak Legacy.

The reason for this was the Dragon Power players received when obtaining the Dragon Slayer Legacy. The denser the Dragon Power inside a player’s body was, the greater the power they would be able to exhibit. Legends had it that the power of the strongest Dragon Slayer in history surpassed even that of Dragons.

Now that Cola and Alluring Summer had become Dragon Slayers, their Life Ratings were superior to that of Tier 2 players. Hence, their Basic Attributes, physiques, and reaction speeds were not something players of the same level and tier could compare to. These Attributes would only become increasingly stronger as Cola and Alluring Summer obtained more Dragon Origin Crystals. At that time, their Life Ratings would be able to reach the same level as Dragons.

In God’s Domain, Dragons were the symbol of death and destruction. If players could achieve a Life Rating equal to Dragons, one could just imagine how strong they could become. They could easily overwhelm even players that had Demonized.

Meanwhile, on Thunder Island, which prevented players from using Berserk Skills, Cola’s and Alluring Summer’s Basic Attributes were most likely inferior to only Shi Feng’s own. As for their physiques, theirs were even slightly superior to his own. This was the reason Shi Feng had tasked the two of them with opening up a path for the team.

In terms of techniques, Bloodhand Yama and Shadowtooth indeed possessed an overwhelming advantage over Cola and Alluring Summer. However, the difference in tiers and the power of the Dragon Slayer class were more than enough to offset the difference in techniques and allow Cola and Alluring Summer to just barely surpass the two Domain Realm experts.

With Bloodhand Yama tied down, Phoenix Rain and Blue Phoenix were able to coordinate their attacks with each other and relentlessly reduce the member count of the Flower of Seven Sins. At this rate, it was only a matter of time before Phoenix Rain’s team broke out of the encirclement.

“Dragon Pavilion Master, Zero Wing has really hidden a lot of its power. With Phoenix Rain’s capabilities, I’m afraid it’ll take only another minute or two for her team to escape the encirclement,” Undead said, chuckling as he looked at the distant Flower of Seven Sins members fighting. “Are you really sure you don’t need my help?”

Hearing Undead’s words, Nine Dragons Emperor gritted his teeth and said, “Fine! As long as you can pin down Phoenix Rain’s team here, I’ll give that item to you!”

Although he had managed to invite Bloody Paradise to aid him, getting Undead to personally take action was a whole other story.

However, with the situation having reached this point, he couldn’t care less about paying the additional cost right now.

If he failed to get rid of Phoenix Rain in this favorable terrain, doing so would become much more difficult afterwards.

“Thanks a lot,” Undead said, smiling faintly. He then started pacing slowly towards the battlefield.

Upon Undead’s entry into the battlefield, the Bloody Paradise members suddenly underwent a change. As if they had entered into a frenzy, they disregarded all costs to open up a path for Undead.

As for Undead himself, he chanted an incantation as he walked forward. Suddenly, a pitch-black magic array appeared in the sky, enveloping half of the battlefield. The ambient Mana then began surging towards the magic array, forming numerous pitch-black spears.

Tier 1 Curse, Dark Feathers!

“Disappear!” Undead swung down his staff.

Suddenly, several hundred pitch-black spears descended from the skies. As if they possessed a life of their own, these pitch-black spears all struck at the defensive blind spots of the enemy players.

Each spear carried the power of a Tier 1 Peak attack. Even MTs with high Defense and Magic Resistance lost over 6,000 HP when struck. As for the other classes, they received over -10,000 damage from each spear.

In the blink of an eye, the pitch-black spears killed over a dozen players, who failed to defend themselves properly. Even Solitary Nine, who possessed the Titan Guard, could not repulse every spear sent at him and ended up getting struck eight times. If not for him activating Titan’s Heart, his HP would’ve long since ended up at a critical level.

“Who is that man?” Cleansing Whistle’s expression darkened considerably when she stared at Undead.

She felt that Undead was simply too terrifying. After all, the man had actually managed to control hundreds of pitch-black spears simultaneously, making the spears move as if they were alive.

Fortunately, she stood quite a distance from Undead and got struck by only three spears. Had she been any closer to the Elementalist, she might’ve lost her life already.

So this is the 11th ranking expert on the God’s Domain Experts List?

Gentle Snow’s expression turned grim as she looked at Undead moving slowly in her direction.

With her Basic Attributes and combat standards, she would be able to handle a dozen or so of those pitch-black spears simultaneously at most. If she had to go up against more than a hundred of those spears, however, she would most likely have to activate the Seven Luminaries Battle Armor’s Active Skill, Sky God’s Glory, in order to survive.

Not to mention, Undead had only used one Spell thus far, yet he had already wreaked so much devastation. If they allowed the Elementalist to continue casting Spells freely, the consequences would definitely be unimaginable.

Phoenix Rain, who was currently fending off the Flower of Seven Sins members, also wore a grim expression when she saw Undead entering the battlefield.

Undead was nicknamed the Devil’s Hand. The man was capable of exhibiting any Spell or Skill to its fullest potential. Moreover, his ability to control the situation of a battlefield was peerless. He was most suited to group battles. Individually, he was also much stronger than old monsters like Bloodhand Yama and Shadowtooth. It was precisely because of Undead that even Ku Rong, the Great Pavilion Master of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion, feared Bloody Paradise greatly.

“Rain, stop your futile resistance and just obediently accept your fate!” Nine Dragons Emperor said mockingly when he saw the tides of the battle turning in his favor.

He was fully aware of just how powerful Undead was. Even Martial Dragon, who had grasped a Domain, could survive against Undead for only a short time.

Moreover, both sides were currently intermingled, making it impossible for anyone to use large-scale destruction Spells without resulting in friendly fire. In such a situation, Undead, an Elementalist capable of freely controlling his Spells, was practically a godlike existence.

“Guild Leader, should I head over there?” Aqua Rose suggested. At the moment, she was going up against more than three Refinement Realm experts simultaneously. However, seeing Undead and Bloody Paradise’s members getting out of control, she decided it was more important to deal with them first.

“No need. Your Spells have too much AOE. They’re not suitable for this narrow and chaotic battlefield. I’ll deal with him,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head before dashing towards Undead.