Chapter 1497 - Heroic Stand

Chapter 1497 – Heroic Stand

When Bloodhand Yama had died, silence had blanketed the battlefield. The Flower of Seven Sins’ members had nothing but fear in their eyes as they looked at Shi Feng.

Suddenly, the Flower of Seven Sins members scattered, fleeing from Shi Feng in all directions as none of them dared to stand in the Swordsman’s way.

“What amazing reaction speed!”

“Bloodhand Yama died, just like that?”

“Just what did Ye Feng do?”

Meanwhile, the various spectating superpowers were stunned. Their peak experts, in particular, watched Shi Feng with grim expressions.

Bloodhand Yama had been incredibly fast, yet not only had Shi Feng kept up with the man despite swinging his blade a moment after Bloodhand Yama began his attack, but he had also had the attention to spare while defending himself to use Shadow Blades against the Shield Warrior, catching him off guard.

It would’ve been fine if the counterattack had simply caught Bloodhand Yama off guard.

What truly shocked the various peak experts was that Shi Feng had killed Bloodhand Yama instantly, despite the Shield Warrior having activated Iron Fortress and having two-thirds of his HP remaining.

Iron Fortress reduced the damage that Bloodhand Yama took by 40% and increased his maximum HP by 20%. In addition, the Shield Warrior class had other Passive Skills that reduced incoming damage by a large margin. With Bloodhand Yama’s remaining 30,000-plus HP, not even a Berserker of the same level should be able to kill him instantly, yet Shi Feng had done just that.

The watching experts wondered what would have happened if they had stood in Bloodhand Yama’s place. Would they be able to survive? Or Shi Feng’s blades claim their lives as well?

What everyone didn’t know was that, although the counterattack seemed reckless, Shi Feng had calculated the whole encounter.

Tier 2 players had a much stronger physique than Tier 1 players. Furthermore, Shi Feng had multiple Fragmented Legendary items. There was also the fact that he had reduced Bloodhand Yama’s Basic Attributes with Abyssal Curse. Moreover, Bloodhand Yama was a Strength-focused Shield Warrior. To Shi Feng, who had the Strength and speed of a Great Lord of the same level, defending against and killing Bloodhand Yama was no trouble.

Shi Feng didn’t bother to chase after the fleeing Flower of Seven Sins’ members. Instead, he picked up the plate-armor cuisses Bloodhand Yama had dropped. Although the cuisses weren’t Epic rank, they were Level 45 Dark-Gold Equipment. The piece could easily fetch a few hundred Gold on the market.

After collecting up his loot, Shi Feng turned and dashed towards Martial Dragon.

Although no one stood in their path of retreat now, they’d still sustain heavy casualties if they allowed Martial Dragon and his people to pursue and attack.

As the battle drug on, Phoenix Rain’s team had less than half of its original 200 or so members. In contrast, Nine Dragons Emperor’s team still had over 200 players. The gap in both side’s strength continued to grow. If they did not stop Martial Dragon, he’d cripple their team, even if they escaped in the end.

“Don’t even think of getting away so easily!” At this point, Nine Dragons Emperor knew that he couldn’t stop Phoenix Rain’s team from retreating. Immediately, he moved to work alongside Martial Dragon, slaughtering the fleeing players.

However, rather than dealing with the moderately skilled players, Martial Dragon and Nine Dragons Emperor targeted Gentle Snow and Zhao Yueru.

Suddenly, numerous arrows rained down on Gentle Snow, cutting off her path of retreat. At the same time, Martial Dragon leaped into the air, arriving beside the female Berserker. He then ruthlessly brandished his greatsword at the Snow Goddess.

Tier 1 Skill, Flaming Cross Slash!

As the raging flames approached Gentle Snow, several blue lightning bolts surged towards her from a short distance away, striking down Martial Dragon’s Flaming Cross Slash.

“Ye Feng?!” As his attack was nullified, Martial Dragon turned towards the lightning’s origin.

He had previously thought that he could easily take on Shi Feng, but he had learned that he’d have to keep his guard up against the Swordsman.

The man had already proven his strength when he had killed Undead and Bloodhand Yama. If he wasn’t careful, the Swordsman might take his life as well.

When Gentle Snow noticed that Martial Dragon had been distracted, she breathed a sigh of relief and promptly retreated.

“Everyone, stop fighting and flee!” Shi Feng shouted when he saw his allies fighting desperately. “I’ll bring up the rear!”

“How bold! Do you really think you can stop us all by yourself?!” A cold gleam flashed in Nine Dragons Emperor’s eyes as he glared at Shi Feng.

Although he acknowledged that Shi Feng was quite powerful, the man would be fooling himself if he thought he could stop more than 200 experts by himself.

Nine Dragons Emperor and his teammates stopped holding back as they bombarded Phoenix Rain’s team with their strongest attacks.

However, when the Spells and Skills were midway through their course, a powerful ripple radiated from the center of the battlefield.

Chilling Field!

When the ripple collided with the enemies’ Spells and Skills, they shattered instantly. In addition, Nine Dragons Emperor and his people, who stood within Chilling Field’s range, grew cold as their Attributes and Movement Speeds swiftly decreased.

Suddenly, icicles bombarded the melee players chasing after Phoenix Rain’s team.

Although these melee players tried to defend themselves, the icicles were far more powerful than they had imagined. Each icicle carried as much Strength as a Great Lord. Tier 1 players had no way of blocking the attacks.

Nine Dragons Emperor’s people were forced out of Chilling Field’s effective area.

Suddenly, Phoenix Rain’s team stood on one side of a massive divide, while Nine Dragons Emperor’s people stood on the other. Even an expert like Martial Dragon could only stand within Chilling Field’s range for a short moment before he, too, was forced out.

This is…a Domain Skill? How does he have one?

Nine Dragons Emperor’s watched the frost-covered battlefield with a dark expression.

In God’s Domain, large-scale destruction Spells were undoubtedly the strongest in pure power, but these Spells didn’t differentiate between friend and foe. Normally, they were only effective in battles that consisted of tens of thousands of players.

Domain Skills followed closely behind large-scale destruction Spells. Domain Skills combined both offense and defense. Not only could they suppress one’s enemies, but they were also effective against specific targets. However, players normally had to reach Tier 3 before they would find Domain Skills.

The watching players outside of Thunder Island were stupefied.

“Is this a joke?! He actually stopped Nine Dragons Emperor’s team by himself!”

“Just who is this Ye Feng?”

…

For a time, everyone talked about Shi Feng.

First, he had killed Undead, who had the nickname the ‘Devil’s Hand.’ Then he had killed Bloodhand Yama, one of the Flower of Seven Sins’ representative experts. Now, he stopped 200-plus experts by himself. This was simply inconceivable.

None of the 200-plus players fighting for Nine Dragons Emperor were ordinary experts. This small force was more than capable of annihilating an army of several thousand elite players, yet they were helpless against Shi Feng. All they could do was watch as Phoenix Rain’s team moved farther and farther out of their grasp.