Chapter 1501 - Reversal

Chapter 1501 – Reversal

Nine Dragons Emperor’s expression darkened when he heard the scout’s report.

He had wanted to deal a devastating blow to Phoenix Rain and eliminate her from the contest, yet not only had he lost two of his three ancient towers, but his team had also suffered over 60 casualties. If the other superpowers knew this, he’d become a laughingstock.

Good! Very good!

Killing intent flashed in Nine Dragons Emperor’s eyes as he watched a battle video his scout had recorded.

Since you want to play, let’s play! I’ll teach you the meaning of digging your own grave!

“Pavilion Master, should we send a team to recapture Blood Dragon’s tower?” Martial Dragon asked when he saw the fury on Nine Dragons Emperor’s face.

“No! We’ll head to the cliff tower! We’ll reclaim that tower first; then we’ll take care of Phoenix Rain’s team. Tell our resurrected members to gather at the forest tower. I won’t let Ye Feng steal another!” Nine Dragons Emperor commanded.

He had to admit that Shi Feng’s Teleportation Skill was heaven-defying on Thunder Island, and the fact that he had a large-scale destruction Spell only complemented his ability to teleport.

At the end of the day, however, there was still a massive difference between their teams’ strength. As long as he approached the situation slowly and steadily, Shi Feng wouldn’t have an opportunity to steal another tower.

…

Meanwhile, the various superpowers on Thunder Island were shocked to hear that Nine Dragons Emperor had lost two ancient towers in a row.

“What? Nine Dragons Emperor actually lost two of his towers?”

“Could this be a ploy to lure Phoenix Rain into a trap?”

The contest for Thunder Island had many restrictions. There were also the tower buffs and the scouts outside of the island to consider. Stealing one occupied tower was incredibly difficult, yet Phoenix Rain’s team had stolen two of Nine Dragons Emperor’s towers in a row.

When the various superpowers received this news, they wondered about the information’s validity.

…

“Guild Leader, Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing have obtained three ancient towers. They should have no problems securing a monster encampment. Should we contact Phoenix Rain and reopen negotiations?” Quiet Melody suggested to Eternal Dead after receiving the shocking report.

“It seems that I’ve really have underestimated them. However, the battle has just begun. Nine Dragons Emperor is no easy opponent, and Miracle’s been poking its nose into the matter. They’ll only qualify to negotiate with us if they can hold a monster encampment until the contest ends,” Eternal Dead said, showing his lack of interest with a wave of his hand.

Phoenix Rain only controlled a portion of the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s combat power, and even the Guild’s combined strength was no match for the Sacred Temple.

There was no need to mention Zero Wing. It was merely a Guild that occupied a single kingdom. To the Sacred Temple, Zero Wing was no different than ordinary large Guilds.

“They still don’t qualify?” After giving the matter some thought, Quiet Melody agreed with Eternal Dead’s estimation.

Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing’s performance was indeed shocking.

But that performance only proved that they had potential. Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing had yet to display sufficient value. There was no way that the Sacred Temple and Battle Wolves would treat Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing like potential partners.

Only when Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing could survive on Thunder Island would they qualify to negotiate with the two Super Guilds.

…

As the various superpowers watched, Nine Dragons Emperor’s team finally reached the cliff tower, sealing off all paths leading to it.

Overall, 400 players surrounded the tower. Not only did the team include Nine Dragons Emperor’s experts, but Miracle’s experts had joined them as well. The leader of Miracle’s team was none other than the Sword Freak, Miracle Dragon. He had already reached Level 49 and wore the Hellfire Set, a six-piece, Level 50, Fine-Gold Set Equipment for Swordsmen. He was eye-catching among the crowd.

Level 50, Secret-Silver Set Equipment was incredibly rare in God’s Domain, not to mention Level 50, Fine-Gold Set Equipment.

Even Martial Dragon and Shadowtooth gazed at Miracle Dragon’s Hellfire Set in envy. The Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion had yet to secure a complete Level 50 Fine-Gold Set Equipment.

Miracle’s prowess was obvious.

Upon these players’ arrival, Gentle Snow and the other who had stayed behind to defend the cliff tower felt a significant pressure.

Although the tower increased their Basic Attributes and reduced incoming damage by 30%, they were at an overwhelming numerical disadvantage. They were about to face so many more enemies than they had in the previous ambush.

Suddenly, Shi Feng appeared in the top of the tower with Space Movement. As Spatial Gate was still on Cooldown, he couldn’t transport other players to or from the cliff tower.

Not only had his return calmed Zero Wing’s nervous members, but it had also caused a stir among Nine Dragons Emperor’s troops.

“Ye Feng! You dare to stand before me again?! You might have gotten away last time, but you won’t be so lucky again!” Nine Dragons Emperor bellowed when he saw Shi Feng in the top of the tower. He then commanded, “Everyone, attack!”

Hearing the order, all 400-plus team members charged for the ancient tower.

Occupying a tower was simple. As long as none of the original occupants were within 100 yards of the tower, control would fall to whichever team was in range.

Hence, Nine Dragons Emperor’s team didn’t need to break into the tower. They just needed to eliminate Shi Feng and the other players from Zero Wing.

In the seconds before both sides clashed, Shi Feng switched the Aura of Space to the Aura of Illusion. He also equipped the Thunder Emblem.

Suddenly, Nine Dragons Emperor and the others felt an indescribable pressure weigh down on them before their Basic Attributes began to decrease rapidly. Very quickly, their Attributes fell from 100 % to 85%. The abrupt change confused Nine Dragons Emperor and his people.

“Kill them! Annihilate them all!” Shi Feng commanded as the enemies’ Attributes fell.

As long as the Aura of Illusion was active, the ability would reduce all enemies’ Basic Attributes by 40% within a 200-yard radius. However, since players had some resistances to the effect, the decrease was limited. Fortunately, the Thunder Emblem also reduced nearby enemies’ Basic Attributes. Only after combining the abilities was he able to reduce his enemies Basic Attributes by 15%.

Normally, this 15% reduction might not offer much of an advantage, but his team also had the ancient towers’ buff. The new difference between the two sides’ Attributes was the equivalent of his players using Berserk Skills against players without.

“Damn it! Everyone, move back; get 100 yards away from the tower!” Nine Dragons Emperor urgently commanded through the team chat, his expression darkening when he realized the situation.

This had effectively created a 50% difference between his team members’ Attributes and Zero Wing’s. To make matters worse, his enemy already had a few players with monstrously high Basic Attributes.

However, Nine Dragons Emperor’s warning was too late as the two sides had already slammed into each other on the battlefield.

The difference between the two teams was immediately apparent. Aside from Martial Dragon, Shadowtooth, Undead, Bloodhand Yama, Nine Dragons Emperor, and Miracle Dragon, Zero Wing and Asura’s experts quickly suppressed the enemy players.

Even Cleansing Whistle, an expert who had yet to reach the Refinement Realm, could easily overwhelm a Refinement Realm expert of the same level. She could even hold her own against three Refinement Realm experts simultaneously. As for Refinement Realm experts like Lifeless Thorn, they easily killed enemy experts of the same caliber in three to five moves.

Aqua Rose, Cola, and Alluring Summer, players who had completed their Tier 2 promotion, finished enemy players off in two moves; one move to break through the enemy’s defenses and a second to deal the finishing blow. It wasn’t a battle; it was a one-sided massacre.

At this point, Shi Feng shifted his gaze to Nine Dragons Emperor’s retreating figure. He jumped down from the tower and dashed towards the Ranger.

His actions almost immediately attracted Nine Dragons Emperor and his people’s attention.

“Crap! He’s trying to kill the Pavilion Master!”