Chapter 1505 - Arrival Of Powerful Reinforcements

Chapter 1505 – Arrival of Powerful Reinforcements

Thunder Island, Orc encampment:

Level 55 and above Armored Orcs constantly patrolled the encampment, each wielding a spear with a bow slung over their shoulder. There were also four Orcs on lookout in each of the dozens of watchtowers, who also manned the affixed ballistas, ready to assist the patrols at a moment’s notice.

“Martial, you and your group will destroy that watchtower. Everyone else, spread out; don’t stand too close to each other! Be careful not to get dragged into the ballistas’ AOEs!” Nine Dragons Emperor commanded as he watched the ballistas fire at his team.

The Orcs guarding the encampment had ridiculously high Basic Attributes and combat standards. Even a patrol squad could pull his 120-man team into a bitter battle. The watchtowers’ cover fire was even more of a pain.

The ballistas’ fire would kill any player it struck instantly, even MTs with activated Lifesaving Skills.

To succeed, the team would have to avoid the ballista attacks at all times.

Despite starting this raid over an hour ago, they had yet to clear out the Orcs in the perimeter.

“Pavilion Master, Phoenix Rain has dispatched 20 players to the cliff tower. By the looks of it, they seem to be planning something. Should we put some pressure on her team?” Blood Dragon reported.

“They’re finally making a move?” Nine Dragons Emperor sneered. “What’s the situation at the cliff tower?”

Raiding the monster encampment was already more difficult than he had expected. Even after merging with Miracle’s team and armed with five stacks of the tower buff, they still struggled. Needless to say, Phoenix Rain’s team, which only controlled three towers, would have an even harder time with the encampments.

If Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing had dispatched a 100-man team to raid an encampment, he could ambush towers. Moreover, Miracle had offered to send reinforcements if he attempted to steal her towers. With this development, he might be able to take all three towers for himself, rendering all of Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing’s effort useless.

“There doesn’t seem to be any movement at the cliff tower so far. However, there is something strange,” Blood Dragon said. “Based on our spies’ reports, Zero Wing seems to have found a way to bring in reinforcements. But even now, we don’t know which superpower has agreed to cooperate with their team.”

“Reinforcements?” Nine Dragons Emperor sneered. “So what if they found reinforcements? If they try to raid an encampment, we’ll ignore the towers and attack their raid team instead. I want to see how they plan to secure a monster encampment with dead players! Tell our scouts to continue watching them for now. Report back if anyone moves.”

It was incredibly risky to attack an ancient tower. This was especially true if Phoenix Rain’s team had truly found reinforcements. However, ambushing a raid team outside of the towers’ range would be easy.

Without the towers’ Attribute buff, taking out Phoenix Rain’s team would be a piece of cake. Even if he failed to annihilate Phoenix Rain’s raid team, getting rid of a few dozen players would be more than enough to destroy Phoenix Rain’s chances of securing a monster encampment.

“Understood!” Blood Dragon couldn’t help his grin when he heard this. In fact, he even hoped that Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing had found reinforcements. This way, they could proudly defeat Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing’s team and restore their lost reputation.

…

As the various superpowers frantically raided monster encampments, Phoenix Rain’s anxiety grew as she waited for the reinforcements Shi Feng had mentioned.

The other superpowers were also watching the situation carefully. They hadn’t expected Nine Dragons Emperor to be so ruthless.

“Phoenix Rain is finished. Not only did Nine Dragons Emperor deal a heavy blow to her team, but he’s also limited her options of taking action. She’ll likely fail to claim a single encampment.”

“But the situation is strange. I never thought that Miracle would be willing to help Nine Dragons Emperor. What did Phoenix Rain do to provoke the Guild?”

“Don’t you know? Phoenix Rain didn’t provoke Miracle, but Zero Wing did. Remember the Dark Arena some time ago? Miracle’s battle team suffered a miserable defeat at Zero Wing’s hands. I’m sure that the Guild wants to teach Zero Wing a lesson and restore its reputation.”

“Phoenix Rain sure is unlucky. If not for her cooperation with Zero Wing, she might have had a chance to secure a monster encampment. Now that Miracle is helping Nine Dragons Emperor, she has lost all hope.”

“I know, right?”

The various superpowers expressed their sympathy for Phoenix Rain. With the woman’s tenacity, she should’ve been able to claim at least one encampment, but due to Zero Wing, Firmament had stabbed her in the back, and Nine Dragons Emperor allied with Miracle. The events gave the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion Master an overwhelming advantage.

“Big Sis Rain, I’ve just received a report stating that the Sacred Temple, Battle Wolves, Miracle, King’s Return, and Nine Heavens Pavilion have captured their first monster encampments and are preparing to raid their second. If we don’t hurry, it’ll be too late to do anything,” Blue Phoenix said anxiously.

Based on the information they had gathered, the monster encampments were far more challenging than they had anticipated. Meanwhile, the contest was nearly half over. If they didn’t take action soon, with only three ancient towers under their control, they might not have enough time to capture a monster encampment.

Even Nine Dragons Emperor had begun his fight with the final Guardian Boss in his first encampment.

“I understand, but we don’t have the power to make a move before the reinforcements arrive,” Phoenix Rain said, sighing helplessly.

Nine Dragons Emperor had a huge numerical advantage, and he was even willing to give up some of his manpower to station teams on standby to steal their towers. If they tried to raid a monster encampment, she had no doubt that Nine Dragons Emperor would attack without hesitation.

Thinking up to this point, Phoenix Rain contacted Shi Feng once more.

“Team Leader Ye Feng, what is the situation?” Phoenix Rain asked. “Quite a few Guilds have begun to raid their second encampment.”

“We’re almost there,” Shi Feng said, chuckling when he noticed Phoenix Rain’s anxiety. “Give me another ten minutes, and we’ll have 49 more players.”

“Forty-nine?” At first, Phoenix Rain celebrated the news of Shi Feng’s return, but her joy faded after hearing Shi Feng’s final statements.

Although he was returning with quite a few players, an additional 49 team members wouldn’t change their situation. Even with these 49 players, there was still a massive gap between her manpower and Nine Dragon Emperor’s.

“Relax. The people with me are quite powerful,” Shi Feng assured Phoenix Rain.

“I’ll leave it to you, then.” Although Shi Feng had tried to reassure her, Phoenix Rain didn’t have much hope for Shi Feng’s plan, but she was resigned to see it through. If they failed, she’d have no choice but to grit her teeth and negotiate with either the Sacred Temple or Battle Wolves.

After Shi Feng disconnected the call, Blackie snickered and said, “Guild Leader, she doesn’t seem to have much confidence in you.”

“That’s normal. After all, our current situation is problematic,” Shi Feng said nonchalantly. “When we arrive, make sure you give it your all.”

“Rest assured, Guild Leader! Not even capturing two or three encampments will be a problem, let alone the first!” Shadow Sword confidently declared.

After entering the Legacy Space, Shadow Sword had pushed through numerous trials and finally reached the Refinement Realm. He was also a Tier 2 player now. He itched to display is newfound prowess.

Fire Dance, Turtledove, Ye Wumian, Violet Cloud, Flying Shadow, Rampant Blade, Minor Wind, and Zero Wing’s other core members couldn’t help but laugh.

As the team chatted merrily, the One-horned Sailboat finally reached the edge of Thunder Island.

The One-horned Sailboat’s reappearance shocked the surrounding players, but Shi Feng ignored the stares as he stored the sailboat and used the Thunder Emblem to teleport the team to Thunder Island.