Chapter 1504 - Unfathomable Zero Wing

Chapter 1504 – Unfathomable Zero Wing

“Have them come over?” Shi Feng’s decision excited Aqua Rose. After all, Blackie and the others were now Tier 2 players. They’d be powerful reinforcements on Thunder Island. However, she quickly realized the problem and commented, “Guild Leader, they’ll need entry slots to enter Thunder Island. Moreover, with how much time we have left, I’m afraid it’ll be too late to do anything by the time they arrive.”

Even if they had the available slots, it took a considerable amount of time to travel from Ocean Viewing Town to Thunder Island. Even if they used the One-horned Sailboat, the contest would likely be over by the time Blackie and the other arrived.

“Relax. I still have a few available slots, and we can use the Spatial Gate to make the trip. Although it will take some time to get here, the contest has just begun. If we hurry, we should have enough time,” Shi Feng said, smiling.

“Wonderful! If Blackie and the others can make it, they’ll definitely be a great help! We’ll even surprise the other superpowers!” Aqua Rose was ecstatic.

She could already imagine what would happen once Blackie and the others arrived. Hurriedly, she contacted Blackie’s group, telling them to set aside their registration at the Adventurer’s Association for now and make their way to Ocean Viewing Town.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng called up his system interface and chose to leave the island. As Thunder Island prevented the use of tools, he could only use a Return Scroll after he left.

…

When Shi Feng left the ancient tower, Nine Dragons Emperor’s subordinates, who kept an eye over the situation around Phoenix Rain’s three ancient towers noticed his disappearance.

“Pavilion Master, I just received a report stating that Ye Feng suddenly vanished from the cliff tower,” Blood Dragon reported.

“Vanished? Did you know where he went?” Nine Dragons Emperor demanded as he thought about Shi Feng’s Teleportation Skill.

Martial Dragon, Blood Dragon, and Shadowtooth oversaw the three towers’ surveillance. Among the three towers, Blood Dragon kept watch over the cliff tower, which Zero Wing occupied. It was also the tower Nine Dragons Emperor wanted back the most.

Nine Dragons Emperor had to admit that Shi Feng’s Teleportation Skill was heaven-defying. The Skill allowed him to transport reinforcements and ambush his enemies at a moment’s notice. It was also how the man had forced him into such a passive state. If he moved recklessly, Shi Feng could ambush and steal his final tower, at which point, he would lose all hope in this competition.

“No,” Blood Dragon said, shaking his head. “But from the reports we’ve received from our spies in Phoenix Rain’s team, it doesn’t seem like they are executing any sort of operation. Moreover, Phoenix Rain is struggling over her plan to capture a monster encampment.”

“Since he is acting by himself, ignore him. We just need to keep track of their team’s movements,” Nine Dragons Emperor instructed.

At the end of the day, they were on Thunder Island. Shi Feng could never raid a monster encampment by himself.

As long as they kept an eye on the three ancient towers, the Swordsman’s independent actions wouldn’t change the result.

“Pavilion Master, we’ve just received a reply from Miracle. They’ve agreed to merge teams and share their tower buff, but they want half of the temporary teleportation arrays we get from the encampments,” Blood Dragon reported.

“That greedy old fox! He dares to ask for such a high price?!” Nine Dragons Emperor frowned slightly.

Each monster encampment on Thunder Island only provided two temporary teleportation arrays. He just wanted to borrow Miracle’s tower buff, yet the other Guild wanted half of the slots he obtained.

“Then, do we…” Blood Dragon also felt powerless about the situation. However, it was Nine Dragons Emperor’s decision to make. Had they known they would struggle this much, they would’ve prioritized capturing an encampment before picking a fight with Phoenix Rain.

“Fine. Agree to their conditions.” As the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion Master gave the order, he felt as if he had aged by several years.

With their team’s current prowess, capturing another ancient tower was impossible. Unfortunately, capturing a monster encampment with only one tower was also impossible. They’d only have a chance in this contest if they could merge with Miracle’s team. That way, they could dispatch some players to raid an encampment while maintaining their surveillance on Phoenix Rain’s towers. Otherwise, he’d have to continue wasting time with the Phoenix Pavilion Master.

Although doing so would earn him the same result as Phoenix Rain in this contest, she had Zero Wing’s help. She could definitely obtain a large collection of Thunder Passes for the next contest. Competing with Phoenix Rain would become far more difficult.

Hence, he needed to secure at least one encampment and gain as much advantage as he could over the other Pavilion Master, ensure that he’d have some options in the next contest for Thunder Island.

“Understood! I’ll lead a team and integrate with theirs.” Blood Dragon left the ancient tower and led his team to one of Miracle’s towers.

…

As time passed, the various superpowers began to raid their first monster encampment.

There were far fewer encampments on Thunder Island than ancient towers. Only 17 monster encampments were available, yet there were more than six superpowers participating in the contest. Needless to say, every superpower was trying to capture as many monster encampments as possible to achieve a higher rank in the contest. The competition for these encampments was intense.

Fortunately, the monster encampments were not that easy to raid, and not all of them were equal. The weaker encampments were only guarded by one Specialized Grand Lord and a few ordinary Grand Lords. Meanwhile, Archaic Species guarded the stronger encampments. Although the tower buffs helped weaken the Bosses’ Defense and Magic Resistance, it did not do anything about their Basic Attributes and Skills.

Without tools, even the superpowers’ peak experts would find dealing with Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species difficult. These teams even risked team-wipes. Hence, all of the participants were extremely careful when they took action.

“Big Sis Rain, this is bad. Nine Dragons Emperor has just merged with Miracle’s team. He has led a team of 120 experts to an encampment. What should we do?” Blue Phoenix reported anxiously.

“What about the players keeping an eye on us?” Phoenix Rain asked somberly.

“Now that he has Miracle’s help, he has spared 230 people to watch our towers. One hundred of those players are watching this tower, while the remaining 130 are scouting the cliff tower. They’ll likely attack if they notice the slightest movement on our side,” Blue Phoenix said in frustration.

If they wanted to raid an encampment, they’d have to dispatch at least 100 players. Otherwise, they’d have almost no chance of succeeding. However, if they dispatched 100 players, they’d only have 120 players to defend the towers. Trying to defend all three towers with so few people would be incredibly difficult. If Miracle sent reinforcements to help Nine Dragons Emperor’s surveillance teams, he might succeed in recapturing at least one of their towers. With only two towers, they could never capture a monster encampment with 100 players.

Phoenix Rain could not help her frown.

She hadn’t expected Nine Dragons Emperor to resort to a merger.

The other superpowers had already begun their raids. As more time passed, the struggle for the monster encampments would grow viciously intense. If her side remained idle, her chances would drastically decrease once the other teams raided their second encampment.

After a moment of silence, Phoenix Rain contacted Shi Feng.

“Nine Dragons Emperor has merged with Miracle’s team and begun to raid a monster encampment. At this rate, our chances of success will plummet as time passes. Should we try to negotiate with the Sacred Temple or Battle Wolves again?”

“Nine Dragons Emperor sure is moving quickly. However, it’s too soon to consider an alliance,” Shi Feng said, smiling calmly.

“But if we continue to drag our feet, it will become far more difficult to capture an encampment.” Phoenix Rain understood Shi Feng’s perspective. If they contacted the Sacred Temple and Battle Wolves now, they’d be at a disadvantage in the negotiations, but if they failed to obtain a single temporary teleportation array, their development in the Sea of Death would slow to a crawl. Even the advantage of their two sailboats would be limited against their competition.

“Since that’s the case, let’s prepare to raid an encampment,” Shi Feng said.

“We’re raiding one now?” Phoenix Rain’s eyes shown with excitement. “Do you have a plan to deal with Nine Dragons Emperor’s team?”

“No, I don’t,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head. “But it shouldn’t be a problem if we increase our manpower?”

Phoenix Rain didn’t know how to respond. Naturally, she wanted to increase her team’s manpower, but they needed Thunder Passes to do so. Was she just supposed to magically summon more allies?

“Leave the manpower issue to me. First, send 20 of your people to the cliff tower,” Shi Feng said, smiling as he brushed off the contemptuous look Phoenix Rain gave him.

“Do you really have a way to bring in more people?” Phoenix Rain asked, surprised. Judging by her companion’s serious expression, she knew Shi Feng’s claim hadn’t been a joke.

“Mhm, but I need some time to do so,” Shi Feng said, nodding. He had already met up with Blackie and the others. They just had to make their way to Thunder Island.

“Alright, I’ll send them people to the tower right away.” Although Phoenix Rain was excited, she felt as if she were looking at a stranger as she watched Shi Feng on the screen, or rather, Zero Wing as a whole felt foreign. A few months ago, Zero Wing had been nothing more than a fledgling Guilds that had only begun to flourish, yet now the Guild could accomplish feats that were even beyond her capabilities. It was incredible.