Chapter 1502 - A Momentary Strike

Chapter 1502 – A Momentary Strike

When Shi Feng joined the chaotic battlefield, he vanished, seeming as if he had never existed in the first place. The abrupt change made everyone on Nine Dragons Emperor’s team nervous.

“Elementalists, use Flame Orbs and Ice Walls around the Pavilion Master! Cursemancers, cast Dark Thorns! Druids, use Quagmire! Do not let him near the Pavilion Master!” Martial Dragon shouted when he realized Shi Feng’s intentions.

Nine Dragons Emperor was the center of command and the team’s absolute pillar. They could not afford to lose him.

Fortunately, many of their experts guarded Nine Dragons Emperor. If they still allowed Shi Feng to assassinate him, they would become the laughingstock of God’s Domain.

In addition, this wasn’t the first time he had seen Shi Feng’s Void Steps. Although the footwork technique was sophisticated and unpredictable, it wasn’t impossible to counter.

Generally, a concealment footwork technique like Void Steps would lose effect when its user received damage or altered their course, exposing themselves.

As long as they bombarded the area around Nine Dragons Emperor with weak, but sustainable attacks, they could prevent Shi Feng from approaching their Pavilion Master without being detected.

The Elementalists, Cursemancers, and Druids cast as Martial Dragon had instructed, covering the battlefield in AOE and Control Spells. Sure enough, Shi Feng reappeared.

However, the moment Shi Feng reappeared, he shoved off of the ground and shot forward, transforming into a shadowy streak as he maneuvered around the bombardment of Spells and made his way towards his target.

Shi Feng already wielded the Strength and speed of a Great Lord of the same level. With the tower’s buff, even a ranged expert would struggle to spot the Swordsman’s afterimages, much less land a Spell or Skill.

When Shi Feng was within 50 yards of Nine Dragons Emperor, numerous Spears of Darkness descended from the sky.

As if they had a life of their own, these Spears of Darkness thrust themselves at Shi Feng’s flying form while cutting off his path.

Undead, huh?

Shi Feng glanced at the Elementalist in black robes, who controlled the Spears of Darkness. Faced with these accurate attacks, he was forced to retreat temporarily while he defended himself.

As Shi Feng retreated, a black-clad figure appeared behind him. Two streaks of light, one black and one silver, sliced at Shi Feng’s head and back simultaneously.

“Die!” Shadowtooth smiled at Shi Feng.

Sneak Attack!

Assassinate!

As Shadowtooth launched his attacks, Martial Dragon fell from above, his greatsword swinging down on Shi Feng’s head and cutting off the man’s chance of escaping upward.

Indiscriminate Slash!

Broken Mark!

As the trio’s attacks were about to land, the Swordsman split into eleven identical copies.

Divine Steps!

When the attacks struck Shi Feng’s main body, it seemed as if they had hit air. All of their attacks lacked the feeling of encountering a physical object.

After activating Divine Steps, Shi Feng promptly switched positions with one of his doppelgangers and appeared beside Shadowtooth. He then brandished Killing Ray against the Assassin. A streak of blue light, followed by nine shadows, struck Shadowtooth, giving the Assassin no time to react.

Shadow Blade!

At the moment of imminent peril, Shadowtooth activated Wind Steps, instantly nullifying the incoming attacks. At the same time, he thrust Magic Breaker at Shi Feng’s heart.

However, when his weapon sunk into Shi Feng’s body, his expression twisted into something ugly. He knew he had failed to hit the Swordsman’s real body, just a doppelganger.

Damn it! He tricked me!

The moment Shadowtooth realized he had been tricked, he activated Vanish.

Suddenly, a blue sword sliced across the Assassin’s previous position, but the only reaction Shi Feng’s attack had earned was a loud clang.

Realizing his attack had failed, Shi Feng tightened his grip on the Abyssal Blade and Killing Ray before brandishing his blades at his surroundings. One sword light after another cut the air around him, looking like a lotus flower in bloom.

Tier 1 Skill, Omnislash!

Before the sword lights could spread farther, Martial Dragon’s greatsword transformed into a pillar of fire as the Berserker swung at Shi Feng.

Tier 1 Skill, Flaming Cross Slash!

Since Shi Feng was in the midst of activating a Skill, the Swordsman had revealed plenty of holes in his defense. He had no way of blocking Martial Dragon’s Flaming Cross Slash.

Boom!

When Martial Dragon’s Flaming Cross Slash struck Shi Feng, the ground beneath his feet cracked. Shi Feng had forcefully stopped his Omnislash, using his two swords to block Martial Dragon’s attack.

What kind of insane reaction speed does he have? Martial Dragon frowned at the unharmed Swordsman before him.

His coordination with Shadowtooth and Undead was seamless. While he and Shadowtooth attacked Shi Feng’s main body, Undead bombarded the Swordsman’s ten doppelgangers, preventing Shi Feng from switching positions with any of his clones. The only thing Shi Feng could do was block his Flaming Cross Slash. However, since Shi Feng had been in the midst of activating a Skill, he shouldn’t have been able to react in time. Normally, when players prematuring deactivated a Skill, they’d freeze for a brief moment, yet Shi Feng had protected himself successfully. This was simply inconceivable…

Moreover, Flaming Cross Slash dealt both physical and fire-type damage. Even if one blocked the attack, they’d still receive a significant amount of damage.

Yet, Shi Feng had not taken any damage…

What Martial Dragon didn’t know was that Shi Feng’s Fire Resistance was even higher than an ordinary player’s after consuming an Advanced Fire Resistance Potion. The additional burn affect when blocking the Skill was useless against Shi Feng.[1]

While Martial Dragon momentarily marveled at Shi Feng’s performance, the Sacred Sword in Shi Feng’s hand sliced at the Berserker with lightning speed. Martial Dragon instinctively executed Whirlwind Slash to block the attack.

Peng!

However, when Martial Dragon’s greatsword met Killing Ray, the resulting impact threw him over a dozen yards, the Berserker’s HP decreasing by a huge chunk. For a moment, Martial Dragon had nearly lost his grip on Silver Snow.

Martial Dragon and his companions had realized that their prey possessed heaven-defying Attributes during their prior clash, and they understood that they should avoid facing the Swordsman head-on as much as possible.

When they saw Martial Dragon in such a state after blocking one of Shi Feng’s attacks, both Bloodhand Yama and Miracle Dragon wore heavy expressions.

By the time they recovered their wits, Shi Feng had activated Wind Blade, dashing straight for Nine Dragons Emperor.

Since his Tier 2 Taboo Skill, Instant Strike, was still on Cooldown, the only way he could kill Nine Dragons Emperor was to deal the final blow face-to-face.

“Ye Feng! Don’t even think about getting near me!” Nine Dragons Emperor bellowed. He then pulled several dark-green arrows from his back and fired at Shi Feng.

Magic patterns decorated these dark-green arrows, and before they had even been fired, faint arcs of electricity danced around them.

These arrows were the product of the Legacy Skill, Magic Mark, which Nine Dragons Emperor had obtained after class-changing into the hidden class, Spell Breaker. The Magic Marked arrows would enhance an attack by one tier to a maximum of Tier 2. If used in tandem with a Tier 1 Skill, he could exert the power of a Tier 2 Skill.

Nine Dragons Emperor had wanted to hide the fact that he had a hidden class, but he no longer had that option. In quick succession, Nine Dragons Emperor fired nine Magic Marked arrows. When the arrows left his bow, they transformed into arcs of lightning that flew towards Shi Feng.

At the same time, Undead cast Ice Wall and Flame Barrage from a distance, hindering Shi Feng’s movement as much as possible.

In response, Shi Feng switched the Aura of Illusion to the Aura of Wind, skyrocketing his Agility and Attack Speed. Instead of retreating, he ran towards the incoming Spells and arrows.

Sword’s Orbit!

Neither Undead’s Flame Barrage nor Nine Dragons Emperor’s arrows could come close to Shi Feng before they drowned in a galaxy of stars around the Swordsman.

Neither experts’ attacks had dealt the slightest damage. In the end, Nine Dragons Emperor could only watch as Shi Feng approached.

Despite Nine Dragons Emperor continuous retreat, the distance between him and Shi Feng did not decrease. An unprecedented fear tore at Nine Dragons Emperor’s heart.

When he realized that he was almost out of the ancient Tower’s 100-yard range, he revealed an excited expression. Once Shi Feng was out of range of the tower’s buff, the Swordsman would have a much harder time killing him.

But the moment Nine Dragons Emperor stepped out of the tower’s buff radius, Shi Feng, who was less than 20 yards from him, received a sudden boost to his Movement Speed.

Gale Domain!

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng appeared before Nine Dragons Emperor. The Pavilion Master felt as if time had frozen as he watched the Abyssal Blade and Killing Ray cut down his body.

Flame Burst!

Nine Dragons Emperor then felt burning pain devour his body before his vision darkened, and his consciousness separated from the world.

All the players outside of Thunder Island saw was Shi Feng pass by Nine Dragons Emperor. In the next moment, Nine Dragons Emperor transformed into a pile of smoldering ash topped with a piece of equipment.

Everyone on the battlefield was stunned into silence; they even forgot the fight around them as they stood there in shock.

Nobody would have imagined that, despite so many expert guards, Shi Feng would take Nine Dragons Emperor’s life in an instant…