Chapter 1500 - Unstoppable Ye Feng

Chapter 1500 – Unstoppable Ye Feng

In one of the monster encampments on Thunder Island…

The team Nine Dragons Emperor led cleared out the Savage Orcs in the encampment’s outer region.

There were far more Orcs in the monster encampments than in the ancient towers. The encampment Nine Dragons Emperor raided easily had over 2,000 Savage Orcs, and they all wore armor and carried both a spear and bow. Walls of stone and wood protected the encampment, and dozens of watchtowers with ballistas were stationed at regular intervals along the walls.

Moreover, all of the Orcs were Level 55 and above, and the weakest among them was Chieftain rank. A Level 60 Specialized Grand Lord even stood in the center of the encampment. The quantity and quality of the monsters even forced Nine Dragons Emperor’s expert team to move carefully lest they attract too many monsters at a time.

While Nine Dragons Emperor commanded his team to attack a watchtower, a shout suddenly came through the team chat.

“Pavilion Master, we’re in trouble! Someone’s ambushed our tower! We need reinforcements!”

“An ambush?! Who is it?! How many people do they have?!” Nine Dragons Emperor’s expression darkened. Angrily, he shouted, “Didn’t any of the scouts warn of the attack?!”

To guarantee the safety of his towers, he had tasked over a dozen people outside of Thunder Island to scout for movement around the towers.

Yet, despite his scouts, his least defended tower had been ambushed. He wanted nothing more than to crack open his scout’s heads to see what occupied their empty skulls.

“Pavilion Master, the team appeared suddenly. Ye Feng is the team’s leader. We’re outnumbered. We can’t hold on for much longer.”

“Ye Feng?! How?! Wasn’t his team heading for the forest tower?!”

Nine Dragons Emperor’s expression was dubious when he heard the news. However, he saw the truth of it when he watched the live-stream that his subordinate had sent.

Before Nine Dragons Emperor could say more, Shi Feng appeared before the reporting Ranger, the Swordsman’s two blades easily slitting the Ranger’s neck. Although the Ranger had unsheathed a short sword to defend himself, Shi Feng was simply too fast. The Ranger had been struck numerous times before he could even raise his short sword. Following which, the live-stream disconnected and the screen faded to black.

It was obvious that Shi Feng had killed the reporting Ranger…

“How did Ye Feng get all the way over there?” Questions plagued Nine Dragons Emperor’s mind as he stared at the dark screen.

He had recently sent Martial Dragon to surround Shi Feng at the forest tower, yet the Swordsman had appeared at the cliff tower, over ten minutes away, a few minutes later. This sudden development was inconceivable.

However, the Heavenly Dragon Pavilion Master quickly snapped out of his daze, realizing the severity of the matter. Hurriedly, he contacted Martial Dragon and commanded, “Martial, head to the cliff tower immediately!”

“Why? Weren’t we supposed to surround Ye Feng’s team?” Martial Dragon asked.

“Don’t ask! Just hurry over there! Ye Feng is leading an assault on that tower! The defenders there won’t hold on much longer!” Urgency and anxiety tore at Nine Dragons Emperor.

He had only stationed 25 players at the cliff tower. Shi Feng could easily capture it with 50 to 60 players.

“Understood.” When Martial Dragon saw Nine Dragons Emperor’s panic, he realized the severity of the matter. He immediately commanded his team to change course for the cliff tower.

However, a few seconds after Martial Dragon gave the command, everyone on Nine Dragons Emperor’s team lost one stack of their tower buffs, leaving them with only two.

Nine Dragons Emperor’s expression twisted in rage. The thread of hope he had clung onto had been destroyed.

What Nine Dragons Emperor did not know was that, among the 25 players defending the ancient tower, Shi Feng’s Flame Domain had killed over 15 instantly.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng led a 100-man team. Even if the defenders had the 30% buff to their Basic Attributes and damage reduction, they were outnumbered. Furthermore, Shi Feng had multiple Tier 2 players on his side. Even with the buff, the tower defenders’ Basic Attributes were nothing compared to Shi Feng and his companions’.

“Ye Feng!” Nine Dragons Emperor bellowed as the live-stream replayed in his mind.

He knew every trump card Phoenix Rain possessed, and none of those trump cards allowed players to cross such a large distance in such a short amount of time. The sudden arrival of Shi Feng’s team had to be the Swordsman’s doing.

Without the team’s three tower buffs, it would become extremely difficult to capture a monster encampment. It might even be impossible. Aside from the Specialized Grand Lord in the heart of the encampment, they also had to deal with four ordinary Grand Lords beside it. Without the three stacks of Defense and Magic Resistance weakening, his team couldn’t deal enough damage to the Bosses with their Attributes.

“Everyone, listen up! Aside from the players defending the ancient towers, all of you will follow me to the cliff tower!” Nine Dragons Emperor announced after taking in a deep breath. “Martial, notify Miracle’s members and have them gather there as well! I refuse to believe that Ye Feng can face us all!”

Although he had lost the ancient tower, he still had the numerical advantage. Even if Shi Feng had over 100 players, he could still recapture the tower.

…

Elsewhere, when Phoenix Rain, who currently distracted Nine Dragons Emperor’s subordinates, saw her tower buff increase by a stack, she was stunned.

What?! He actually succeeded?!

Phoenix Rain could not believe her eyes when she saw her status window, but when she read the latest update on Nine Dragons Emperor’s movements, her joy fell away. Hurriedly, she warned her companion through the team chat, “Ye Feng, Nine Dragons Emperor is furious. He’s gathering all available manpower to your location. Miracle’s members are heading your way as well. We estimate that around 400 players are moving towards you. You can’t defend the tower. You need to retreat.”

Although Shi Feng’s achievement delighted her, the difference between the two sides’ strength was massive. She had to admit that little tricks like this were meaningless in the face of absolute power.

“It’s fine. Let them come,” Shi Feng said, smiling faintly when he read the report. “Right, your side should get ready.”

This situation might be troublesome if he weren’t on Thunder Island, but players couldn’t achieve victory here with a larger army.

“Get ready for what? Is there some way we can help?” Phoenix Rain asked.

“No. Prepare to capture your tower,” Shi Feng stated indifferently.

“This…” Phoenix Rain was speechless.

The tower before her was defended by 42 players. Moreover, Blood Dragon led the defense. Although she had 80 players, they could never capture the tower before Nine Dragons Emperor’s reinforcements arrived.

“Relax. I’ll help you with it,” Shi Feng said.

“Help us?” Phoenix Rain was stunned. For a moment, she even thought she had heard wrong. Shi Feng had enough issues on his side. How could he help her?

Although she found Shi Feng’s words hard to believe, a part of her couldn’t just dismiss them. Of the man’s multiple insane declarations thus far, he had never once failed to carry them out.

“When I tell you to attack, strike with everything you’ve got. Leave the rest to me,” Shi Feng instructed. “My side still needs to prepare. Try to lure as many people out of the tower as possible in the meantime.”

Phoenix Rain had no response. There simply wasn’t anything she could say about his simple approach, yet the way Shi Feng had spoken about the plan made it seem as if the decision had been obvious. After a moment of silence, she sighed and said, “I understand. I’ll have my men lure them out.”

The minutes flew by. While Nine Dragons Emperor and Miracle’s combined team of 400-plus players rushed towards Shi Feng’s ancient tower, he took his sweet time resting.

Once Flame Domain’s Cooldown finished, he told Phoenix Rain, “Attack!”

Not giving the matter much thought, Phoenix Rain led her 80-man team in a charge against Blood Dragon’s tower.

“Phoenix Rain, you are courting death!” When Blood Dragon saw Phoenix Rain’s team dash towards him, he prepared his team for battle. At the same time, he opened a communication window to contact Nine Dragons Emperor.

Just as Blood Dragon was about to report this new development, a figure appeared in the sky. The figure was none other than Shi Feng, who had appeared using the Aura of Space’s first Activatable Skill, Space Movement.

Before anyone could react, Shi Feng used Flame Domain once again.

The towering pillars of fire burned over half of the defending team to death. Only a dozen or so players, who had reacted quickly, escaped the AOE in time.

After using Flame Domain, Shi Feng appeared before Blood Dragon.

Phantom Kill!

Flame Burst!

Using Flame Burst alongside his doppelganger, even the skillful Blood Dragon was powerless against Shi Feng. Although Blood Dragon had instinctively activated his Lifesaving Skill, each attack from Flame Burst dealt tens of thousands of damage.

In the blink of an eye, Blood Dragon’s corpse sprawled at Shi Feng’s feet. The enemy players were stupefied. Their chain of command descended into chaos. Very quickly, Phoenix Rain’s members annihilated their enemies.

…

When Nine Dragons Emperor and his people were roughly ten minutes from the cliff tower, they noticed that they had lost another tower buff stack.

“What is going on? What happened?” Confusion colored Nine Dragons Emperor’s expression as he looked at his status window.

“Pavilion Master, Ye Feng appeared and attacked Branch Guild Leader Blood Dragon’s tower a moment ago…” one of the scouts outside of Thunder Island cautiously informed him.