Chapter 1513 - God-Speed Clearing

Chapter 1513 – God-speed Clearing

“Everything?”

When the team heard Shi Feng’s strategy, they stared at the monster encampment before them. As they watched the Rock Giants in the encampment, they hoped they had misheard their commander.

Although the Rock Giant encampment wasn’t protected by watchtowers like the Orc encampment, the Rock Giants were difficult enough to deal with. They became even more powerful when they gathered.

The weakest Rock Giant was a Level 55 Chieftain, while the majority of the were Level 56 and Level 57 Lords. There were also quite a few Level 58 High Lords and Level 59 Great Lords.

All of these Rock Giants had high HP and Defense. In addition, their attacks had a chance of triggering Armor Break, allowing their attacks to ignore their target’s Defense. Though, depending on their ranks, the chances to trigger Armor Break varied.

Even without Armor Break, the Rock Giants could deal a significant amount of damage to players. If they happened to trigger the effect, a Lord ranked Rock Giant could likely kill an MT of the same level in two or three hits, not to mention the High Lords and Great Lords.

If they just charged into the Rock Giant encampment, it wouldn’t take long for the monsters to pummel them to death.

“Mhm, that’s right. We’ll get rid of the surrounding Rock Giants altogether. Although the Rock Giants have high HP, Defense, and Armor Break, their Movement and Attack Speeds are quite low. As long as we don’t let them too close, they won’t pose much of a threat. The main problem is how much aggro you three can hold,” Shi Feng said as he looked at Cola, Turtledove, and Ye Wumian. “As for the rest of you, wait for my command to attack.”

He had chosen the Rock Giant encampment because of the monsters’ slow reactions. These monsters would struggle to hit moving targets, and with the Thunder Emblem and Thunder God’s Charm, the Rock Giant’s HP and Defense wouldn’t be an issue.

Furthermore, without the aid of archers or ballistas due to the lack of watchtowers, the Rock Giants, which were melee attackers, would have to face players’ DPS and Stamina.

However, Cola, Turtledove, and Ye Wumian were now Tier 2 players. Both their Stamina and their reaction speed had undergone qualitative transformations. They could last much longer in battle than Tier 1 players.

The MT trio quickly realized what Shi Feng wanted them to do. Rather than clashing with the Rock Giants head-on, they just needed to hold the monsters’ aggro. For them, that was considerably easy.

Following which, the three MTs separated and ran around the encampment, luring the monsters.

As Elemental Creatures, the Rock Giants’ perception range exceeded ordinary monsters’. The instant Cola and the other two set foot in the encampment, a patrol squad of Rock Giants noticed them and charged into the MT trio.

However, Cola and the others didn’t change their course. Instead, they charged deeper into the encampment to lure the other patrol squads.

The MT trio moved very quickly. Despite the numerous blockades, the three of them maneuvered through the crowds easily. A few times, they took a wrong path and came within attack range of a few Rock Giants, but they reacted quickly enough and defended themselves with their shields. Even when a Great Lord landed a hit, they only received around -5,000 damage. To these three players, that was nothing.

Very quickly, the three MTs lured the encampment’s 700 or so Rock Giants to the perimeter in a single, massive mob.

The scene of hundreds of Rock Giants in a single group was even more terrifying than an army of 10,000 players. When they moved, the earth shook beneath their feet.

“Alright, everyone with a large-scale destruction Spell, get ready!” Shi Feng moved his team into position when he saw the Rock Giant army approach.

However, when his teammates saw the monsters, a sliver of fear pierced their hearts. Even the Chieftains had 4,500,000 HP, whereas the strongest Great Lords had 50,000,000 HP.

This was definitely not an army that they could defeat with a few large-scale destruction Spells.

When the Rock Giants came within 30 yards of Shi Feng, who stood at the forefront of the team, their HPs suddenly plummeted thanks to the Thunder Domain. These monsters’ Basic Attributes had fallen by 30%.

Now, the Great Lords had only 35,000,000 HP, the High Lords had 21,000,000, the Lords had 13,000,000, and the Chieftains had 3,150,000.

“Cola, Turtledove, Ye Wumian, hold their aggro! Attackers, on my mark!” Shi Feng commanded.

“Understood!”

Immediately, the MT trio turned and faced the approaching Rock Giant army. They then used the Guardian Knight’s Tier 2 Skill, Punishing Light and the Shield Warrior’s Tier 2, Skill War Rage.

Both Skills were AOE Taunts and would temporarily force monsters to ignore everything but the Skills’ user. At the same time, the Skills increased the user’s Defense.

The MT trio used the Taunts in three different locations. Although they could not pull every Rock Giant’s aggro, they held the majority of the monsters.

Seeing the MTs stabilize their hold, Shi Feng followed up with Flame Domain.

Towering pillars of fire rose from the ground, devouring every monster in the Rock Giant army. Arcs of electricity also danced around the flaming pillars. Not only did the first attack deal over -400,000 damage to each of the Rock Giants, but it had also inflicted the monsters with four stacks of the Electrified debuff, decreasing their Defense and reaction speed.

By the time Flame Domain’s 7-second duration ended, quite a few Chieftain ranked Rock Giants were dead. Shi Feng then followed up with Lightning Edge, dealing over -300,000 damage to the remaining Rock Giants every second for five seconds.

None of the Chieftain ranked Rock Giants had survived the two AOEs, reducing the monster army’s numbers by half.

As a result, Cola and the others had an easier time gathering the remaining Rock Giants in a single location.

“Good! DPS, attack!” Shi Feng commanded.

Zhao Yueru, Blackie, Aqua Rose, Alluring Summer, and Violet Cloud immediately released their large-scale destruction Spells.

Although none of their attacks did as much damage as Shi Feng’s, when combined, the damage was astounding. Moreover, the Rock Giants now had ten stacks of the Electrified debuff, which eased the burden on Cola and his fellow MTs.

After the wave of large-scale destruction Spells, the battlefield was void of Lord ranked Rock Giants. Now, only 40-plus half-HP High Lords and six Great Lords with two-thirds of their HPs remained.

With this, the ‘impossible’ task of clearing the encampment became a reachable goal.

“Everyone, prioritize the High Lords! All MTs, separate them! Kite them, and don’t let them near you!” Shi Feng commanded.

With ten stacks of the Electrified debuff, even Tier 1 MTs could easily evade the Great Lords’ attacks. As long as they maintained the ten stacks, they could kite the monsters without issue.

Solitary Nine and Dark Madness dashed forward and pulled some of the Rock Giant’s aggro, which was currently chaotic due to the previous bombardment. They then kited their monsters around the team, allowing the ranged players to attack.

Zero Wing and Asura’s members were treating the Rock Giants, which other teams had deemed impossible to defeat, like target practice. After suppressing the Rock Giants Defense, they were no more difficult than Orcs of the same level. In addition, with Aqua Rose and the others’ Tier 2 Skills, the team took less than 30 seconds to finish off a half-HP High Lord.

Time passed quickly. Every five minutes, Shi Feng would cast Flame Domain. Every ten minutes, Shi Feng executed Lightning Edge and the others used large-scale destruction Spells like Frostflame Hell.

In less than 30 minutes after the battle had begun, the Rock Giants in the encampment’s perimeter had been annihilated, feeding the team members’ EXP bars. Tier 1 players like Gentle Snow and Zhao Yueru had even gained a full level from the abundant EXP. Meanwhile, the various superpowers who were raiding their second encampment finally eliminated the monsters in their encampment’s perimeters…