Chapter 1516 - Slaying The King

Chapter 1516 – Slaying the King

What tremendous Strength!

Shi Feng glanced at the vibrating, humming Sacred Sword in his hand.

His teammates were amazed that Shi Feng had only received a little over -10,000 damage from deflecting the Rock King’s attack. However, only Shi Feng understood how high the damage truly was.

Currently, he was a Level 60, Tier 2 Blade Saint. In addition, he had multiple Epic Weapons and pieces of Equipment on top of three Fragmented Legendary items. Although rings and capes provided a much lower boost than weapons, they were still precious Fragmented Legendary items; Epic items simply couldn’t compare.

He also had the Aura of Earth, which increased his Defence and decreased incoming damage, activated, yet despite these factors, he still took over -10,000 damage from just redirecting the Rock King’s attack.

Had he received the Guardian Boss’s attack head-on, the consequences would have been dire.

After Shi Feng deflected the Rock King’s attack, the latter swung its other arm, attacking Cola again. However, since Shi Feng had bought Cola a moment’s peace, he had recovered from the paralysis effect. He immediately turned and leaped backward, his shield angled to defect the Guardian Boss’s attack while using the resulting impact to propel himself towards the Rock King. When Cola returned to the ground, he stood next to the Rock King’s feet. He then brandished his sword, a streak of golden light smashing into the Boss’s massive foot.

Tier 2 Skill, Divine Strike!

Suddenly, a high amount of damage appeared above the Rock King’s head.

-52,497!

But Cola wasn’t satisfied. The Tier 2 Divine Strike was his strongest Skill, and Thunder God’s Power added lightning damage to his attack, yet he only dealt a little over -50,000 damage. If he were fighting any other Boss, he would deal over -80,000 damage.

However, due to this attack, Cola had stabilized his aggro on the Boss.

“Everyone, focus your fire on the Rock King!” Shi Feng commanded.

Immediately, the ranged classes launched one attack after another.

Unfortunately, most of the damages weren’t particularly high. On average, Tier 1 Skills only dealt around -14,000 damage to the Guardian Boss, whereas Tier 1 players’ normal damage hovered between five and six thousand. Moreover, this was including the bonus damage from Thunder God’s Power…

“Just how high is this Rock King’s Defense?”

Everyone winced when they saw their meager damages.

Their damage and levels currently ranked at the very peak of God’s Domain, yet against this Boss, their damage was pitiful.

The Rock King’s current maximum HP was 160,000,000. It could regenerate 1,600,000 HP every five seconds, 320,000 HP every second. Meanwhile, their team only included 35 DPS players. If everyone only dealt an average of -10,000 damage per second, they’d barely do any actual damage to the Guardian Boss…

Fortunately, they had the damage increase from Thunder God’s Power. Otherwise, they’d have no hope of defeating this Guardian Boss.

Only now did Zero Wing and Asura’s experts understand why the various superpowers had saved the Rock Giant encampment for last. It wasn’t just because of how challenging the ordinary Rock Giants were to clear out, but because of the difficulty of raiding the Rock King.

However, when Aqua Rose and the other Tier 2 ranged players made their move, damages over -20,000 began to appear above the monster’s head. Some attacks even dealt over -40,000 damage.

After the first wave of ranged attacks, Fire Dance, Shadow Sword, Flying Shadow, Rampant Blade, and Gentle Snow and the other Tier 1 melee players finally assaulted the Boss.

Tier 2 Skill, Successive Shadowsteps!

Tier 2 Skill, Blade Storm!

Tier 1 Taboo Skill, Frozen River!

When the Tier 2 players’ numerous Skills struck the Rock King, the rest of the team was astonished.

-56,487!

-124,678!

-58,037!

-42,054!

-31,675!

…

Massive amounts of damage appeared above the Rock King’s head, one after another, swiftly reducing the Guardian Boss’s HP. Fire Dance’s attacks, in particular, were absurdly strong. Her normal attacks alone dealt over -13,000 damage each, nearly -30,000 damage with a critical hit. When she used her Skills, she could easily deal over -50,000 damage, over -100,000 damage if she achieved a critical hit.

Fire Dance alone dealt more damage than five Tier 1 melee players combined.

“Big Sis Fire really is too fierce. Even though I’m going all-out, I can’t deal half as much damage as she can…” Blackie’s eyes nearly fell from their sockets when he saw the team’s damage ranks.

Despite both of them being Tier 2 players, there was such a massive gap between them.

So, she is one of Zero Wing’s upper echelons?

Lifeless Thorn was at a loss for words as he looked at Fire Dance’s consistent damage.

Cleansing Whistle and the other Asura members were similarly stunned.

Back in Cold Wind City, Lifeless Thorn’s DPS had ranked at the very top. Now, however, they encountered so many players that far surpassed his DPS. They had even met a player like Fire Dance, whose DPS was simply monstrous.

However, the most impressive player among them was still Shi Feng.

Despite helping Cola fend off the Rock King from time to time, he ranked first on the team in total damage dealt. Moreover, there was a massive gap between him and the second-ranked Fire Dance.

With a casual swing of his sword, Shi Feng dealt over -20,000 damage to the Rock King, over -50,000 with a critical hit. When he used the Tier 2 Skill, Shadow Blade, each of the nine shadows dealt over -60,000 damage. When he used Flame Burst, each of the fifteen attacks dealt over -200,000 damage.

In addition, Shi Feng had the doppelganger he summoned with Phantom Kill. Although the doppelganger only wielded 90% of Shi Feng’s Attributes, it still dealt about the same amount of damage as Fire Dance.

The team continued to chip away at the Rock King’s HP. Even after Cola’s Protection Blessing ran out and the Guardian Knight began to take around -26,000 damage when deflecting the Rock King’s attacks, he was able to keep his HP above a safe threshold with Shi Feng’s timely help in deflecting attacks.

Time passed quickly. When the Rock King’s HP fell to 50%, its body abruptly curled. A magic array with a 500-yard radius appeared beneath its feet, and the surge of Mana moving towards the array gave everyone a moment of discomfort. A second later, crimson meteors began to rain from the sky.

This move was none other than the Rock King’s team-wipe move, Meteor Bombardment!

“Everyone, gather to me!” Shi Feng shouted when he saw the descending meteors.

Although none of them knew what Shi Feng intended to do, they did as they were told.

Just before the meteors struck the team, Shi Feng activated the Aura of Earth’s only Activatable Skill, Absolute Domain!

When activated, the Skill gave Shi Feng immunity to all damage for 10 seconds and his allies within 50 yards immunity for 5 seconds.

Suddenly, a golden glow enveloped the team. Even when the two Rock Guards bombarded Turtledove and Ye Wumian with attacks, the MTs took no damage.

As the first wave of flaming meteors crashed into the ground, towering mushroom clouds rose up around the Rock King. The ground shook as if Armageddon had come. Not even the Rock Guards were spared as a meteor struck each of them, shattering their bodies into countless fragments…

Unfortunately, the Rock Guards were Elemental Creatures. Even after they had shattered, they quickly gathered the broken pieces and reconstructed themselves. Only, as soon as they reformed, another wave of meteors crashed into them, shattering them once again. Each meteor wave dealt millions of damage to the two Grand Lords.

In the end, the Rock Guards’ bodies had been destroyed nine times throughout Meteor Bombardment’s 4-second duration.

When the smoke and dust settled, it revealed the utter disaster the Rock Giant encampment had become. Massive craters littered the encampment. Meanwhile, the Rock King had lost over 10,000,000 HP in its own attack.

Seeing this, the players nearly lost their footing.

Fortunately, they had been protected by Shi Feng’s Absolute Domain. Otherwise, they would have all died.

“Good! The meteors have forced the Boss into a Weakened state! Attack with everything you’ve got!” Shi Feng commanded when he saw the Rock King, who remained immobile after its Spell had ended.

Hearing Shi Feng’s command, everyone quickly resumed with their assault, bombarding the Rock King with every Skill and Spell they had.

The Weakened Rock King’s Defense was at an all-time low, doubling everyone’s damage. Since the Rock King was immobile, they didn’t need to worry about it blocking their attacks, either.

A series of damages appeared above the Rock King’s head, draining its HP like flowing water. In less than a minute, the Rock King’s HP fell to 20%, at which point the Guardian Boss stood and bellowed in rage. Cracks formed across its body before numerous fragments began to fall off. These fragments then formed Lord ranked Rock Giants, the exact same number as the team’s players – 50.

This sudden change also decreased the Rock King’s HP to 10%, but it had entered a defensive state, significantly increasing its Defense. Now, the team members’ attacks dealt less than 20% of what they did originally.

This was the Rock King’s other team-wipe move, Life Division. If players couldn’t defeat the Lord ranked Rock Giants in time, these Rock Giants would be reabsorbed and restore the Rock King’s HP, each Rock Giant healing the Guardian Boss for 1% of its HP.

Meanwhile, if the Rock King’s HP recovered to 50%, it would use Meteor Bombardment again…

The team nearly succumbed to despair at this turn of events.

The only thing preventing them from thoroughly falling into despair was the fact that the 50 Lord ranked Rock Giants only had 9,000,000 HP each. After including the 30% suppression from Thunder Domain, each Rock Giant only had 7,200,000 HP.

Shi Feng, however, had long since prepared for this moment. Relaxed, he commanded, “Cola, aggro the mobs! Blackie, give Cola a Guardian of Light! Everyone with large-scale destruction Spells, use them!”

Hearing the command, Cola dashed into the monster crowd and used the Tier 2 AOE Taunt, Punishing Light. Immediately, all 50 Rock Giants set their sights on Cola. At the same time, Blackie cast Guardian of Light, rendering the Guardian Knight immune to all magic damage and reducing incoming physical damage by 80%. At the same time, the Skill healed Cola for 5% of his HP every second for 20 seconds.

With Cola’s Defense and Guardian of Light’s damage reduction, he only took around -300 damage from the Level 60 Lords’ attacks. Even when he received a direct hit, he only took -1,000 damage. With Guardian of Light’s healing, he easily endured the Rock Giants’ attacks.

After Cola used Tier 1 Devotion, another AOE Taunt, Shi Feng, Blackie, Aqua Rose, Alluring Summer, and Zhao Yueru simultaneously cast their large-scale destruction Spells.

Despite the numerous Spells raining down on him, Cola received no damage, but the same could not be said for the Rock Giants. By the time every large-scale destruction Spell ended, the 50 Rock Giants were no more.

Once the team annihilated the Rock Giants, the Rock King was forced out of its defensive state and sustained another 20-second Weakened period.

“Attack with everything you’ve got! Don’t let it split a second time!” Shi Feng shouted.

Shadow Blade!

Phantom Kill!

Nine Dragons Slash!

Dragon Breath!

As Shi Feng executed these Skills, he sacrificed 20 units of Life Force and activated the strongest Divine Providence.

When the Rock King’s HP fell below 1,000,000, he followed up with Flame Burst.

In the end, he only needed three hits to destroy the Rock King’s final strand of HP.