Chapter 1510 - First Kill Reward

Chapter 1510 – First Kill Reward

After the Orc Chief collapsed, Zero Wing’s members watched as their experience bars increased by a large margin before they head the sound of a system notification.

…

System: Congratulations! You have defeated the Orc Chief with less than 100 players. Rewarding 10 Thunder Island Reputation and 500 Thunder Island Contribution Points.

…

What an abundant reward! It’s no wonder how the various superpowers secured such a massive advantage in the past.

There were two important things on Thunder Island, both of which the various large Guilds and players hungered after.

The first was Thunder Island Reputation, while the second was Thunder Island Contribution Points. A player’s Reputation determined their authority and status on Thunder Island.

Like the Sea God’s Temple, players could use Contribution Points to purchase unique items on Thunder Island such as the Thunder Potion.

For players on the main continent, the Thunder Potion was utterly useless. To players exploring the Sea of Death, however, it was a godly potion.

The Thunder Potion did not provide additional Basic Attributes, but it did give players the Power of Thunder buff. With this buff, not only could players deal 20% more damage to sea monsters or monsters on islands, but it was also a deterrent, causing monsters to avoid them and reducing their chances of encountering an ambush. The potion also weakened monsters’ perception of players.

When teams had recruited members to explore the Sea of Death in the past, they had almost never accepted players without Thunder Potions.

There might not be many sea and island monsters in the Sea of Death’s outer region, but the number of monsters increased exponentially in the inner region of the sea zone. If one weren’t careful, they could be surrounded and killed.

The Sea of Death’s inner region also contained most of the opportunities and treasures in the sea zone. Hence, if players wanted to reap a bountiful harvest from the Sea of Death, they’d have no choice but to venture to its inner region.

Meanwhile, not only could the Thunder Potion allow safer passage in the inner region, but it also increased players’ combat power, which was why the potion was a must have item at sea.

Players could only purchase the Thunder Potion with Thunder Island’s Contribution Points, but they were considerably difficult to earn. Generally, players could only obtain a small number of CPs from completing the island’s local quests. Unfortunately, as fate would have it, there weren’t many of these quests. Not everyone could get their hands on one. Players would only receive high-ranking quests once they reached a certain status on Thunder Island. These high-ranking quests awarded more CPs than the daily quests, each granting around 10 to 20 CPs.

Meanwhile, each Thunder Potion cost 10 CPs, and each potion had a 10-hour duration. It also lacked a Cooldown. Players could even consume two Thunder Potions at once, gaining two stacks of Power of Thunder and increasing their damage by 30% while lowering their chances of being detected for 15 hours.

Now, Zero Wing’s team members had obtained 500 CPs after killing an encampment’s Guardian Boss. The 10 Thunder Island Reputation Points they had earned were also precious. After obtaining 100 Reputation Points, players could accept more daily quests and a few high-ranking, hidden quests, increasing the amount of Reputation they could earn each day.

Unfortunately, aside from Shi Feng, the team members were likely more interested in the Orc Cheif’s loot than the system’s rewards.

However, no one dared to focus on the items since the two Orc Generals were still alive.

Though, after the Orc Chief died, Phoenix Rain’s team officially took control of the Orc encampment. As proof of the team’s successful occupation, a magic barrier enveloped the encampment after the main Boss’s death. The surrounding Mana gathered inside the barrier, increasing the encampment’s Mana density.

As a result, the two Orc Generals’ Basic Attributes plummeted. It was clear that the barrier was suppressing the Orcs. At the same time, a teleportation channel also opened inside the encampment. Level 60 NPCs began to emerge from the channel. In total, 100 NPC guards had teleported to the encampment, 10 of them at Tier 2, and the rest were Tier 1.

The first thing these NPCs did after their arrival was turn to attack the two Orc Generals.

NPCs dealt far more damage than players. Needless to say, they finished off the Orc Generals in a brief moment.

…

Meanwhile, every watching superpower on Thunder Island was dumbfounded by the battle’s outcome.

None of them had thought that Zero Wing would actually take down an encampment with only 50 players. In fact, Zero Wing’s members had defeated the Orc Chief so quickly that the battle had ended before Nine Dragons Emperor’s reinforcements had arrived…

“Big Sis Rain, Big Brother Ye Feng really succeeded! We now have an encampment!” Blue Phoenix cheered as she watched the Orc encampment on the screen before her.

Phoenix Rain couldn’t help her building excitement, either.

A miracle!

She had to admit that Shi Feng was a miracle-worker. With a small team of 50 players, he had defeated Nine Dragons Emperor’s 120-man team and occupied the Orc encampment before the enemy reinforcements arrived. This spectacular feat would go down in Thunder Island’s history.

Now that Shi Feng occupied the Orc encampment, other players would have a very difficult time trying to steal it from him.

Not only would the encampment’s magic array suppress enemy players, but the defending players would also have the aid of the NPCs in battle. A few hundred players simply weren’t enough to steal an encampment.

They were almost guaranteed to hold an encampment throughout the contest. With a monster encampment, they would obtain two temporary teleportation arrays on Thunder Island. They would also qualify to compete with the other superpowers during the next contest.

In addition, they now qualified to negotiate with Super Guilds like the Sacred Temple and Battle Wolves.

…

Meanwhile, Nine Dragons Emperor’s team and the players from Miracle stared at the magic barrier around the Orc encampment in silence.

“Pavilion Master, what should we do now?” Martial Dragon asked.

“We…retreat,” Nine Dragons Emperor stated, clearly livid. For a moment, he even looked as if he would faint from anger.

Shi Feng had taken the Orc encampment he had spent hours clearing in ten short minutes. He’d like nothing more than to eat Shi Feng’s heart raw.

However, he knew that he couldn’t take the encampment back even if he had 400-plus players on his side. Aside from the fact that Shi Feng could transport reinforcements to the encampment, the current 50 players in the barrier were a massive threat. Furthermore, if his team members entered the encampment, their Basic Attributes would plummet.

After considering the Tier 1 and Tier 2 NPC guards, his team had no hope of taking back the encampment.

Watching Nine Dragons Emperor silently turn and walk away, Martial Dragon gave the encampment one last glance.

This was the first time he had met someone who could push Nine Dragons Emperor this far. Not even the various Super Guilds had ever done so, yet Shi Feng had. Moreover, Shi Feng had rendered Nine Dragons Emperor powerless to retaliate.

…

Back inside the Orc Encampment, everyone’s experience bars rose by a significant chunk as the Orc Generals died.

However, unlike the Orc Chief, the two Orc Generals hadn’t dropped a single item.

Blackie and the others were confused, but Shi Feng remained unfazed.

On Thunder Island, only the Guardian Bosses dropped any loot.

After finishing off the two Orc Generals, Shi Feng made his way towards the pile of items the Orc Chief had dropped. He then began to appraise the items, and the watching Zero Wing members grew nervous.

Suddenly, Shi Feng received a call from Quiet Melody. Confused, Shi Feng accepted the call.

“Congratulations. With this victory, Zero Wing will have an easy time traveling to and from Thunder Island,” Quiet Melody congratulated.

“Vice Temple Master Melody, have you contacted me just to offer congratulations? Please get to the point,” Shi Feng said calmly.

“Elder Ye Feng is quite straightforward. Since that is the case, I won’t mince words. My Guild Leader wishes to speak with you in private. May I know if you are interested?” Quiet Melody said.