Chapter 1515 - Oppressing An Archaic Species

Chapter 1515 – Oppressing an Archaic Species

When Gentle Snow and the other Zero Wing upper echelons heard Shi Feng’s command, they gave him confused looks.

Since Cola would tank the Rock King, he should use the best items they had, yet Shi Feng didn’t want him to use the Dragonscale Shield. This would undoubtedly make raiding the Rock King even more difficult.

Moreover, they were more surprised to hear that Shi Feng would support Cola.

Aside from high HP and Defense, the Guardian Knight and Shield Warrior classes also had Passive Skills that reduced the damage and paralysis effect they suffered from attacks. The Swordsman class did not possess such Skills. Meanwhile, the more powerful a Boss was, the longer a player would be paralyzed after receiving one of its attacks. If the paralysis remained for too long, the MT could fail to keep up their defensive cycle and die.

Hence, teams rarely relied on non-MT plate armor classes to support lead MTs, generally relying on Shield Warriors and Guardian Knights.

However, after Cola received the Titan Guard and checked the shield’s Attributes, his jaw dropped. For a moment, he even wondered if his eyes were playing a trick.

“What amazing Attributes!”

Cola stared at the Titan Guard with wide eyes. Originally, he had been somewhat reluctant to part with the Dragonscale Shield, but he fell in love with the Titan Guard at first sight.

Fragmented Legendary items were practically myths in God’s Domain. Although the Titan Guard was an Epic item right now, he could upgrade it to Fragmented Legendary rank once he gathered 100,000 Magic Crystals. He’d even dare to provoke a Mythic monster with the shield equipped, not to mention a Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species.

Furthermore, even at Epic rank, Titan Guard’s Attributes and Skills were far more impressive than the Dragonscale Shield’s.

A moment later, everyone moved into position and prepared to deal with the Rock King and its Rock Guards. Even from over 100 yards away, the team members could feel the Rock King’s terrifying aura.

Their breath quickened.

This was especially true for the melee players.

The Rock King’s massive frame, 30-meters tall, loomed like a tall building. They did not doubt that they could die instantly should they fail to cope with its attacks appropriately.

“MTs, start the raid!” Shi Feng shouted once everyone was ready.

With Shi Feng’s command, Cola, Turtledove, and Ye Wumian exploded into action, charging at the Level 60 Rock King and Rock Guards separately.

The moment the MTs were within the monsters’ 100-yard perception range, the three Bosses, which stood at the altar in the center of the encampment, opened their crimson eyes.

The instant the three Bosses opened their eyes, Shi Feng activated Thunder Domain to suppress the Rock Giants. However, the ability wasn’t as effective, only suppressing the Rock King and Rock Guards’ Basic Attributes by 20%.

Even after Thunder Domain activated, the Rock King had 180,000,000 HP.

Thunder Domain’s suppression enraged the Rock King. The Guardian Boss bellowed and flexed its arms. It then slammed its fists against the ground.

Boom!

Upon impact, the ground shattered and a powerful shockwave radiated away from the Rock King.

Like a tidal wave, the ground around the Rock King rose over ten meters high as it surged towards Cola and the others; the earth tsumani’s length was impossible to avoid.

Tier 3 Spell, Earth Pulsation!

Seeing this, the MT trio did not dare to be careless as they immediately activated their Lifesaving Skills.

Protection Blessing!

Shield Wall!

The healers on the rear-line instantly began to cast magic shields and HoT (heal-over-time) Spells on the three MTs.

Upon colliding with the Rock King’s Earth Pulsation, the magic shields protecting Cola and the others shattered, and the three MTs were thrown over a dozen yards backward. When their bodies slammed into the ground, their HPs began to decrease rapidly. Only after falling past the 50% threshold did their HPs stop.

Seeing this, Gentle Snow and the others gasped.

A single hit had devoured over half of their three MTs’ HP. Moreover, this was after they had activated their Lifesaving Skills. Without their Lifesaving Skills, the MT trio would have died.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had only sent these three first.

“MTs, secure aggro! Healers, use everything you have on the MTs! Everyone else, only attack after the MTs have the aggro!” Shi Feng remained unfazed. After all, this was merely the Rock King’s opening attack.

Although he had never raided the Rock King personally, he had watched recordings of numerous Thunder Island contests. He was very familiar with the island’s Guardian Bosses. He knew all of their Skills and weaknesses.

Two factors made the Rock King a particularly challenging foe: Meteor Bombardment and Life Division. Both were powerful team-wipe moves. If these not dealt with appropriately, these Skills would annihilate a team. Players would not even have a chance to escape. Compared to those two moves, the Tier 3 Earth Pulsation was child’s play. Otherwise, the Rock King would not have been publicly acknowledged as one of the three strongest Bosses on Thunder Island.

Hearing Shi Feng’s command, everyone went into action. Cola secured his aggro on the Rock King and started to kite the Guardian Boss in circles, while Turtledove and Ye Wumian lured the two Rock Guards far away from the Guardian Boss. Meanwhile, Solitary Nine and Dark Madness assisted Turtledove and Ye Wumian in kiting the Rock Guards.

However, a Grand Lord was still a Grand Lord at the end of the day. Even if Thunder Domain weakened the Rock King and Rock Guards, their Movement Speeds and Attack Speeds were still superior to the Great Lord ranked Rock Giants’.

When the three Bosses attacked the MTs with their palms, it looked as if they were swatting flies. Each of their palms was easily eight yards across. Despite Cola and the others’ promotions to Tier 2, they struggled to dodge the Bosses’ attacks and were hit from time to time.

Turtledove and Ye Wumian were somewhat lucky. Due to their Lifesaving Skills still being active, they only received around -8,000 damage when they blocked the Rock Guards’ normal attacks. Cola, however, was not as fortunate.

When the Rock King slapped him, Cola angled his shield, forcing the Rock King’s palm to slide off as he deflected the attack, but he still received over -12,000 damage. Fortunately, Cola’s HP had risen to 73,000 after switching to the Titan Guard, which allowed him to nullify an attack every 20 seconds.

Thank goodness I switched to the Titan Guard. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to tank this thing.

The more Cola employed the Titan Guard, the more he fell in love with it.

In his opinion, the extra HP and damage nullification were secondary. The paralysis reduction effect was the shield’s true power.

The 30% paralysis reduction allowed him to dodge and block the Rock King’s attacks more easily. Without that effect, he wouldn’t be able to react in time to block the second attack even if he blocked the first and reduced its damage. He’d have to receive the full brunt of the Rock King’s attacks, and if that happened, he wouldn’t be surprised to suffer -30,000 damage with a successful block.

The Rock King was no pushover, either. The Archaic Species’ bloodline gave the Rock King higher Attack Speed and reaction speed than the other Rock Giants. As a result, it could strike Cola twice, worsening the paralysis effect the Guardian Knight suffered.

When the Rock King’s third attack descended, Cola couldn’t move into position to deflect the attack in time, having no choice but to block the attack with the full breadth of Titan Guard.

Suddenly, a blue flash struck the Rock King’s descending palm.

Boom!

The impact deviated the Rock King’s attack trajectory, its palm strike landing half a yard away from Cola.

“Guild Leader!” Aqua Rose and the others were shocked.

Shi Feng had dealt the blow that deviated the Rock King’s attack, yet despite taking a hit, he had only lost a little over 10,000 HP. He had received less damage than Cola when the MT deflected an attack.

The most impressive aspect of the counterattack was that Shi Feng didn’t show any signs of suffering paralysis. The Sacred Sword he wielded only trembled slightly.

Players had to rely on their own Attributes on Thunder Island, prohibited from using any Berserk Skills, yet Shi Feng had still accomplished such an astounding feat…