Chapter 1512 - Strategic Tool

Chapter 1512 – Strategic Tool

“Guild Leader, what did the Boss drop?”

When Aqua Rose and the others saw Shi Feng’s joy, they knew that something amazing had dropped.

“The loot consists mainly of materials and equipment, but we also got lucky enough to obtain a Bronze Speedboat and a Skill book for the Tier 2 Healing Spell, Holy Prayer,” Shi Feng said, smiling. “On top of that, the boss dropped something that will help us take another monster encampment.”

Everyone gasped when they heard Shi Feng’s reply.

They could not believe that the loot would be so frightening.

Not even the various superpowers had a Bronze Speedboat yet, but they did. If this matter went public, the other Guilds would die with envy.

As for the Tier 2 Holy Prayer, it could rival a dozen or so Healing Spells when used in a team. It could easily sell for several thousand Gold on the market.

But none of these items were worth the attention compared to an item that could help them secure another encampment.

Although they were confident of claiming another encampment with their 50-man team, that was assuming they had enough time. With less than half of the contest’s duration remaining, it would be very difficult for them to finish another raid in time. This was because their opponents wouldn’t be limited to monsters, but players as well.

The various superpowers had already begun to raid their second encampments. Meanwhile, Thunder Island only had 17 monster encampments available. This limited how many they could raid. Moreover, as time passed, the superpowers that successfully secured a second monster encampment would try for a third. If their team could not clear out an encampment fast enough, the other teams on the island would target them.

They’d face far more powerful opponents than Nine Dragons Emperor.

Yet, despite knowing this, Shi Feng had determined that they could secure another encampment with the help of a particular item. One could just imagine how valuable this item was.

“Alright, we’ve had enough rest. Aqua, contact Phoenix Rain and tell her to send 50 players to defend the Orc encampment. We’ll prepare to secure another encampment in the meantime,” Shi Feng hurriedly instructed. He had no intentions of explaining the Thunder God’s Charm in detail.

The Thunder God’s Charm was an extraordinary item. Shi Feng didn’t expect them to be lucky enough to obtain it from their first Guardian Boss kill.

Even after raiding the encampments numerous times, only a few superpowers had secured a Thunder God’s Charm in the past. Meanwhile, the superpowers that had Thunder God’s Charms had banded together and monopolized Thunder Island. After which, only superpowers with Thunder God’s Charms qualified to join the island’s co-managers.

Unlike the Thunder Emblem, the Thunder God’s Charm would not suppress enemies’ Basic Attributes. In fact, it was a Dark-Gold necklace without any Basic Attribute bonuses. The necklace only had one Skill—Thunder God’s Blessing.

When activated, Thunder God’s Blessing would give all allies within a 30-yard radius the Thunder God’s Power buff, allowing everyone’s attacks to deal 100% lightning damage to the island’s monsters. At the same time, monsters would receive a stackable Electrified debuff when struck. Each debuff stack would reduce monsters’ reaction speed, Attack Speed, and Defense by 3% for 6 seconds, stacking a maximum of 10 times.

The Thunder God’s Blessing had a 2-hour duration and 4-hour Cooldown.

With the Thunder God’s Charm, a team’s overall combat power would rise to a whole new level when raiding monster encampments. This was also why the superpowers with Thunder God’s Charms had an absolute advantage over those who did not.

Now, Shi Feng had both the Thunder Emblem and the Thunder God’s Charm.

Even if he had a small team and had wasted a lot of time earlier, he could secure another encampment with these two items.

“You still want to raid another monster encampment?” Phoenix Rain was stunned when Aqua Rose contacted her. For a moment, she did not even know how to react. “There are only two monster encampments left, but they’re pretty far away from your location. Those monsters are also the most difficult of any of the island’s encampments. Are you really intending to raid one of them?”

In her opinion, Shi Feng’s successful procurement of one encampment was already a miracle. She was satisfied with the result. As for securing another encampment, she didn’t even dare to consider the option.

“Mhm. Phoenix Pavilion Master, please tell your players to hurry. If we wait any longer, other Guilds might try to raid those two encampments,” Aqua Rose said, nodding. She then disconnected the call.

“Big Sis Rain, isn’t this a little too risky? Ignoring the fact that they’ll disrupt the other Guilds, those two encampment’s Guardian Bosses are Level 60 Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species; they’re impossible to raid. In addition, each of the Guardian Bosses has the protection of two Specialized Grand Lords. With a 50-man team…” Blue Phoenix said worriedly.

The difficulty of dealing with those two encampment’s Guardian Bosses was precisely the reason that the other superpowers, even those who had spawned close to the encampments, had decided to save them for last.

It was one thing if Shi Feng’s team wasted a lot of their time trying to raid the encampments, but there would be consequences if they gave the other superpowers an advantage.

“I don’t know. But there isn’t much we can do since Zero Wing had made its decision. Let’s just send some people over for now. The more time we waste, the more difficult their raid will be,” Phoenix Rain said, shaking her head. She simply could not understand why Shi Feng tried so desperately.

Immediately, Phoenix Rain led 50 of the Phoenix Pavilion’s core combatants to the Orc encampment.

After the ten minutes or so it took Phoenix Rain’s group to arrive, Shi Feng opened a Spatial Gate and transported his team to the Rock Giant encampment. Among the various monster races on Thunder Island, the Rock Giants had the highest Defense.

The various Guilds’ scouts outside of Thunder Island quickly detected the movement and related the news to their superiors.

“Zero Wing’s members are wildly arrogant. Just because they defeated Nine Dragons Emperor, they think they can raid an encampment that the superpowers have hesitated to challenge?”

“They want to take on the Rock Giant encampment with only 50 players? Do they really expect the raid to be so easy?”

“Once we secure our second encampment, we’ll teach Zero Wing a lesson.”

…

The various superpowers merely laughed at Zero Wing’s attempt to raid the Rock Giant encampment.

A Level 60 Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species was no laughing matter. Even with the five ancient tower buffs, it was impossible to raid the Guardian Boss without a 200-man team. Furthermore, two Specialized Grand Lords protected the Guardian Boss.

In other words, raiding the Rock Giant encampment would require at least 300 players. Rock Giants possessed immense Strength, HP, and Defense. If one wished to raid the encampment safely and swiftly, they’d require a minimum of 400 players. This was also why the various superpowers had left this encampment for last.

The various superpowers welcomed the news of Zero Wing attempting to clear out the monsters around the Guardian Boss. It would save them a lot of time.

Meanwhile, when Eternal Dead received the news, he could not help his sneer.

As far as he was concerned, Shi Feng was simply trying to prove Zero Wing’s strength to their Super Guilds in hopes that they’d change their minds.

This was undoubtedly a childish move. It was a joke to think that Zero Wing could raid an encampment that even the various superpowers found challenging with only 50 players.

…

Meanwhile, inside the Rock Giant encampment, Shi Feng activated the Thunder Domain upon arriving. He then equipped the Thunder God’s Charm and activated Thunder God’s Blessing.

Suddenly, a dark-blue magic array formed beneath everyone’s feet. The Thunder God’s Power then infused every player in range, arcs of blue electricity flicking around their bodies.

“Cola, Turtledove, Ye Wumian, you three will lure everything except the three Bosses! We’ll finish them all in one go!” Shi Feng ordered after glancing at the time.