Chapter 1518 - Magic Workshop

Chapter 1518 – Magic Workshop

The Rock King’s loot did not shock only Shi Feng and his team. Even the players watching the encampment from outside of the island drooled when they saw the small mountain of items.

“Isn’t the Rock King only an Archaic Species? Why did it drop so many items?”

“By the looks of it, there should be more than 150 items!”

“If I had that loot, I could make a fortune overnight by selling them!”

…

Everyone felt a deep jealousy of Zero Wing as they looked at the Rock Giant’s loot.

The Rock King was a Level 60, Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species. The most common item would drop would be at least Level 50-plus Fine-Gold Equipment. If one were lucky, it might even drop Level 50-plus Dark-Gold Equipment.

Even Super Guilds and super-first-rate Guilds’ experts would drool over Level 50-plus Fine-Gold Equipment, not to mention Dark-Gold Equipment.

Epic items were simply too rare. Not even superpowers’ peak experts necessarily had one.

At a glance, they could spot over 30 weapons and pieces of equipment among the loot. One could just imagine how valuable that miniature mountain was.

The various superpowers’ experts were very close to Level 50 and urgently trying to collect Level 50 top-tier equipment for the Level 50 large-scale Team Dungeons.

Now that Zero Wing had all of these weapons and pieces of equipment, it would gain a definite advantage over other Guilds when raiding large-scale Team Dungeons.

…

Meanwhile, in the Rock Giant encampment, Shi Feng began to organize the loot once he recovered from his shock. He left the remaining two Rock Guards to Turtledove, Ye Wumian, and the arriving Tier 2 NPCs.

Although the Rock Guards were Specialized Grand Lords, they were no longer a threat to the two MTs under the suppression of the encampment’s magic array. It was only a matter of time before they fell.

By the time two Rock Guards died, Shi Feng finished going through the loot.

The abundance of the Rock King’s loot had greatly exceeded Shi Feng’s expectations.

In total, the Rock King had dropped 183 items. Among them, 55 were super-rare materials, 71 were Gemstones of various kinds, 24 were Magic Scrolls, and 32 were weapons and pieces of equipment. The most inferior of the weapons and equipment was Level 50 Fine-Gold rank, while the best items were three Level 55 Dark-Gold Weapons. Each of these weapons could easily fetch over 1,000 Gold on the market.

However, what surprised Shi Feng most were the three pieces of the Breaker Set, a Level 55 Dark-Gold Set Equipment.

The Breaker Set was an eight-piece set equipment for the Berserker class. Normally, it only dropped in super-large-scale Team Dungeons. Shi Feng had never expected the Rock King to drop Level 55 Dark-Gold Set Equipment.

Moreover, the Breaker Set was a unique Dark-Gold Set Equipment. If players collected two or more pieces of the set, the set’s level requirement would decrease by five levels. This meant that Level 50 players could equip the items.

In terms of Basic Attributes, the individual pieces of the Breaker Set were only slightly weaker than Level 50 Epic Equipment.

The Guardian Boss had also dropped a piece of Epic Growth-type Equipment called the Soul Robe.

The Soul Robe wasn’t restricted to a specific class, although its Skills and Attributes were suited for healers. When equipped, the robe increased the potency of the wearer’s Healing Spells by 5%. The robe also offered the Passive Skill, Soul Fluctuation. This Passive Skill would recover the wearer’s Mana even when in combat.

This Skill was akin to an everlasting Mana Recovery Potion during battle. With this Skill, a healer could support their allies without worrying about Mana.

When Shi Feng shared the Soul Robe’s Attribute Panel with the team, it earned a round of gasps.

During the game’s early stages, players didn’t place much importance on their Mana, but as they reached higher levels, their Skills and Spells increased in both quantity and quality. As a result, their Mana consumption increased as well. The higher tiered a Skill or Spell was, the more Mana it consumed. Hence, if players wanted to raid Bosses, the Soul Robe was a must-have item.

Following which, Shi Feng handed the Soul Robe to Violet Cloud.

Whether players were up against other players or monsters, a powerful healer on a team was of the utmost importance. Giving the robe to Violet Cloud was undoubtedly the wisest decision. Not only would it improve her healing, but she’d also have an easier time managing her Mana. She’d have more leeway when choosing Spells and could maximize the team’s survivability.

However, the last item the Rock King had dropped was the only one that truly attacked Shi Feng’s attention.

The Magic Workshop Design!

For a moment, Shi Feng even wondered if he were hallucinating as he gazed at the thick, dusty tome in his hands.

The Magic Workshop was one of the three major buildings players could construct in a Guild Residence, but only a small number of Guilds had ever constructed one for themselves in the past.

The first reason was the Magic Workshop Design’s low drop-rate. Normally, only Level 60-plus Mythic Field Bosses had a sliver of a chance of dropping the design. Unfortunately, Mythic monsters were exceedingly rare in the fields.

The second reason was the construction materials. The main materials to construct the Magic Workshop were incredibly rare and precious. The list even included Seven Luminaries Crystals, the design requiring 200 units. That was the equivalent of four to six hundred Seven Luminaries Crystals…

This was why, even after obtaining the design, most Guilds had been unwilling to construct the building.

With that many Seven Luminaries Crystals, one could set up a relatively large Mind Space.

However, the Guilds that had built the Magic Workshops had proven that the sooner they did so, the more beneficial it would be to the Guild’s development.

The Magic Workshop had a wide range of use. Chief among them was Magic Scroll production. The Magic Scrolls on the market were generally attack, defense, or summoning scrolls. Meanwhile, the Magic Workshop could produce Support Scrolls. These scrolls were tierless and similar to players’ buff Spells and Skills.

Only, the buffs didn’t increase players’ Basic Attributes, Magic Resistance, or Defense. Instead, the buffs improved aspects of a more intrinsic in nature.

For example, players could see farther, hear clearer, and react faster. These buffs allowed players to exhibit more of their own strength, covertly helping them become stronger.

It was similar to the difference between a Refinement Realm expert and an ordinary expert. Even if both players had the same Basic Attributes, their combat power was vastly different.

The Support Scrolls fell into two main categories: individual support and team support. They were extremely useful when exploring the maps and raiding Dungeons.

Unfortunately, players needed to gather the required materials before paying the Magic Workshop’s NPCs to produce the scrolls for them.

But after obtaining the Support Scrolls, players’ leveling speed and survivability would improve significantly.

These scrolls effectiveness depended on the Magic Workshop’s rank. The higher a Magic Workshop’s rank, it would produce a wider variety of and stronger Support Scrolls. However, it was not easy to upgrade a Magic Workshop. This was another reason that Guilds were recommended to construct the building as soon as possible.

In the past, a rumor had floated around stating that the Support Scrolls from a 7-star Magic Workshop would grant an ordinary expert the temporary ability to contend with a Refinement Realm expert on equal footing.

However, Shi Feng had never seen or heard of any Guild successfully upgrading their Magic Workshop to seven stars. The highest rank he had seen was a 5-star Magic Workshop.

Even so, a 5-star Magic Workshop could improve Guild members’ strength by leaps and bounds.

Many of the first-rate Guilds that had hesitated to construct their Magic Workshops after obtaining the design had regretted their decisions.

After Shi Feng finished examining the Magic Workshop Design, he stored it in his bag, afraid that he would lose it accidentally.

After dealing with the Rock Giant encampment, Shi Feng didn’t attempt to raid another encampment. He simply guarded the Rock Giant encampment while waiting for the contest to end.

They simply didn’t have enough time to raid another encampment, and Thunder God’s Power was still on Cooldown. Without the Thunder God’s Charm’s Skill to assist them, it would take a very long time for their 50-man team to raid an ordinary monster encampment, not to mention the remaining encampment that had a Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species as a Guardian Boss.

Meanwhile, the Sacred Temple, which raided its third encampment, encountered an unexpected problem. Halfway through the raid, Miracle attacked the Sacred Temple and stole the encampment, becoming one of the only two Guilds on Thunder Island to secure three monster encampments.

“Hahaha! Despite their arrogance, the bastards from the Sacred Temple ended up with only two encampments, just like us!” Blackie could not help but laugh when he heard this news.

The rest of the team nodded and expressed their agreement.

The Sacred Temple had looked down on Zero Wing and displayed zero sincerity in their negotiations. It would be a lie to say that they hadn’t been insulted Although the Sacred Temple wasn’t an enemy, they were still delighted over the Super Guild’s setback.

While Zero Wing’s members chatted, the system eventually notified players that the contest on Thunder Island had come to an end. At the same time, the magic barrier around Thunder Island disappeared. Everyone on the island was then teleported out of the contest area to Thunder Town.

Yet, even after arriving in Thunder Town, no one showed any signs of relaxing. Instead, they shifted their gazes towards the large, stone monument erected in the center of the town plaza.

After the Thunder Island contest ended, the system would rank the various participants by their performances. The ranks would then determine each power’s status and authority on the island. Hence, all of the involved upper echelons were incredibly nervous.

“Quick, look! The system is releasing the ranks!”

Slowly, words began to appear on the stone monument.