Chapter 1529 - War Between Countries

Chapter 1529 – War between Countries

As Zero Wing’s members teleported into Bewildering Forest Town, their arrival caused a commotion that swept through the town.

“Zero Wing’s members have arrived?”

“What a powerful aura! As expected from Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild!”

“What?! Black Flame is here, too?!”

…

As Bewildering Forest Town’s players watched Zero Wing’s team approach the town’s ramparts, they unconsciously moved aside, opening a path for these experts.

“Guild Leader, Zero Wing’s members are so high-leveled! They’re all Level 45 and above!” The Star Alliance’s Flourishing Willow couldn’t help but gape at Zero Wing’s team. “Wait, look! There are Level 50 players among them! Aqua Rose and the other dozen or so core members are actually over Level 50!”

Flourishing Willow was a top-tier expert in the Star Alliance, and she had been leveling quickly in a neutral map, reaching Level 47. Based on her calculations, she could rank among Star-Moon Kingdom’s top 20 players, and that included the players who hid their levels.

However, she had never imagined that the Zero Wing had would have several dozen players that had higher levels than hers. Among them, over a dozen players were above Level 50…

“Level 50?” Galaxy Past, who stood beside Flourishing Willow, turned to look at Shi Feng and his team. This news was truly surprising. “What about Black Flame’s level?”

He did not doubt Flourishing Willow’s words in the slightest. Although Zero Wing’s members wore Black Cloaks and hid their levels, Flourishing Willow had learned a super-rare Identification Skill that could see through a Black Cloak’s concealment.

Level 50 was a significant threshold for players. Not only would weapons and equipment’s quality spike, but players could also challenge their Tier 2 Promotion Quests.

There was no doubt that Zero Wing’s members had already begun to challenge these quests. Given enough time, they could even start raiding Level 50, 100-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons and super-large-scale Team Dungeons. It was what all the various large Guilds focused on right now. It was relevant to their Guilds’ development due to the various special construction designs and Construction Upgrade Orders that dropped from these Dungeons.

“I can’t see it…” Flourishing Willow said, shaking her head. “I don’t know why, but when I try to inspect him with my Skill, all I get is an ‘Unknown.’ Black Flame must have a high-rank concealment tool on him. At most, my Skill can see through ordinary concealment tools.”

“As expected of the individual even the Secret Pavilion takes care around, but at least we know a portion of Zero Wing’s strength.”

Galaxy Past could not help his rueful sigh. He truly found it hard to imagine that in just a few short months, Black Flame and Zero Wing would transform from unknown existences into Star-Moon Kingdom’s current giant. He shot Heaven’s Burial’s members a glance as they took their positions on another section of the town’s ramparts.

Galaxy Past had to admit that Star-Moon Kingdom was an ominous area. Not only had it given birth to an existence like Zero Wing, but it had also been the birthplace of Heaven’s Burial. For a while now, Heaven’s Burial had enjoyed great success in the Orc Empire’s neutral maps. Now that it had the financial support of a large corporation, its overall strength even exceeded first-rate Guilds’ like the Star Alliance.

With Zero Wing and Heaven’s Burial fighting over Star-Moon Kingdom, Galaxy Past had been forced to give up on his endeavors in the kingdom, shifting his focus to different kingdoms. If the Star Alliance had continued to compete with these two Guilds, it might not even retain its status as a first-rate Guild by the end of the year.

…

Meanwhile, on Heaven’s Burial’s side of the rampart…

“Guild Leader Singular, is that the Zero Wing you mentioned earlier?” a muscular man with a blood-red cape and a whitebone scimitar on his back asked as he watched Shi Feng and the others.

“Mhm.” Singular Burial nodded.

“It’s no wonder why Zero Wing can thrive in Star-Moon Kingdom. It has so many Level 45-plus players. Their team can practically rival a super-first-rate Guild’s main force,” the muscular man said, smiling. “Guild Leader Singular, why don’t we use this opportunity to annihilate their group?”

If Star-Moon Kingdom’s players heard this muscular man’s question, he’d be labeled a fool.

However, when Heaven’s Burial’s members heard the man’s words, their response was matter-of-fact.

“Young Master Lei, please don’t act so rashly. The city’s defense is our current goal. We’ll have plenty of opportunities to take care of Zero Wing in the future,” Singular Burial hurriedly stated. “Zero Wing won’t be able to continue prancing around for much longer.”

The muscular man before him was none other than Lei Jingyang, the heir of the corporation backing Heaven’s Burial. He was also the virtual gaming world’s famous Young Master Lei. Lei Jingyang had established the Thunder Workshop, one of the top Workshops in the virtual gaming world. Super-first-rate and Super Guilds even commissioned the Thunder Workshop’s help on occasion.

Although the Thunder Workshop only had several hundred members, every member was an expert Lei Jingyang had personally poached from various organizations. The Thunder Workshop had also performed miracles in multiple virtual reality games and stood against Super Guilds. At one point, numerous super-first-rate and Super Guilds had even entertained the idea of taking out the Workshop.

However, Lei Jingyang’s identity was extraordinary. Considering that and how powerful the Thunder Workshop was, these superpowers eventually dismissed this notion.

Once Lei Jingyang had joined God’s Domain, he had become unstoppable. With the support of his corporation, he quickly increased his Workshop’s member count to several thousand and achieved plenty of feats in the Fire Dragon Empire, one of the Four Great Empires in God’s Domain.

Naturally, Lei Jingyang earned his arrogance, even when facing Zero Wing.

Singular Burial was absolutely certain that if he didn’t stop Lei Jingyang now, Bewildering Forest Town would become a bloodbath later.

“Alright. But if Zero Wing gets too close, don’t blame me for killing a few of them,” Lei Jingyang said, fighting spirit flashing in his eyes as he scanned Shi Feng’s group.

Singular Burial was speechless when he saw Lei Lingyang’s excitement. He knew that this man wasn’t specifically targeting Zero Wing. He simply wanted to fight its experts. His attitude was well-known in the virtual gaming world. In fact, Lei Jingyang had even challenged a Super Guild’s Guild Leader in the past.

…

Meanwhile, as Shi Feng led Zero Wing’s members to one of the massive ramparts around Bewildering Forest Town, he noticed Heaven’s Burial, a little surprised by what he saw.

“Guild Leader, is there something peculiar over there?” Fire Dance asked when she noticed Shi Feng staring at Lei Jingyang’s group.

“It’s nothing. I just realized how deep Heaven’s Burial’s roots are,” Shi Feng said, chuckling. After one last look at Lei Jingyang, he stopped caring about Heaven’s Burial’s group entirely.

He knew something about Lei Jingyang. In the past, the man had been known as the Tempest Wargod in God’s Domain. Backed by the corporation behind him, Thor’s Hammer, the Guild he established in God’s Domain, had gained public recognition as a super-first-rate Guild just three years after its creation. Shi Feng had never expected to find this man among Heaven’s Burial’s people.

…

Just as everyone quietly observed the various major powers in Bewildering Forest Town, the sky above and around the town abruptly darkened. Suddenly, thousands of Orcs began to march out of the forest a short distance away from the town. For a moment, the combined bloodlust the Orcs radiated caused the players standing on the town’s ramparts to shudder involuntarily. Moreover, these Orcs were all above Level 40, with the highest at Level 65. There was no lack of Grand Lord ranked Orcs amidst the army, either.

“What is this?” The scene stupefied every player watching.

In this moment, the players on the ramparts finally understood what war truly meant. Even Zero Wing’s members, who had taken part in multiple siege wars, could not help their shock.

The siege wars they had experienced were a joke compared to the force they were about to face. In the face of this Orc army, even 500,000 Evil Beasts would be child’s play.

Unlike the Evil Beast army, these Orcs moved in well-organized rows. Even from afar, one could see the clear division between the Orcs’ frontliners, healers, and ranged attackers. More importantly, the Orcs dragged siege weapons, such as Catapults and Battering Rams, with them. At a glance, there were easily over a hundred Catapults lining up at the edge of the forest.

Such a force even surprised Aqua Rose and Zero Wing’s other main force members, who had experienced hundreds of fierce battles.

This was nothing like the monster siege they had imagined.

Before the defending players could wrap their minds around the situation, sounds of warhorns rang out from the forest. Immediately, the Orcs began to surge from the forest’s edge fervently. Every one of them had gained a status buff…