Chapter 1520 - Change In Positions

Chapter 1520 – Change in Positions

“The Battle Wolves plan to renegotiate with Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing?” A frown appeared on Eternal Dead’s solemn face when he heard Quiet Melody’s words. “I understand. Tell the Battle Wolves that we’ll leave negotiations to them. If the Battle Wolves decide to accept Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing’s conditions, we won’t argue.”

He had hoped to teach Zero Wing the difference between their Guilds, but he never expected this kind of outcome.

Together, Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing had actually outperformed the Sacred Temple.

Now, he had no choice but to lower himself and reopen negotiations with Shi Feng.

“Understood.”

Quiet Melody nodded. Eternal Dead’s reply didn’t particularly surprise her. After all, he had climbed to the Guild Leader’s position with the unanimous support of the previous Guild Leader and various Elders because he always kept the Guild’s best interest in mind.

Rather, Quiet Melody was curious about Zero Wing.

Very few existences in the virtual gaming world were capable of forcing Eternal Dead to admit defeat. It would seem that Zero Wing had become one of them.

…

While everyone was shocked about Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing’s rank, the stone monument in the plaza continued to reveal the following ranks.

In the end, the Sacred Temple ranked fourth in the contest, obtaining 15% of the Large Repair Yard’s shares and 50% of a Small Shipyard’s shares.

The Nine Heavens Pavilion came in fifth. At fifth place, the Super Guild acquired the final 10% of the Large Repair Yard’s shares and 50% of a Small Shipyard.

The crowd paid little attention to the remaining ranks since sixth place and below hadn’t earned any shares of Thunder Island’s Large Repair Yard. In fact, they weren’t even granted any control of a Small Shipyard. They only gained the right to vote for Thunder Island’s development path and temporary teleportation arrays.

Meanwhile, after the ranks were announced, news quickly reached the ears of the various naval forces outside of Thunder Island.

“What?! The Phoenix Pavilion was the dark horse in the competition and even surpassed the Sacred Temple and Nine Heavens Pavilion!?”

“I recall that Phoenix Rain had secured two monster encampments. She should have four temporary teleportation arrays now. Since Firmament betrayed her, and Zero Wing only needs one, she should have two teleportation arrays to spare. If we ally ourselves with Phoenix Rain, we might have a chance of obtaining one of them!”

“Thank goodness we didn’t agree to work with Nine Dragons Emperor. We would’ve lost any hope of befriending Phoenix Rain!”

…

The various first- and second-rate naval Guilds quickly took note of Phoenix Rain’s remaining teleportation arrays.

Unlike Phoenix Rain, the other superpowers had already reserved their extra temporary teleportation arrays for their allies. Some superpowers had even failed to meet their original goals and acquire enough teleportation arrays. On the other hand, one of Phoenix Rain’s partners had betrayed her, so it was entirely possible to ally with her team and obtain one of the arrays.

…

“Big Sis Rain, several large Guilds with relatively powerful navies have contacted us, stating that they’re willing to work under you. However, they have requested a temporary teleportation array in return,” Blue Phoenix excitedly announced. “In addition, several superpowers have congratulated us, stating that they would find time to negotiate cooperation in the future. The Battle Wolves have also sent a representative to reopen negotiations regarding cooperation on Thunder Island.”

Although the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion was a super-first-rate Guild, Phoenix Rain could only mobilize a small portion of the Guild’s power. Hence, before today, very few naval forces had been willing to ally with her.

The various superpowers were of a similar opinion.

Now, however, first- and second-rate naval Guilds and superpowers began to pay attention to Phoenix Rain. Even the Battle Wolves wanted to reopen negotiations. Blue Phoenix had never imagined this outcome.

“Ye Feng, the Battle Wolves have sent an invitation. What is your opinion on the matter?” Phoenix Rain asked Shi Feng softly, who stood beside her.

She was fully aware that Zero Wing was the only reason she enjoyed such treatment. Furthermore, their relationship had long since grown past that of an employer and employee to a partnership.

Since the Battle Wolves had taken the initiative to reopen negotiations, she had to seek his opinion on the matter.

“Let them wait for a bit. We’re not in a hurry,” Shi Feng said, smiling. He was not particularly surprised by the situation. “Instead, we should focus on recruiting strong naval forces. Only by doing so can we increase our overall strength quickly.”

Cooperating with the various superpowers would only benefit them on Thunder Island. On the other hand, by recruiting the naval forces that needed a temporary teleportation array, they could bolster the ships sailing under their banner. With this, grinding for Thunder Passes would become much easier.

“Let the Battle Wolves wait?” Phoenix Rain was taken aback when she saw Shi Feng’s serene expression.

The Battle Wolves was a bona fide Super Guild. It had also occupied three monster encampments during this contest. Many large Guilds would die for the opportunity to cooperate with the Battle Wolves, yet Shi Feng wanted to reject the Super Guild’s offer…

“Mhm. Once we begin operating our Small Shipyard, we’ll have a greater advantage in the negotiations,” Shi Feng said, nodding.

“Alright, then. I’ll let them know,” Phoenix Rain agreed, finding no flaws in Shi Feng’s reasoning.

To forge iron, one needed a sturdy hammer. Even if they proposed the conditions they deserved, the Battle Wolves wouldn’t necessarily agree.

Once they were sufficiently powerful, the Battle Wolves and Sacred Temple would offer the appropriate conditions.

…

“What? She rejected the offer? She’s even told the Battle Wolves to wait for her answer? What is she trying to do?” When he read the report containing Phoenix Rain’s reply, Eternal Dead was confused. “Has she lost her mind?”

In his opinion, the fact that he and the Battle Wolves had even agreed to reopen negotiations was incredibly generous, yet Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing had rejected the offer.

“Guild Leader, what should we do?” Quiet Melody asked.

“We wait. If they don’t come looking for us, we won’t seek them out, either. I refuse to believe that Phoenix Rain and Zero Wing will sit by and do nothing,” Eternal Dead replied seriously.

…

While the various powers chatted about the contest, Phoenix Rain and Shi Feng’s group ventured to Thunder Island’s Town Hall and selected their Small Shipyard and Small Repair Yard. They also registered their Guilds for the respective temporary teleportation arrays.

Guilds that had registered their teleportation arrays could teleport members between Thunder Island and their Guild Residences for a small fee. They wouldn’t have to waste the time traveling by ship.

In addition, although the Small Shipyard and Small Repair Yard were not as effective as their Large counterparts, they were more than enough for current players.

Once they finished dealing with those issues, Shi Feng used a Return Scroll, leaving Thunder Island.

The most important thing he needed to deal with was the Magic Workshop’s construction.

Although constructing the Magic Workshop would put a dent in the Guild’s coffers, the building would quickly pay for itself. Moreover, the Magic Workshop’s value to the Guild would grow as the game progressed. Now that he had the design for the building, he had to erect it as soon as possible.

…

While Phoenix Rain and Shi Feng had completed the necessary procedures, Nine Dragons Emperor had watched from a short distance away, glaring daggers at the two players.

After Shi Feng’s group left from the Town Hall, Nine Dragons Emperor opened his mouth and asked, “Martial, have you made contact with Beast Emperor yet?”

“Rest assured, Pavilion Master; Beast Emperor has guaranteed that Zero Wing will soon be removed from God’s Domain,” Martial Dragon said.

“Good. Once his people are ready, we’ll take action. I can no longer stand to watch Zero Wing survive!” Nine Dragons Emperor hissed, a cold glint flashing in his eyes.

…

Meanwhile, as Shi Feng made his way to the Candlelight Trading Firm after returning to White River City, the sound of a system notification reached his ears.

…

System: Congratulations! The construction of your city in Witch’s Hill is complete. Please check and ratify the construction within three days. If you fail to do so, the constructed city will be discarded.