Chapter 1527 - Guild'S New Benefits

Chapter 1527 – Guild’s New Benefits

“This place is our Guild’s new city?”

“The Mana density here is amazing! Although it’s still no match for Stone Forest Town’s, with this place being so large, at least the city won’t be as crowded as Stone Forest Town.”

“Wait, something’s not right! Look around! There doesn’t seem to be any Magic Towers here! The Mana present here should be something the city naturally gathered by itself!”

“What?! A city is actually so much stronger than a town?! If Magic Towers are constructed inside the city, won’t the Mana density here become much higher than even Stone Forest Town’s?!”

After Zero Wing’s members exited the Guild Hall and observed their surroundings, they quickly noticed a marked difference between a Guild town and a Guild city. This was especially true in the case of Mana density.

Everyone was already sure that Zero Wing City would become overcrowded with players.

Just how much resources did the Guild Leader invest in building this city?

Aqua Rose was indescribably shocked when she looked at the city around her.

Although she knew that a Guild city would be much better than a Guild town, she had never thought the disparity would be to such a degree.

With the high Mana density in the city, the city would attract not only a large number of expert players to visit but also Lifestyle players. In the future, there would be no need to worry about Zero Wing being unable to recruit capable experts and Lifestyle players.

After a moment of shock and awe, Aqua Rose had the elite members she brought begin accepting the city’s patrol quests. As for herself, she took the 200 architects to meet up with Shi Feng at an empty plot of land in the city.

“Guild Leader, I’ve brought all the available architects in the Candlelight Trading Firm over already,” Aqua Rose reported quietly as she looked at Shi Feng, who was currently surveying the terrain of the city.

“They’re all here?” Shi Feng muttered to himself as he sent a glance at the architects standing some distance behind Aqua Rose. Nodding in approval, he continued, “Advanced Architects, come forward.”

Immediately, 40-odd players stepped forward nervously. Among them, nearly 30 were male and over a dozen were female. Although the levels of these players ranged between 24 to 35 only, if placed in a first-rate Guild, any one of these players would definitely receive VIP treatment.

In the Candlelight Trading Firm, however, they were merely normal members. After all, the Candlelight Trading Firm already had Master Lifestyle players at the helm. Compared to them, Advanced Lifestyle players were insignificant existences.

Meanwhile, when these Advanced Architects looked at Shi Feng, who had disguised himself using the Demon Mask, their eyes were filled with reverence and excitement. After all, the man before them was none other than Black Flame, the Guild Leader of Zero Wing. At the same time, he was also the number one expert of Star-Moon Kingdom.

They might have the qualifications to act proudly in front of the Guild Leaders of any other Guild. After all, those Guild Leaders were definitely no match for themselves in terms of subclass development. However, it was a different story for their own Guild Leader. Even in terms of subclass development, their Guild Leader was an existence they had no choice but to look up to.

The reason for this was their knowing that their Guild Leader had already become a Master Forger some time ago. Now, one could say that he was the bona fide number one forger in Star-Moon Kingdom.

“Excellent. From now on, you all will be tasked with constructing Zero Wing City’s Advanced Constructions. If any among you isn’t an inner member, you can come to me to sign the contract to become one. If any of you does not wish to become an inner member, you may return to the group behind.” Shi Feng was considerably surprised at the number of Advanced Architects present. He had not expected that after not seeing Melancholic Smile for some time, the woman had actually recruited many more Advanced Architects.

Moreover, among the Advanced Architects present, he managed to spot three familiar figures.

One of them was a middle-aged man named Happy Mo, who looked to be in his 40s. He wore a monocle and radiated an indescribably calm feeling. The second person was a muscular youth named Boiled Fish, who carried a scimitar on his back. As for the last one, she was a short-haired beauty named Wind Chimes.

In the past, all three of these players were very famous architects in Star-Moon Kingdom. To be precise, they were part of the top ten architects in Star-Moon Kingdom. Only, these three players all belonged to first-rate Guilds.

Shi Feng had never imagined that these three people had actually joined Zero Wing this time.

Among the three, Happy Mo was the strongest. In the past, he had constantly pushed his limits in order to become a Grandmaster. Unfortunately, the rank of Grandmaster was not easily attained. At the very least, the amount of help a first-rate Guild could provide towards reaching this rank was minimal. Happy Mo had never managed to become a Grandmaster Architect.

After everyone heard Shi Feng’s words, most of the Advanced Architects that had joined the Candlelight Trading Firm recently chose to sign the contract right away. Only Happy Mo, Boiled Fish, and Wind Chimes remained hesitant, exchanging glances with each other. After a moment, as if having come to an agreement, they nervously turned to look at Shi Feng.

“Guild Leader, if we become inner members, can we use our GCPs to exchange for a private house inside the Guild city?” Happy Mo, who was the eldest among the three, stepped forward and asked carefully.

Although Shi Feng looked younger than himself, the feeling the man gave off was akin to that of a prehistoric beast. While standing in such close proximity, Happy Mo found himself growing breathless. In the past, when he heard others mentioning such a reaction, he had simply taken their words as jokes. Only after personally experiencing this feeling did he realize that those words were no joke.

At this moment, he felt as if he would be doomed forever if he made even the slightest mistake.

Upon hearing Happy Mo’s question, everyone nearby could not help but perk up their ears. They never thought that Happy Mo would be so courageous as to propose such a demand to the Guild Leader.

“Are you all interested in the private houses of Zero Wing City?” Shi Feng asked as he looked at Happy Mo’s group of three.

“Mhm. The environment here is quite good. I feel that if it is here, my research would be more successful,” Happy Mo stated.

Boiled Fish and Wind Chimes nodded their heads in agreement. Initially, the three of them had considered living in Stone Forest Town. However, after taking a look at Zero Wing City, they felt that this place was much better. Even if the Mana density in the city was not comparable to Stone Forest Town’s right now, they had a feeling that Zero Wing City would very quickly surpass Stone Forest Town as time passed.

“That’s not a bad suggestion. Since you’ve already raised it, I’ll use this opportunity to talk about the new benefits Zero Wing and Candlelight will be offering. From now on, members may use their GCPs to exchange for private houses in the Guild’s towns and cities. However, there is a restriction, which is that only elite members of Zero Wing and official members of Candlelight are qualified for this exchange. As for the pricing, you can ask Melancholic about it in a while,” Shi Feng said.

In reality, the matter Happy Mo had raised was a problem commonly seen in the past. After all, whether it was a Guild town or city, the amount of land available was limited. Generally, Guilds would try to attract as many visitors to their towns or cities as possible. At the same time, in order to maximize the town’s or city’s income, they would construct only a small number of private houses, opting to build hotels and other facilities instead. Hence, private houses could not simply be bought just because one had the funds to do so. This was especially true for popular towns and cities.

However, in order to attract and recruit independent experts and capable Lifestyle players, Guilds would still build some private houses to use as bait, making them available for exchange using GCPs only.

When Shi Feng mentioned about this new benefit, cheers immediately erupted from the crowd before him.

“What?! The Guild Leader is so generous!”

“All hail the Guild Leader!”

“Hahaha! With this, I will also have an opportunity to own a private house in Zero Wing City! When I get one, my friends will definitely die of envy!”

Currently, the various large Guilds were all trying to earn as much money as possible from their Guild towns to further develop themselves. Hence, they would only construct a few private houses for show. It was simply impossible for Guilds to offer these private houses as a Guild benefit. As for the private houses in popular Guild towns, even Guild upper echelons might not be able to get their hands on one.

Yet, now, Lifestyle players like themselves actually had the opportunity to exchange for private houses in Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one town and number one city. They felt as if they were dreaming right now. Although they also knew that the price would not be low, at the very least, they had a chance—a much greater chance of obtaining one than if they were an outsider.

If news of this matter were to spread, it would no doubt cause a commotion in the entire Star-Moon Kingdom. Even the neighboring kingdoms and empires might be affected.

Shi Feng faked a cough to silence the excited crowd before him. He then said, “Alright, now that that’s dealt with, once you sign the contracts, you all will start researching this item together,” and took out a thick book from his bag.

This book was none other than the Four Towers of Elements Design, which he had obtained from the Fallen Ark.