Chapter 1530 - Despairing Gap

Chapter 1530 – Despairing Gap

“Why are there so many monsters?”

“Is this really a monster siege? Why does it feel more like a war between NPCs?”

“Quick, look! The NPC soldiers’ levels have dropped!”

Everyone felt their scalps tingle as they watched the tsunami of Orcs surge out of the forest. Before they realized it, the Level 100-plus NPC soldiers defending Bewildering Forest Town had fallen to Level 70. Even the guard captains fell to Level 75.

Seeing this, everyone felt a chill grip their hearts.

Level 70-plus NPCs would only have a small advantage over the Level 60-plus Orcs. Trying to defend the town with just a little over 2,000 NPCs would be a dream.

As a result, the various large Guilds’ original plan to rely on the NPCs shattered.

“Guild Leader, there are too many Orcs. It’s impossible to stop them with Bewildering Forest Town’s current defenses. Should we retreat?” Flourishing Willow’s expression darkened after she inspected the Orc army with her Identification Skill.

The weakest of these Orcs was a Level 40 Special Elite. There were also a large number of Great Lord ranked Orc Warriors and Grand Lord ranked Orc Captains. Most importantly, this army was marching towards the town from three different directions, and Level 65 Mythic ranked Orc Generals led the siege on each side.

This level of combat power simply could not be stopped by a weakened town’s defenses. The only defensive structures the town had were Arrow Towers, which were far weaker than Catapults. In such a situation, trying to stop several million Orcs with 300,000-plus elite players was a joke.

“Let’s wait and see. If victory is impossible, we’ll retreat.” Even Galaxy Past felt the building pressure.

He had assumed that this battle would devolve into a struggle for Boss kills, but just defending the town against the low-ranking Orcs would be a miracle, much less trying to compete for the Mythic Bosses. Whoever tried to fight the Bosses while surrounded by so many Orcs would be begging for death.

The other Guilds also adopted a wait-and-see attitude.

Suddenly, over a hundred, massive fireballs began to rain down on Bewildering Forest Town.

“Crap! Dodge the attacks!” the various Guilds’ upper echelons shouted, their expressions darkening when they saw the fireballs.

The fireballs had come from the distant Catapults. If players were struck by the Catapults’ attacks, there would only be one outcome—death!

Although players tried to move out of the attack’s trajectory, over 300,000 players had gathered in Bewildering Forest Town. The town was so cramped that even normal movement was difficult. As a result, these players could only watch as the massive fireballs descended.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

A series of explosions echoed throughout Bewildering Forest Town.

Before the fireballs struck the town, the town’s defensive magic array stopped and scattered the attack. However, as a result of the explosions, the barrier shook violently and began to crack. Fortunately, due to its supply of Mana, it recovered quickly.

Everyone in the town breathed a sigh of relief. Had the 100-plus fireballs landed, the consequences would’ve been unimaginable.

However, as the magic barrier dealt with the fireballs, the Orcs and their Battering Rams reached the edge of the barrier outside of the town’s ramparts. They attacked. As a considerably fortified town, magic runes strengthened the town’s ramparts, and these walls could take more punishment than the magic barrier. However, the Orcs’ Battering Rams specialized in breaking down walls and gates.

Sure enough, the Battering Rams’ magical pikes pierced the magic barrier and struck the wall around the town, leaving multiple marks.

“Everyone, focus on the Orc’s Battering Rams! Do not let them break through the town’s magic arrays and walls!” the various upper echelons shouted.

Reacting immediately, players launched their attacks from atop the town’s walls, raining down countless arrows and Spells on the Orcs below. However, as if some barrier protected the Battering Rams and reduced incoming damage, the attacks only dealt several hundred damage. Very few players dealt over -1,000 damage.

This amount of damage barely affected the Special Elite ranked Orcs, who had several hundred thousand HP, much less the Chieftain, Lord, and Great Lord ranked Orcs, whose HPs were in the millions.

Even when the players launched large-scale destruction Spells and AOEs, the effects weren’t ideal. At most, these attacks removed some of the Special Elites. The Chieftains and above were still alive and kicking even after the bombardment. As a result, the magic barrier’s energy reserves steadily decreased.

Although the Orcs’ attacks were within the range of the defensive magic array’s endurance, the large number of Orc attacks quickly depleted the magic barrier’s energy reserves. Furthermore, the Battering Rams’ relentless attacks had already begun to crack the town’s walls.

In contrast, the defending players had only eliminated a small fraction of the army despite their constant assault. The Orc army still covered the plains around the town as far as the eye could see. The Catapults constant bombardment also illuminated the night sky above Bewildering Forest Town.

…

“Young Master Lei, at this rate, it is only a matter of time before the Orcs break through the town’s defensive magic array and ramparts. Once the Orcs enter the town, the town’s teleportation arrays will shut down. I suggest that we retreat,” Singular Burial said, frowning as he watched the Orcs below the ramparts. “It is impossible for current players to complete this defensive quest.”

Just the Orc Warriors and Captains before them were discouraging, let alone the Mythic ranked Orc Generals who were slowing approaching.

Aside from their numbers, the Orcs had a buff that reduced all incoming damage. Even if several thousand players attacked a single Great Lord together, they would need a considerable amount of time to defeat it.

“Alright, let’s retreat.”

When Lei Jingyang noticed that the various large Guilds had begun to flee, he shook his head helplessly. He might be a battle maniac, but he was no fool. He could tell that the Main God System had never had any intention of letting players succeed in this defensive battle. Otherwise, the system wouldn’t have weakened the Level 100-plus NPC soldiers. Continuing this fight would be futile.

…

“Guild Leader, Heaven’s Burial has begun to retreat,” Flourishing Willow reported.

“It seems that this war is lost. Let’s leave as well,” Galaxy Past said. As Galaxy Past gave the command to retreat, however, something caught his attention. “Hm?”

Surprisingly, even after the various large Guilds had begun to flee, Zero Wing’s members continued their zealous assault against the attacking Orcs and Battering Rams. The team’s clearing speed was far superior to the other large Guilds as every member dealt over -1,000 damage. Some of Zero Wing’s players even dealt several thousand damage with each attack.

“They’re staying?” Galaxy Past watched Zero Wing’s members in confusion.

Currently, less than 100,000 players remained in Bewildering Forest Town. Moreover, more players fled with each passing second, yet Zero Wing’s members had chosen not to retreat and continued to attack even though the town’s defensive magic array and walls could shatter at any minute.

…

“Zero Wing still acts so tough even now?” Lei Jingyang, who currently stood below the town’s walls, revealed a contemptuous sneer as he watched Shi Feng, who remained on the ramparts. “Just for the sake of keeping up appearances as the number one Guild, he’s ordered his Guild members to throw away their lives. It seems that Zero Wing isn’t as impressive as they say.”

In his opinion, Zero Wing was merely trying to maintain its reputation as Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one Guild, being the last Guild to leave the battle.

“Do they really think they can perform some miracle with just 1,000 players? Young Master Lei, let’s leave.” Singular Burial laughed as he moved towards the town’s Teleportation Hall.

Following which, one Guild after another left the town. In minutes, only Zero Wing remained.

…

“Guild Leader, the other Guilds have left,” Aqua Rose reported as she inspected Bewildering Forest Town’s situation. Only Zero Wing’s members occupied the town.

“Good. Let’s begin.” Shi Feng then turned to Cola beside him, and said, “Cola, Turtledove, Ye Wumian, you three will be the lead MTs. We’re targeting the Orc Warlord!”

Although he did not have any experience dealing with Orcs’ sieges, he had watched several videos of such in the past. The fact that the Orcs had dispatched this massive of a force to deal with Bewildering Forest Town didn’t surprise him in the least. In fact, he had expected it. After all, this was a war between countries. It wouldn’t be unexpected if the battle dragged on for several days.

However, there was a method to end this war swiftly: slay the enemy commander. This method might be difficult for other Guilds, as even approaching the enemy commander was nearly impossible, but it wouldn’t be difficult for him.

Following which, Shi Feng activated Spatial Gate, aiming for the Orc army’s temporary base of operations at the army’s rear.