Chapter 1541 - Mysterious Zero Wing

Chapter 1541 – Mysterious Zero Wing

“Uncle Yuan, what happened? Is it so urgent that there isn’t any time for me to have a spar?” Purple Jade asked as she looked at Yuan Tiexin curiously. They had agreed that she would have a few sparring matches with Zero Wing’s experts. Yet, now, after speaking a few words with Shi Feng, they were already taking their leave. This situation truly confused her.

She knew full well that the capture of an Orc city was not under Yuan Tiexin’s management. He had simply said those words to Shi Feng as an excuse to leave.

“The Guild Leader has just messaged me that I need to return to handle something. As for sparring with Zero Wing’s experts, you can do that inside the simulation training system. Moreover, Zero Wing has just obtained another ten black cards. With this, Zero Wing’s main members will definitely log into the training system more frequently. You can spar with them at any time,” Yuan Tiexin replied, smiling.

“A direct order from the Guild Leader? What happened?” Purple Jade was slightly surprised upon hearing this.

The Guild Leader of the Secret Pavilion rarely ever commanded a specific person directly. Generally, he would leave the selection of personnel to the Vice Guild Leaders to deal with. Only for extremely important matters would he personally assign someone to handle them.

“Our men have discovered a treasure land. This location is much more precious than a single Orc city. The Guild Leader wants us to claim it as quickly as possible to avoid losing it to other Guilds. Moreover, I’m not the only one the Guild Leader has given this command. Several other Elders of the Guild are being mobilized as well. As a precaution, we should start making preparations early. As soon as God’s Domain’s system update completes, we’ll immediately lead our forces over to that place,” Yuan Tiexin said, a hint of excitement in his voice.

“Even the Guild’s Elders need to go?” Purple Jade was even more surprised to hear this.

Since the Secret Pavilion had entered God’s Domain, this was the first time an operation had warranted the mobilization of multiple Elders and a large portion of the upper echelon.

…

Meanwhile, inside the lobby, when Fang Tianji saw Yuan Tiexin’s group leaving, he could not help but sigh ruefully.

Although the White Tiger Dojo was famous, the partners it was able to find were only first-rate Guilds. Super-first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds paid no attention whatsoever to the White Tiger Dojo’s request for partnership.

Yet, now, the Secret Pavilion, a transcendental existence that the White Tiger Dojo currently could not even hope to have dealings with, had actually sent one of its Elders to visit Zero Wing.

At the same time, Fang Tianji also felt that this was a good opportunity.

Previously, Zero Wing was already the number one Guild of Star-Moon Kingdom. Now, he had even discovered that Zero Wing possessed a close relationship with a transcendental existence like the Secret Pavilion. If he could rope Zero Wing to their ship, he would definitely elevate his and Jiang Tianyuan’s positions in the White Tiger Dojo.

After all, the White Tiger Dojo was currently placing considerable importance on God’s Domain, so much so that it had started paying more attention to the game than to nurturing fighters for fighting competitions. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have suddenly started a mass-expansion towards even second- and third-tier cities.

“Mister Fang, Head Instructor Shi is currently waiting in Reception Room One. Please follow me,” Liang Jing said in a somewhat awkward tone as she looked at Fang Tianji, who was currently pondering in silence.

“Alright,” Fang Tianji answered hurriedly as he snapped out of his daze.

Following which, Fang Tianji and Xie Qiwen followed Liang Jing to Reception Room One.

Inside the exquisite reception room, Shi Feng currently sat on a leather sofa while sipping a cup of tea. As he sat there, he gave off an indescribably quiet and peaceful feeling—as if he was one with his surroundings.

Meanwhile, when Fang Tianji entered the room, he could not help but be stunned when he noticed Shi Feng’s presence.

Is he really a youngster in his early 20s?

Such a thought suddenly popped into Fang Tianji’s mind as he looked at Shi Feng.

The feeling he got from Shi Feng was something he had only ever felt coming from Jiang Tianyuan. However, Jiang Tianyuan was an expert who had experienced countless battles. Jiang Tianyuan was also the pride and legend of the White Tiger Dojo.

At this point, even Fang Tianji was far from capable of melding himself with his surrounding environment.

“Well? What are you here for this time?” Shi Feng said as he looked at Fang Tianji and Xie Qiwen.

“Hello, Head Instructor Shi. My name is Fang Tianji, an instructor at the White Tiger Dojo,” Fang Tianji said, smiling as he introduced himself. “As for the purpose of our visit this time, it is to discuss matters of cooperation.”

“Cooperation? What kind of cooperation? If it’s still the same as last time, I believe I’ve already stated my conditions to you very clearly.” At this moment, Shi Feng was no longer that interested in the deal Jiang Tianyuan had offered him.

Nurturing 500 sixth-floor experts in one month was a considerably difficult task. Right now, he did not have that much time to spare.

“You…!” Xie Qiwen’s complexion darkened immediately when he heard Shi Feng’s words.

On the other hand, Liang Jing turned pale at this sight. She felt that Shi Feng was going too far with his actions. After all, the other party represented the White Tiger Dojo. Not even Chairman Xiao dared to blatantly reject a request from the White Tiger Dojo.

If they provoked the White Tiger Dojo, the consequences would simply be unimaginable.

However, before Xie Qiwen could get anything else out of his mouth, Fang Tianji immediately stopped him.

“Previously, our people failed to state things clearly to you, so the fault is on our side,” Fang Tianji said, still smiling. “However, this time, we have come with sincerity. As long as you can help us nurture 500 sixth-floor Trial Tower experts, you are free to state your price.”

Fang Tianji’s words dumbfounded Liang Jing and Xie Qiwen.

Liang Jing had never imagined that the White Tiger Dojo, which normally did not take even the Chairman of Big Dipper seriously, would actually use such a polite tone with Shi Feng.

Meanwhile, Xie Qiwen was feeling even greater shock than Liang Jing.

Fang Tianji of the White Tiger Dojo was a true killing god. Aside from those holding the position of Branch Hall Master and above, nobody in the White Tiger Dojo dared to go against Fang Tianji’s words.

“You’re letting me set the price?” Shi Feng was a little surprised. He had never thought that the White Tiger Dojo would change attitudes so quickly.

“Of course, as long as it is a price the White Tiger Dojo can afford.” Fang Tianji nodded.

“Alright. I don’t want much, just 100 bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids,” Shi Feng stated.

“This…” Fang Tianji found himself in an awkward position. Although he had said that Shi Feng could set the price, he had never expected the latter to be so brazen as to ask for such a high price.

“Big Bro Tianji, he is clearly toying with us!” Xie Qiwen could not help but explode in anger when he heard Shi Feng’s words.

Did Shi Feng think S-rank Nutrient Fluid was tap water?

Even a branch dojo would not receive 100 bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids in an entire year. Only the main branch could take out so many bottles at once. However, these S-rank Nutrient Fluids were normally prepared for international competitions. It was simply impossible for them to spend so many just for a game.

“Is 100 bottles too much for you?” Shi Feng could not help but ask when he saw the troubled look on Fang Tianji’s face.

“This… It really is beyond of our capabilities,” Fang Tianji said, cold sweat dotting his furrowed brows.

Although Jiang Tianyuan’s position in the White Tiger Dojo was very high, the man could draw only 30 bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids at a time. Even if he bankrupted himself, he wouldn’t be able to gather 100 bottles.

“Alright, then. Sixty bottles, and not a bottle lower!” Shi Feng said, sighing. “Otherwise, you will have to find someone better for the job.”

“What do you think of…” Before Xie Qiwen could even finish his sentence, Fang Tianji had already placed a hand on his shoulder. His body suddenly felt heavy, and his mouth couldn’t utter any more words.

“Head Instructor Shi, it is also going to be very difficult for us to get you 60 bottles. How about this? We are willing to pay you 50 bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids in addition to 20 million Credits. This is already the limit of what we can offer. You should also know that S-rank Nutrient Fluids are not sold anywhere on the market and can be obtained only through internal channels. Even the White Tiger Dojo can get only a small amount each year,” Fang Tianji said seriously after taking a deep breath.

Upon hearing Fang Tianji’s words, Xie Qiwen felt as if the man sitting beside him right now was definitely an actor. There was simply no way the person beside him was the real Fang Tianji.

Those were 50 bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids they were talking about!

“Fifty?” Shi Feng fell into deep thought. After some time, he said, “Alright, I can agree to your proposal. However, I will not accept payment in installments.”

Zero Wing was currently in urgent need of S-rank Nutrient Fluids. If he could get those 50 bottles now, they would undoubtedly help Fire Dance and the others improve much more quickly. He could also help them develop their potential early on.

Fang Tianji could not help but fall speechless at Shi Feng’s words. At the same time, however, he also inwardly breathed out a sigh of relief.

Following which, Fang Tianji signed a contract with Shi Feng, agreeing to deliver 50 bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids and 20 million Credits within five days. As for the 500 White Tiger Dojo apprentices to be nurtured by Zero Wing, he would send Shi Feng a list of names after he logged back into God’s Domain.

With the negotiations completed, Fang Tianji left together with Xie Qiwen to report back to Jiang Tianyuan.

As for Shi Feng, after taking a look at the time, he noticed that God’s Domain’s system update was already completed. He immediately returned to his room and logged back into the game.