Chapter 1603 - Destruction Crystal

Chapter 1603 – Destruction Crystal

What is this thing?

The closer Shi Feng got to the hovering energy bead, the heavier his body felt. He even felt somewhat dizzy, his mind growing fuzzy. He felt as if his control over his own body had dulled as if it no longer belonged to him.

This was the first time he had ever experienced such a sensation in God’s Domain, both in this life and the previous one.

If players merely lost some Attributes, they’d, at most, feel physically powerless, but their mind wouldn’t be affected.

Yet, despite his unchanged Basic Attributes, his overall combat power had decreased by at least 80%. At this point, even an ordinary Tier 2 player could easily kill him.

“It’s best if you don’t get too close to this thing.” When Shi Feng was less than a yard from the energy bead, Seliora raised her hand to stop him.

Hearing Seliora’s warning, Shi Feng obediently retreated from the energy bead. He only regained control of his body after he had left the void zone. He couldn’t help but stare at the energy bead in shock.

It was too strong!

If he could wield this power, using it on the battlefield against other players, he’d become truly invincible. While the energy bead didn’t suppress Basic Attributes, it significantly reduced players control of their bodies, and regardless of how high a player’s Attributes were, they’d become a helpless child when subjected to the energy bead’s mental suppression.

“This isn’t something you can withstand at your current power. If you try to touch it, you’ll lose your life on the spot. Even if you are a heaven-blessed individual, it’ll still be some time before you can resurrect,” Seliora explained when she noticed Shi Feng’s dumbfounded expression.

Death upon touch? And the resurrection time is so long?

Shi Feng couldn’t help his growing curiosity over the bead’s identity. “Lady Seliora, what is this item?”

He had heard of many items that could kill players upon contact, but he had never heard of items increasing players’ resurrection time. As far as he knew, only certain Skills and high-tiered NPCs could do such a thing. The ability to absorb a player’s soul was one such example.

Yet, even after using Omniscient Eyes on the energy bead, the bead’s inscription still said ‘Unknown.’ He couldn’t even get a name.

“This is a Destruction Crystal, formed from the Power of Destruction. Not only can it destroy physical material, but it can also destroy souls. If even a strand of this Power of Destruction taints an Immortal Soul, it will need a long time to recover,” Seliora explained as she watched the hovering, black bead. “Although the Destruction Crystal is currently inactive, even the weak energy it’s radiating is dangerous to you.”

After her explanation, Seliora began to chant an incantation, writing several lines of divine runes in the air as she did so.

In seconds, the divine runes encased the Destruction Crystal. With a wave of her hand, Seliora sent the hovering crystal to Shi Feng.

“You can consider this Destruction Crystal as an unexpected reward. Use it during a crucial moment to save your life, but be careful when you do. If not handled properly, you might sacrifice your own life during the process,” Seliora gravely warned Shi Feng. “Alright, you can leave now. I’ve gained a significant boon from recasting the Disintegration Armor, so I need to rest and process the information. Since I don’t wish to be disturbed, I’ll be leaving White River City for some time.”

Shi Feng stored the Destruction Crystal and nodded to Seliora before taking his leave.

Although it seemed as if Seliora hadn’t done much, as a Master Forger, Shi Feng was familiar with the delicacy of reestablishing the Disintegration Armor’s magic circuits. The process would even exhaust a Grandmaster Forger like Seliora.

After leaving Seliora’s smithy, Shi Feng could no longer bottle his curiosity as he inspected the Destruction Crystal in his bag.

…

[Destruction Crystal] (Consumable)

Sealed by Seliora. When unsealed, unleashes the Power of Destruction in a 1,000-yard radius.

…

A 1,000-yard AOE?

Shi Feng’s jaw dropped when he read the introduction text.

The Destruction Crystal’s AOE was even stronger than Tier 4 large-scale destruction Spells, but unlike these Spells, which could be cast from a distance, the Disintegration Crystal would explode the moment the seal was lifted. Even if a player threw the thing when they activated it, they’d be lucky to get it 100 yards away and would still get caught in the AOE.

Meanwhile, the Power of Destruction would damage both the physical body and the soul. If this power killed a player, the consequences would be even more severe than if their Immortal Soul were absorbed…

It was no wonder why Seliora warned him to take care when using the Destruction Crystal.

I mustn’t use this unless it’s absolutely necessary.

When Shi Feng recalled the feeling of standing too close to the Power of Destruction, his heart skipped a beat.

However, now that he had dealt with the Disintegration Armor, his Basic Attributes were free of its suppression. Moreover, he no longer had to worry about Mutated Orcs targeting him out in the fields. He could now execute his plans without worry.

As Shi Feng prepared to visit Zero Wing City to check on its situation, his system communicator rang.

Phoenix Rain?

Shi Feng could not help his curiosity when he saw the caller ID.

Phoenix Rain had been very busy lately. After gaining control of a portion of Thunder Island, she had quickly taken advantage of the opportunity to grow her faction’s strength. In addition, she still had to keep an eye on Nine Dragons Emperor. She should be busy as hell, without a minute to spare, yet she was contacting him.

Naturally, Shi Feng picked up the call.

“Ye Feng, I’ve just received some important information. You should be very careful of Heaven’s Burial,” Phoenix Rain said somberly. “Since Nine Dragons Emperor gained nothing on Thunder Island due to our partnership, he’s secretly colluded with Beast Emperor. From what my subordinates discovered, Nine Dragons Emperor has only made one demand of Beast Emperor: Zero Wing’s destruction. Furthermore, Beast Emperor has deep ties with Heaven’s Burial. Now that your two Guilds are at war, Beast Emperor won’t miss this opportunity.”

“Beast Emperor?” Shi Feng frowned.

Previously, due to his focus on the war with Heaven’s Burial, he had temporarily set aside the issue of Beast Emperor and the Black Dragon Empire’s Evil God’s Temple.

If Beast Emperor really got involved in this Guild war, Zero Wing would be at a disadvantage, yet Shi Feng didn’t know the Evil God’s Temple’s exact whereabouts in the Black Dragon Empire and Star-Moon Kingdom. Beast Emperor also moved like a ghost, and right now, Shi Feng had no way of dealing with the man.

“You should also be careful of Heaven’s Burial’s Lei Jingyang. Although Lei Jingyang only leads a Workshop, the Thunder Legion under his command has quite a few Refinement Realm experts. Moreover, the Thunder Legion’s members are extremely adept in field combat. When Crimson Emperor tried to contest Lei Jingyang’s group over an ancient ruin, the Guild actually lost. Even Cuttlefish, the commander of Crimson Emperor’s trump card legion, died. It’s best if you avoid small-scale field battle with Lei Jingyang’s people,” Phoenix Rain warned.

“Even Cuttlefish lost?” Shi Feng was surprised.

Crimson Emperor was a super-first-rate Guild and in no way weaker than the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion. Naturally, Cuttlefish, who commanded the Guild’s trump card legion, was a powerful individual. Although he was not a Domain Realm expert, he had a wealth of combat experience. He was also the Guardian Knight and ranked 77th on the God’s Domain Experts List, earning the nickname ‘Iron Wall.’ In a one-on-one fight, even Domain Realm experts would struggle to kill him. Furthermore, Cuttlefish was constantly surrounded by his own experts. Shi Feng found it hard to believe that Lei Jingyang had actually killed the man.

“In any case, just be careful,” Phoenix Rain reiterated. “If you lack manpower, I’ll send Blue and a group of experts to help. I’m sure that Heaven’s Burial will hold back from doing anything drastic with the Dragon-Phoenix Pavilion’s members around.”

“Thank you for the offer, but we’ll handle this ourselves. After all, I’m sure that you have your own issues to deal with. I’ve heard that Nine Dragons Emperor has been causing quite a bit of trouble for you lately,” Shi Feng said, smiling as he rejected Phoenix Rain’s offer.

While Heaven’s Burial wasn’t an easy foe, Zero Wing was no push-over, either.

“Alright.” Phoenix Rain sighed. She felt that Zero Wing was too stubborn. Although Zero Wing had grown quite strong, it still wasn’t a match for Heaven’s Burial. Moreover, its enemy had the support of Blackwater and Beast Emperor. If this war weren’t dealt with properly, it might mean the fall of Zero Wing.

After Shi Feng disconnected the call, he contacted Aqua Rose and instructed her to gather the Guild’s internal members and the disciples from the White Tiger Dojo in White River City’s Guild Residence.

He had been preoccupied with his own matters, but now that he was free, it was time to introduce some new blood to the Guild.