Chapter 1730 - Magic King’S Ability

Chapter 1730 – Magic King’s Ability

Inside the silent Guild Hall, Shi Feng could not help but be stunned when he looked at the system announcements he just received.

…

System Announcement: The Orc King has obtained the Ironblood Staff and unified the various Orc Tribes. Activating the Regional Dungeon Orc Capital City.

System Announcement: The Orc Empire has begun its invasion of its neighboring countries and constructed many Teleportation War Fortresses.

System Announcement: The Orc Empire has joined the Dark Alliance. The Orc Empire is now classified as a Glory Battlefield.

…

Shi Feng wasn’t the only person shocked by the appearance of these three system announcements. The players residing within the Orc Empire and its neighboring countries were all stunned by these sudden announcements.

A Regional Dungeon, fortresses, and a Glory Battlefield? Is the system trying to turn the entire Orc Empire into a warzone?

Shi Feng could not help but frown as he studied the contents of the system announcements.

First of all, the Orc Capital City. The quantity and quality of resources available inside a Regional Dungeon located in a neutral map were far better than what Regional Dungeons located within kingdoms and empires could offer. Not to mention, the Orc Capital City was an Asura Mode Regional Dungeon. Setting aside the quality of the weapons and equipment one could obtain from it, just the Magic Crystals one could get there would make it a target of competition for the various large Guilds. Moreover, the Orc Capital City’s level limit started from Level 50 and ended at Level 100. A Regional Dungeon that covered such a wide level range was extremely rare in God’s Domain.

In the future, the large Guilds would definitely contest fiercely for the Orc Capital City.

Aside from the Regional Dungeon, the Teleportation War Fortresses would most likely become a fuse that would ignite a war between the major powers as well.

The Orc Capital City was located in the core area of the Orc Empire. Just traveling from the outer area to the core area would most likely require dozens of hours. However, the Teleportation War Fortresses could shorten this travel time to just a few seconds.

This was possible because of the teleportation arrays set up in these fortresses, which could teleport players to anywhere within their range, just like the Four Towers of Elements. These fortresses were scattered around the inner and outer areas of the Orc Empire. As long as players could capture these fortresses from the Orcs, they could directly teleport to the core area of the empire, possibly even to somewhere close to the Orc Capital City.

For this reason, the various large Guilds would definitely do everything they could to capture these War Fortresses.

Aggravating the situation in the Orc Empire even more, the Orc Empire had actually joined the Dark Alliance. With this, not only could players belonging to the dark forces move about fearlessly within the Orc Empire, but they would even receive help from the Orc Empire itself.

Moreover, now that the entire Orc Empire had been classified as a Glory Battlefield, Dark Players and normal players would be after each other’s necks constantly inside the Orc Empire.

The reason for this was the Glory Points that players would earn from killing players of the opposing faction. Meanwhile, these Glory Points could be used not only to exchange for top-tier equipment but also to obtain battlefield titles.

These battlefield titles were much more valuable than any weapon or equipment. In fact, they could even aid players in their promotions.

Hence, whenever a Glory Battlefield appeared, a festival of blood would ensue and continue until one side was completely defeated. Moreover, the losing faction would have to pay a very steep price.

Due to these reasons, both factions would usually fight with everything they had.

As Shi Feng tried to process all these sudden developments, his head ached.

The appearance of an Asura Mode Regional Dungeon should have been a good thing. However, the timing of the Dungeon’s appearance only served to further boost the value of Silverwing Town in the eyes of the various major powers. To make matters worse, even the dark forces were intervening in the affairs of the Orc Empire, throwing the empire into even greater turmoil.

If Zero Wing was not careful, it was very likely to fall victim to the struggles of the various major powers.

At this moment, Shi Feng wasn’t the only person troubled by this sudden turn of events. After finding out about the changes made to the Orc Empire, the upper echelons of many large Guilds also held emergency meetings to discuss how to deal with this situation.

Meanwhile, the Dark Guilds and Dark Players hiding within the different kingdoms and empires all grew ecstatic upon receiving the system announcements.

Their time had finally come!

Although neutral maps were not restricted by any kingdom or empire, they still weren’t friendly to the dark forces. Dark Players would have a much more inconvenient time leveling up in neutral maps than normal players. However, now that the Orc Empire had joined the Dark Alliance, the entire empire became the territory of Dark Players. They would have a much easier time moving in the Orc Empire than in other NPC kingdoms and empires. In fact, they could even teleport directly into the Orc Empire.

Moreover, they also wouldn’t have to keep sneaking around and hiding their identities in the Orc Empire, as the Orcs were now their allies.

Now, they could not only kill other players in such a favorable environment but also earn Glory Points in doing so. The Orc Empire was basically heaven to Dark Players like them right now. Even if some independent Dark Players were not particularly interested in this matter, the various Dark Guilds would definitely exploit this situation to the fullest. After all, this was a good chance for Dark Guilds to develop themselves.

“Wonderful! This is an excellent opportunity for our Guild to establish a town!”

“Hahaha! The era of Dark Players is finally here!”

…

For a time, countless Dark Players swarmed towards the Orc Empire.

…

Ancient Rock City, Evil God’s Branch Temple:

After finding out about the latest changes of God’s Domain, Beast Emperor was also beaming with joy. Although the Evil God’s Temple had no allies in God’s Domain, that did not mean he could not take advantage of this sudden development. There was a saying, “the enemy of my enemy is my friend.”

With the various large Guilds and Dark Players at loggerheads, he could cooperate with the Dark Players to deal with Zero Wing. Doing so would allow him to exact his revenge and destroy Silverwing Town, as well as accelerate the collection of enough Contribution Points to hasten the invasion of Star-Moon Kingdom.

“Wind, get in touch with the Dark Guilds in the different kingdoms and empires and tell them that I have a proposition for them!” Beast Emperor said, chuckling wickedly.

“Understood!” Wind Hunter nodded. He then ordered his subordinates in the Purple Thorns Empire to arrange for a meeting with the upper echelons of the various Dark Guilds.

…

Meanwhile, inside the first underground floor of Zero Wing’s Guild Hall in Silverwing Town, Shi Feng had recollected himself and returned his attention to Craig Midlands.

…

[Craig Midlands] (Hero, Great Lord, Wizard Saint)

Level 66

HP 36,000,000/36,000,000

Growth Potential: 96

…

As one of the 32 Pillars, Craig Midlands had completed the God’s Trial and gained the recognition of Ancient Gods for his achievements and strength. He possessed not only immense power but also some abilities that other Heroes did not.

In the past, the Hero Shi Feng summoned using the Specified Hero’s Chapter he obtained had only one ability.

Nonetheless, Craig Midlands had two of such special abilities.

The first ability was called Hero’s Glory, which facilitated the recruitment of powerful NPC soldiers for the town Craig Midlands was residing in.

The second ability was called Magic Strengthening, which temporarily strengthened the weapons and equipment used by the NPC guards, improving their combat power significantly.

Looking at these two abilities, Shi Feng finally understood why exactly Craig Midlands was so powerful.

It was no wonder the Magic King could easily defend a large city and become an existence that even the various superpowers were helpless against.

Just the effects of Hero’s Glory could already bring immense benefits to the town or city Craig Midlands protected, not to mention the ability to strengthen the NPC guards there. Every Guild Town and City could recruit only a limited number of NPC soldiers. Hence, raising the quality of NPC soldiers was important. However, doing so was extremely difficult.

The Magic King’s ability to directly increase the combat power of NPC soldiers was simply absurd.

Immediately, Shi Feng assigned Craig Midlands as Silverwing Town’s Magistrate. Now, not only did the NPC have authority similar to Shi Feng’s, but the Magic King could also recruit and manage NPC soldiers on his own. Shi Feng had given Craig the highest possible authority an NPC could have in a Guild Town.

Just as Shi Feng was about to have Craig start recruiting NPC soldiers, Aqua Rose suddenly sent him a message.

The contents of the message were straightforward—The foundations of the five Magic Towers have already been completed. Only the cores are missing now.

They’re done already? Sure enough, having Advanced Architects construct the Magic Towers is much better.

Shi Feng felt a little surprised as he read the message. However, after giving the matter some thought, he found it reasonable. Constructing the foundations of the Magic Tower was a joke that even Basic Architects could handle with ease, not to mention Advanced Architects. With dozens of Advanced Architects working together, it was only natural that they completed the task so quickly.

Following which, Shi Feng had the Magic King take independent action. As for himself, he left the Guild Residence and hurried to the Magic Towers in Silverwing Town.