Chapter 1838 - Fragmented Legendary Shield'S Hidden Effect Inside The Resplendent Meeting Room...

Chapter 1838 – Fragmented Legendary Shield’s Hidden Effect Inside the resplendent meeting room…

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

After Shi Feng clicked to upgrade the Titan Guard, the shield began to glow with a brilliant light that forced the players in the room to close their eyes.

By the time everyone reopened their eyes, they felt a horrific pressure wash over them. Instinctively, these players took up a defensive stance.

“What’s going on? What’s with this powerful aura?”

“Could it be from that shield? This can’t be possible, right? This aura is as intense as that of a Mythic monster.”

All of these players were experts, and they had experienced countless life-or-death battles. They had long since developed senses that surpassed that of a wild beast

If they hadn’t known that they were absolutely safe in this meeting room, they would’ve pulled out their weapons and prepared for combat

Once the intensity of the Titan Guard’s aura reached its peak, it began to fade.

So, this is a Fragmented Legendary Shield? Shi Feng was inwardly shocked as he felt the Titan Guard become lighter than it had been.

Although the shield had never been particularly heavy, holding it still restricted his movement

Now, however, the Titan Guard was as light as a feather. It felt as if the cold, tough metallic frame were merely an illusion. The shield’s hidden effect was truly frightening.

It was common knowledge in God’s Domain that shields were so large so the MTs could effectively block a Boss’s attacks. In return, the shields were considerably heavy. Of course, there were lighter shields, such as wooden or steel bucklers.

Although a buckler was easier to use and gave MTs more freedom of movement, its flaws were apparent With a buckler’s small size, blocking attacks properly was strenuous. This was especially true during a high-speed fight. Hence, the various large Guilds’ MTs usually used large, heavy shields.

However, now, not only did the Titan Guard possess a huge defensive area, but it was also light It was a dream shield for any MT.

Moreover, compared to the Titan Guard’s hidden effect, its new Attributes were truly frightening.

…

[Titan Guard] (Shield, Fragmented Legendary Rank)

Minimum Equipment Level: 50 Equipment Requirement: Strength 1,400 Attributes adjust according to user’s level.

Defense +9,450 (Level 50)

Block Rate: 39%

Strength +245, Endurance +224, Agility +190 Defend Skill +3 Levels Reaction ability +2

Strength increased by 35%, Agility increased by 30%, and Endurance increased by 30%. Ignore Levels +20;

All item level requirements reduced by 5 Levels;

When equipped:

All magic damage received reduced by 50%;

Reaction speed increased by 20%;

Paralysis effects reduced by 40%;

Frontal damage received reduced by 30%;

All Resistances increased by 30%;

Additional Passive Skill 1-

Guardian Shield: Automatically generates a layer of Guardian Energy, which can block an attack and absorb a portion of the attack’s Strength to recover user’s Stamina every 10 seconds.

Additional Passive Skill 2-

Iron Wall: Reduces the impact from incoming attacks by 50%. If attacks are of a lower tier than user, reduces damage by 70%. If attacks are of the same or higher tier than user, reduces damage by 30%.

Additional Active Skill 1-

Titan’s Heart: Generates three layers of Protective Energy that absorbs damage equivalent to ten times of wielder’s maximum HP, increases physique by 30%, reaction speed by 20%, and Movement Speed by 20% for 45 seconds. During this period, battle recovery improved by 800%, and healing received increased by 100%.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Active Skill 2-

Titan’s Will: Becomes immune to all control effects. Reduces all damage received by 95% and weakens negative effects by 90%. Increases Attack Speed by 100% and Movement Speed by 30%. Starting Movement Speed set at 80% of maximum Movement Speed.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 3 minutes

(Cannot stack with other Defensive Skills.)

Additional Active Skill 3-

Titan’s Domain: Every non-friendly target within a 100-yard radius will increase wielder’s Basic Attributes by 2%, reduces damage received by 1%, and heals wielder by 0.1% HP every second.

Duration: 1 minute

Cooldown: 2 hours

(Maximum number of targets: 100)

With these Attributes, an ordinary MT could immediately become a peak MT by equipping the Titan Guard.

“Guild Leader, how are the Attributes?” Cola asked excitedly.

“Take a look for yourself,” Shi Feng said, chuckling. He then passed the Titan Guard back to Cola.

When Cola received the Titan Guard, he noticed the change to the shield’s weight. When he saw the shield’s Attributes, even his breathing became harsh.

“Guild Leader, can we go find a Mythic Boss?” Cola asked, staring at Shi Feng with desire in his eyes.

He was like a Swordsman that had just acquired a treasured sword and was eager to test out his new weapon.

Cola had worn the best equipment in God’s Domain. Even while wielding the Epic ranked Titan Guard, he could tank a Mythic monster of the same level. Now that Titan Guard had been upgraded, he felt that he could face a Mythic monster head-on.

Of course, he knew that was a misconception. After all, a Mythic monster was still a Mythic monster.

Although he couldn’t face a Mythic monster in a direct confrontation, he was confident of tanking a Mythic monster by himself. Whether or not he could kill the monster would depend on his team’s DPS.

“Relax. You’ll have plenty of opportunities later,” Shi Feng assured his guildmate, smiling.

Shi Feng had already been roughly 50% certain that he could complete his quest in the Flame Demon’s Valley, but with the Fragmented Legendary ranked Titan Guard, his success rate had risen to 80% at the minimum.

Following which, Shi Feng had everyone switch to Fire Resistance equipment. He also allocated several All-rounded Devices, Elven Silver, and the Master ranked Fire Resistance Potion, which Silent Wonder had crafted.

His teammates were confused.

After equipping the Fire Resistance equipment, they had over 100 points in Fire Resistance. With so much, they shouldn’t have any issues raiding the current large-scale Team Dungeons with high-temperature environments, yet Shi Feng wanted them to use Master Fire Resistance potions as well…

Just where were they going?

“We’re heading to the Flame Demon’s Valley. Before we go, I have to remind you all that once we’re in the valley, you must follow me closely. You absolutely must not get lost,” Shi Feng said.

“The Flame Demon’s Valley? Isn’t that a Level 70-plus danger zone?” Aqua Rose, who was relatively familiar with God’s Domain’s maps, asked, shocked.

The other players gasped when they heard Aqua Rose’s question.

While they weren’t familiar with the Flame Demon’s Valley, they knew what a danger zone was.

The Black Dragon Empire had quite a few danger zones, as did Star-Moon Kingdom. However, they had never heard of a Guild successfully exploring either countries’ Level 30 to 40 danger zones. At most, some Guilds had played around in these danger zones’ outer regions, but they didn’t dare venture to the inner areas as death was almost certain upon entry.

While part of the reason was the danger zones’ extraordinarily harsh environments, the maps’ monsters were far more dangerous and extremely powerful.

Not only did the danger zones’ monsters have incredibly high Basic Attributes, but they also displayed very high combat standards. Even the weakest monster in danger zones had combat standards at the Trial Tower’s third floor. Meanwhile, as one ventured further into the zone, they’d face even stronger monsters. Near the inner regions, one would begin to encounter monsters that could reach the Trial Tower’s fifth floor. Just thinking about a group of several hundred of such monsters would make any expert player shudder with fear.

Yet, Shi Feng had so casually mentioned that they were about to head to a Level 70-plus danger zone. If Aqua Rose hadn’t told them about the Flame Demon’s Valley, they would’ve assumed that they were going to some ordinary map based on Shi Feng’s tone…

“Relax. I’ve already investigated the area. Once we enter, you just need to follow my lead.” Naturally, Shi Feng knew what kind of horrors to expect in the Flame Demon’s Valley. “Danger zones are also blessed maps. They are the best places to refine your skills. Don’t you want to grow stronger?”

Hearing Shi Feng’s explanation, everyone’s eyes glowed with excitement and anticipation.

While they had fought in Silverwing Town’s Battle Arena, they had realized how vast God’s Domain truly was. Although many of the challengers hadn’t been famous, their combat standards had been extraordinary. They had only managed to defeat these experts thanks to their superior equipment

Now that they had learned of a place where they could train and improve their abilities, of course, they wanted to visit it.

Shi Feng then led his team to Star-Moon City before teleporting to the Flame Dragon Empire and again to one of its border towns. In the end, Shi Feng used the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Spatial Gate to transport everyone across the remaining distance. After several hours, the team finally arrived before a valley that radiated waves of heat.

Despite just standing at the valley’s entrance, the area was hot enough to sting their skin. They did not even dare to imagine how high the temperature would be once they entered the valley.

“Guild Leader, there seem to be some people ahead,” Minor Wind, who had used Eagle Eyes to observe their surroundings, suddenly reported as he pointed at the smoke-choked path ahead of them.

“People?” Shi Feng was astonished.

Just getting to the Flame Demon’s Valley was a difficult task for current players, not to mention fighting in such a harsh environment.

“Amazing! They’re fighting a Level 72 Boss! And they’re overwhelming it!” Minor Wind exclaimed as he watched these players fight. “Guild Leader, some of our Guild members are among them!”

“Our Guild? How?” Shi Feng was even more surprised to hear that his people were present.

Following which, Minor Wind sent Shi Feng a recording.

“Why are they here?” As Shi Feng watched the video, he discovered that there really were Zero Wing members among the group.

One of them was the Elementalist Thoughtful Rain, and the other was the Cleric Blue Bamboo. Both wore Zero Wing’s sixwinged emblem. Currently, Thoughtful Rain was Level 56, while Blue Bamboo was Level 55. In terms of levels, these two could already contend with the various superpowers’ experts.

“Guild Leader, what should we do?” Aqua Rose asked.

Normally, players would be on guard when they encountered others in the fields. After all, PKs were far from uncommon. If one were not careful, other players might even mug them. Furthermore, the unexpected party was engaged in a Boss fight. They should be even more on guard.

However, the Flame Demon’s Valley only had one entrance. They couldn’t just wait until the other party finished their raid. Moreover, they had already used their All-rounded Devices, Elven Silver, and Master Fire Resistance Potions, all of which had time limits.

“Let’s wait and watch them for now,” Shi Feng said after giving the matter some thought.