Chapter 1970 - Seventh Street Sea Of Death, Thunder Island:

Chapter 1970 – Seventh Street Sea of Death, Thunder Island:

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

“Big Sis Rain, we’ve secured the Advanced Speedboat Design! Once we have the materials, we can begin production!” Blue Phoenix excitedly reported as she entered the room.

Although advanced speedboats were not particularly rare, they weren’t available in large quantities. The majority of the various superpowers’ armadas was still made up of ordinary speedboats; only the core fleets had a higher number of advanced speedboats.

Meanwhile, as players reached higher levels, the competition for resources on land grew increasingly intense. As a result, more Guilds shifted their focus to the sea every day. Since Thunder Island was the best locations to develop naval strength, new Guilds constantly arrived to take advantage of its resources. This increased competition on the island.

The Dragon-Phoenix had worried about the increasing competition, but now that it had acquired an Advanced Speedboat Design, it could further fortify its fleets’ strength by mass-producing the advanced speedboats, maintaining its lead on the island.

“It seems they completed the quest.” Phoenix Rain breathed a sigh of relief and smiled when she heard Blue Phoenix’s announcement. She then changed the topic and asked, “How are things with Seventh Street?”

“I’ve sent our nomination to the Chamber’s representative, and Seventh Street has accepted it. However, Zero Wing apparently thinks the Chamber’s asking price was too high. Unfortunately, Seventh Street has its own bottom line. Zero Wing doesn’t have claim to a lot of resources, and its territory isn’t that large. The only thing Zero Wing has going for it is its temporary victory over Miracle. Zero Wing still doesn’t qualify to join the alliance, and Seventh Street’s representative has stated that the Chamber only agrees with our nomination since you were the one who made it. Now that Zero Wing has rejected the offer, his hands are tied,” Blue Phoenix said.

“Zero Wing rejected Seventh Street?” Phoenix Rain blinked in surprise.

Seventh Street was one of the top Chambers of Commerce in God’s Domain with as many as three super-first-rate Guilds in its alliance. The alliance’s other Guilds also had the backing of powerful corporations. The Chamber had access to bountiful resources, as well. By joining the Chamber of Commerce, one would have access to a variety of conveniences, and as long as they had enough money, they could purchase rare materials in bulk. The alliance also sold valuable items that were almost never available to the public.

But Seventh Street’s connections were far more important. By joining Seventh Street, one could sell their products in the Chamber’s territories, and the Seventh Street only demanded a 15% service charge. If Zero Wing joined Seventh Street, it wouldn’t lack a market to sell its products.

Joining Seventh Street would be a golden opportunity for Zero Wing.

Yet, Zero Wing had rejected the offer…

“Mhm. Apparently, while he’s still willing to return the favor he owes us by helping in another way, he can’t do anything more about the situation.” Blue Phoenix nodded. She was just as frustrated about Zero Wing’s response.

“Alright, then. Since Zero Wing has its own plans, we’ll let the matter rest,” Phoenix Rain said, smiling bitterly. “It seems we’ll have to find some other way to pay Zero Wing back.”

She had nominating Zero Wing as a candidate for the Seventh Street’s alliance as a way of thanking the Guild for its help on Savage God Island, but the Chamber of Commerce had its own rules. She couldn’t possibly Seventh Street to accept Zero Wing.

Meanwhile, in Zero Wing City’s Candlelight Trading Firm, Shi Feng focused on learning the Void Field Magic Array’s drawing process.

Drawing Field Magic Arrays was incredibly difficult as, unlike other magic arrays, Field Magic Arrays consisted of multiple arrays. Even a Basic Field Magic Array involved two to five different magic arrays.

TheVoid Field, a large-scale Advanced Field Magic Array, consisted of twelve Advanced Magic Arrays, and all twelve had to be closely interlinked. The slightest mistake would render the link useless. The Void Field was several times more complex than ordinary Advanced Magic Arrays, as well, and even an Advanced Magician like Shi Feng was under immense pressure when attempting to draw the arrays. Just learning how to draw the twelve magic arrays individually had taken him nearly two hours.

Sure enough, this thing is amazing. It’s no wonder why it can rival Master Magic Arrays. Shi Feng took a deep breath as he examined the design in his hands.

In the past, the Void Field had even been effective against Mythic monsters.

Field magic arrays weren’t like arrays that summoned magic barriers. Magic barriers were mainly used to suppress Boss monsters, so they were even effective against high-ranked monsters. As long as one used an Advanced barrier, a team could suppress a Mythic monster. However, field magic arrays had to cover a larger area, thinning its energy distribution. Even suppressing Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species would be difficult, not to mention Mythic monsters.

Fortunately, the Void Field could manage it. Although it wasn’t as effective as an Advanced Magic Array, it could suppress an ordinary Mythic monster’s Attributes by 15% and Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species by 25%. Lower ranked monsters would be suppressed by at least 30% with a maximum of 40%, and the Void Field could cover a 3,000-yard radius.

Moreover, the Void Field could be useful in large-scale combat. Although the Void Field would be half as effective against players, a 15% to 20% Attribute reduction would be fatal, especially to expert players.

Now that he had an Inferior Legendary Quest and had to take down countless monsters that were strengthened by Primordial Gas, Void Field would be the best tool in his arsenal.

If he activated Void Field, even Tier 1 players could easily defeat Witch’s Hill’s strengthened monsters. Naturally, Tier 2 players would enjoy at least double the grinding speed.

Shi Feng then began to craft the Void Field Magic Arrays.

Void Field required incredibly precious materials, and chief among them was Void Blood. Each set of scrolls required twelve drops to produce, and only powerful Void Creatures had a chance of dropping Void Blood. These twelve drops of Void Blood would serve as the core that controlled Void Field’s twelve magic arrays.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had acquired two bottles of Void Blood after killing the Void Serpent, with each bottle containing 100 drops. If he failed to produce the Void Field, all of the Void Blood he invested would be destroyed…

The rest of the materials for the Void Field cost over 500 Gold per set, making each attempt extremely expensive. However, money was not Shi Feng’s main concern; the materials’ rarity was far more important. Hence, he needed to be extremely careful with each set of materials.

During the production process, Shi Feng had activated Soul Fire to clear his mind. Each of his strokes on the blank Magic Array Scrolls was smooth, but just as he reached the final step and linked the twelve magic arrays together, something unexpected happened.

Boom!

After a bright flash from the magic arrays, the light faded to reveal an empty table. All of the materials Shi Feng had used had disappeared. Seeing this, Shi Feng sat back and fell deep in thought

Following which, Shi Feng attempted to produce the Void Field twice more but failed both times. He couldn’t help the heartache he felt over losing 36 drops of Void Blood.

Sure enough, trying to draw the Void Field as an Advanced Magician is pushing it. After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng took a Source of Void from his bag.

An Advanced Magician would only have a 50% success rate when drawing ordinary Advanced Magic Arrays, and a much lower success rate when attempting to craft top-ranked Advanced Magic Arrays like the Void Field. If he wanted to produce the Void Field successfully, he’d have to increase his success rate.

Fortunately, an Elemental Source could do more than improve a Magic Array’s effects; it could also increase production success rate.

Everything happened as Shi Feng expected. His previous failures were due to his low success rate.

His fourth attempt to draw the Void Field was far more smooth, and the flow of Mana within the array had calmed.

After Shi Feng finished the twelve magic arrays, he began the final linking process. A short moment later, the twelve magic arrays released a dazzling light, illuminating the entire forging room.

“Was it a success?”