Chapter 2000 - Combating The Steel Puppet

Chapter 2000 – Combating the Steel Puppet

Uр.dɑted by BʘXN0VEL.cοm

The Steel Puppet stood eight meters tall and was comprised entirely of Fine Iron. It also wore thick, heavy, pitch-black armor. The Steel Puppet had two heads and four mechanical arms, each wielding a gigantic saber. Despite the Steel Puppet’s inactive state, it radiated a dreadful aura.

“The boss is finally getting serious!”

“Amazing! So, this is the Guild’s Steel Puppet?”

When they saw the colossal Steel Puppet, Sin Realm’s members recovered their senses. They no longer feared Shi Feng, but cheered with excitement.

A Steel Puppet? Shi Feng was quite surprised to see the massive construct.

Like the Guardian Puppet, the Steel Puppet was a Bronze Puppet with the Strength of an apex Tier 2 being. Its Defense was even greater than the Hell Tank’s. Like the Hell Tank and other war weapons, Bronze Puppets didn’t have HP, but durability. The Steel Puppet was capable of several times the Hell Tank’s combat power, the perfect weapon to deal with players and take down buildings.

“Ye Feng, you should be pleased! You’ll be this Steel Puppet’s first victim!” Irontooth said, sneering as he sat in the Steel Puppet’s control module.

This was the first time Sin Realm would use the Steel Puppet since obtaining it.

The Guild simply hadn’t needed to use it yet.

Operating the Steel Puppet also cost a large number of Magic Crystals. Just to activate it, one needed to store 1,000 Magic Crystals within the Puppet For every minute the Steel Puppet was operated, it would consume 50 crystals. In other words, the Steel Puppet could only operate for 20 minutes at full capacity. To make matters worse, using the Steel Puppet’s Skills would cost additional Magic Crystals.

Sin Realm hadn’t bothered to use the Puppet for these reasons, even when dealing with other Guilds.

Irontooth was only allowed to use the Steel Puppet now because Lone Beacon wanted to teach Zero Wing a lesson.

As Irontooth fell silent, he used the Steel Puppet to advance on Shi Feng.

The Steel Puppet’s Movement Speed was extremely high, crossing 50 yards in less than two seconds. Upon arriving before Shi Feng, the Steel Puppet swung one of its sabers at the Swordsman.

Despite the attack’s casual nature, its power was at the peak of Tier 3. The wind even howled as the saber soared towards Shi Feng.

So fast! Shi Feng immediately responded by swinging Killing Ray.

Boom!

With the sound of an explosion, the saber’s trajectory altered, and it crashed into the ground beside the Swordsman, the impact tearing a 20-meter-long gash in the ground. Shi Feng instantly lost over 20,000 HP…

“You really are something to survive an attack like that! But how will you fare against four sabers?” Irontooth brandished his three remaining weapons after seeing his target only lose a small fraction of his HP.

Since a player controlled the Steel Puppet, all three sabers accurately flew towards Shi Feng’s defensive blind spots.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

As one slash after another descended, the blades devastated the ground around Shi Feng. The earth trembled violently under the resulting impacts, and some of Sin Realm’s nearby players lost their footing.

The Steel Puppet’s devastatingly destructive power stupefied Sin Realm’s members.

Setting aside the Steel Puppet’s Strength, its Attack Speed alone shocked many of the watching players. The sabers were far too quick, and even the Tier 2 players realized that they’d be hard-pressed to block a single strike. If they had to combat all three sabers simultaneously, they’d die on the spot

Once the dust settled, however, they were even more shocked.

Shi Feng still stood beside the Steel Puppet’s swords. He hadn’t died in the flurry of attacks, and this time, his HP was fully intact…

As expected of a Bronze Combat Puppet Its combat power is amazing. The Hell Tank is nothing in comparison, Shi Feng thought as he looked at the deformed terrain around him. If he hadn’t activated Power of Darkness in time, he would’ve likely lost more than half of his total HP.

Controlling a Combat Puppet was very similar to controlling a Divine Beast Players essentially merged with the Combat Puppet, and although they couldn’t control the Puppet as easily as they did their own bodies, executing simple attacks at maximum efficiency wouldn’t be difficult

Moreover, a Bronze Combat Puppet’s every attack contained the Strength and speed of Tier 2 at its peak. It was the equivalent of a Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species. In addition, every attack a Combat Puppet executed would contain its full power, like a player at their peak. Even a Tier 3 expert would be at a disadvantage against a Bronze Combat Puppet with the same combat standard.

“A Berserk Skill? Do you think that can save you?” Irontooth sneered when he saw the black aura around Shi Feng. He then raised his four sabers and attacked again.

Although he couldn’t control the Steel Puppet as nimbly as his own body, he was confident of defeating a real Tier 3 expert with the Puppet’s Strength, speed, and four arms.

“We’ll see about that!” Shi Feng brandished his two swords to meet the four sabers.

Sword’s Orbit!

A galaxy of stars formed around Shi Feng, and he either blocked or deflected every attack Irontooth launched with the Steel Puppet

“How is this possible?! How is he keeping up with the Steel Puppet?!” Sin Realm’s members watched the battle with dropped jaws as the Steel Puppet was rendered ineffective against Shi Feng.

However, none of them knew that Shi Feng’s Attributes could normally rival a Great Lord’s of the same level. After using Power of Darkness, his Strength was as high as an ordinary Grand Lord’s under the Intermediate Magic Array’s suppression. He was also as fast as a Tier 3 player of the same level. Hence, the Steel Puppet’s Basic Attributes were only slightly higher than his, and Shi Feng could easily make up for the gap with his techniques.

He’s actually so strong? Irontooth’s expression darkened when he realized that he couldn’t gain any ground against Shi Feng.

He had never thought that this Swordman’s Attributes were so high that they could rival the Steel Puppet’s.

After trading blows for a short moment, Shi Feng lost interest in passively defending himself. He started to find opportunities to attack the Steel Puppet.

Dang! Dang! Dang!

Dazzling sparks filled the air as Shi Feng’s swords stabbed and slashed at the Puppet, but despite taking multiple attacks, there wasn’t a single mark on the Puppet’s armor.

“It’s useless! Even if you have heaven-defying Basic Attributes, they are nothing before the Steel Puppet’s Defense! I want to see just how long your Berserk Skill will keep you alive!” Irontooth growled, sneering.

He was fully confident in the Steel Puppet’s Defense, which had Tier 3 defensive capabilities. Only a Grand Lord ranked Archaic Species’ attacks could reduce its durability. Ordinary Grand Lords would only accomplish the feat if they used particularly powerful Skills.

“Is that so?”

Shi Feng chuckled. He then activated Blade Liberation and slashed at the Puppet again.

Hua!

Suddenly, a visible tear appeared on the Steel Puppet’s armor…